The opening ceremony for the new splash pad at Vol Tobel Park. (Photo: Dan Kulin/Clark County Office)
Commissioner Lawrence Weekly opened a new splash pad yesterday morning at Vol Tobel Park in the northeastern part of the valley.
The new splash pad is located at 2436 North Pecos Road, near Carey Avenue, and is across the street from Von Tobel Middle School.
"With summer vacation starting Friday, this splash pad will give the children in this neighborhood a great place to cool off and play," Commissioner Weekly said. "Community parks improve the quality of life for residents, and it is important that they include amenities that make them year-round destinations."
Vol Tobel Park also has softball fields, picnic facilities, a playground and basketball and volleyball courts.
Las Vegas police were on scene of an officer-involved shooting in the east Las Vegas Valley on Saturday night.
About 10:13 p.m., officers responded to 3437 Big Sur Drive, near Nellis Boulevard and Desert Inn Road. Lt. Peter Kisfalvi of Metro police said a woman armed with a shovel was "acting erratically."
Police said the woman was told to put the shovel down, but the woman turned and approached a nearby citizen. An officer fired their weapon and struck the woman, according to police.
Police named the officer involved as 23-year-old Ondre Wills, employed by Metro since May 2016. They have been placed on routine paid administrative leave pending the outcome of a review of this incident, according to a release.
They were transported to Sunrise Hospital with at least one gunshot wound. They were in serious but critical condition. No one else was injured, Kisfalvi said.
The name of the woman will be released at a future date.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Hughes breaks American grip on Seniors title
England's Bryan Hughes of Hesketh Golf Club in Southport has broken the streak of American winners of the British Senior Amateur, coming from seven shots behind to win by two shots at Sunningdale Golf Club. Ireland's Adrian Morrow finished in a tie for 13th place, seven shots behind Hughes.
Americans have enjoyed a long run of success at the British Seniors, winning the last seven championships (including three by defending champion Chip Lutz) and 17 of the last 21 dating back to Joel Hirsch of Chicago in 1996.
And once again players from the USA dominated the leaderboard, taking nine of the top 12 places. But Hughes put one on the board for the Home Nations, becoming the first Englishman to win since Roy Smethurst in 2003.
Hughes shot rounds of 74, 73 and a final round of three-under 67 which tied for the low round of the tournament for a total of 214. After an early bogey, Hughes played flawlessly, recording birdies at five, 12, 15, and 18, allowing them to post a clubhouse number that no one in the three groups behind them were able to match.
Doug Hanzel of Savannah, Georgia - the number one ranked player in the AmateurGolf.com Senior Rankings - was looking for their first British Seniors win. Playing in the group immediately behind Hughes', Hanzel needed a final-hole birdie to tie but instead made bogey, finishing with a round of even-par 70 to go with earlier rounds of 77 and 69 which put them in a second place tie at six-over 216 with Gene Elliott (77, 69, 70) and Steven Williams.
Williams of South Africa had the last chance to tie Hughes but they met a similar fate, needing birdie to tie only to make bogey and finish in a tie for second. Williams closed with a 73 after carding 71 and 72 in the first two rounds.
Morrow, from Portmarnock, recovered from a disappointing opening round of 79 with rounds of 72 and 70 for 221.
Chip Lutz, the defending champion and three-time winner, closed with a three-over-par 73 to finish eight-over-par overall and was tied with the 2014 champion Brady Exber in joint seventh.
Hughes also earns an exemption into the 2018 Senior Open Presented by Rolex being staged at the Old Course, St Andrews from July 26th - 29th, while the 2018 Seniors Amateur Championship will take place at Royal Porthcawl from August 1st-3rd.
Limerick edge Ballybunion in Senior Cup final
Limerick took the AIG Senior Cup Munster Final at Tralee with a dramatic win over Ballybunion, after overcoming Mallow in the semis thanks to Justin Kehoe's heroics in the the 19th.
Owen O'Brien and Ciaran Vaughan won their matches to give Limerick a 2-0 lead but David O'Driscoll and Senan Carroll balanced the card for Ballybunion. Kehoe was they hero again as they won the battle of endurance on the 17th agains Peter Sheehan.
Tralee won the AIG Barton Shield Munster Final with a great display of golf against Castletroy. The hosts defeated holders Cork in the semi-final by four holes. They took an early lead in the final with the first pairing of Darren O'Sullivan and Eoghan O'Donnell starting well and holding a two holes lead at the turn.
Fergal O'Sullivan was partnered by Ger Deegan who came in for Graham Spring in the final in the second Tralee pairing, and they birdied the first and second to get off to the perfect start. The pair were three under at the turn and six up on their opponents. Tralee extended their lead slightly and although Castletroy mounted a comeback the deficit was too great and Tralee eventually won by eight holes.
Connacht double for Galway
After an absorbing Connacht Senior Cup final that had numerous swings it was experience blended with some outstanding youth that saw Galway squeeze over the line in a third tie hole against hosts Galway Bay.
Joe Lyons got Galway's opening point with a 2 and 1 win over Damien Glynn which was canelled out by Michael Joseph Kennelly beating Liam Nolan 3 and 1. One each became two each when Eddie McCormack (Galway Bay) beat Ronan Mullarney (Galway) on the 18th and Luke O'Neill (Galway) holed from 30feet for a birdie three also on 18 to claim a come from behind win against Michael Shiel.
While that drama came to a conclusion the top match was now on the third tee - their 21st hole - and unfortunately a lost tee shot led to a double bogey six for Galway Bay's Jack Tuohy allowing Liam Power, their Interprovincial colleague, to seal the win with a bogey five.
The senior cup win made it a double for the Galway team as they also won the Barton Shield on Saturday beating Co Sligo In the final.
Having overcome a nervous encounter with host club Galway Bay in their semi-final, where they eventually won at the first tie-hole, they simply outplayed Co Sligo from start to finish running out emphatic nine holes winners in the final.
First victory of the season for Dillon
Joe Dillon from Headfort GC edged out Jimmy Bolger (Kilkenny) to win the Fred Daly Memorial Pro-Am at Balmoral GC. Dillon carded a two under par 67 to beat Bolger by a shot at the Holiday Inn Belfast sponsored event.
“It's a course I feel that I should have won at before,” said Dillon who is finally returning to full health following recent bout of food poisoning. Starting their round at the 10th, Dillon played their opening nine holes in one over par 35 but they clicked into gear at the turn, firing a four birdie salvo that set them on course for their first win of the season.
Lurgan pair win Ulster Foursomes
The Lurgan pair of Steven Kelly and David Sutton shot 70 and 74 for a 144 total to win the Ulster Scratch Foursomes Championship at Malone GC by one shot from Nicholas McClay and Neil McKinstry (Cairndhu), who followed their 73 in the first round with 72 in the second round for 145.
Third place went to the Warrenpoint pair of Paul Reavey and James Fletcher who carded the best of the tournament 69 but flowed with a disappointing 79 for 148. William and James Russell from Clandeboye with 73 and 77 and Peter Kerr and Jamie Knipe from Royal Portrush with 73 and 77 tied for fourth place on 150.
Leinster Boys' title for Kennedy
Max Kennedy added a 75 to their course record 67 to win the Multi Cargo Ltd sponsored Leinster Boys Under-16 Amateur Open Championship by four shots at Beaverstown.
The Royal Dublin player started the day six shots ahead and turned in level par before bogeying three holes on the back nine as Beaverstown gave up just three sub-par scores over the 36 holes
Their two under par total was still good enough for a comfortable win over Holywood's Tom McKibbin, who closed with a four-under 68 in windy conditions to finish second on two-under 146.
After bogeying the first hole, McKibben birdied the second and fifth to turn in one under and finished well with birdies at the 15th, 17th and 18th.
Laytown and Bettystown's Alex Maguire shot a second successive 73 to finish third behind McKibbin on countback with Muskerry's Jack Egan fourth on four over after a 72.
Moran best of the under-13s
Castle's Alan Moran won the Titleist FootJoy Leinster Boys Under-13 Series final with an excellent 32 gross points at Dun Laoghaire Golf Club. The 14-handicapper was cut two shots to 12 after they finished two points better than Powerscourt's Aiden O'Carroll as Ardee's Ben Caffrey claimed third, two points further behind.
Dun Laoghaire's Ethan Sutton (27) was fourth with Carton House's Calum Ward, Baltinglass' Robert McHugh and Malahide's Gavin O'Neill tied fifth with 26.
Castle Barna 27-handicapper Adam Kelly won the best nett with 45 points, edging out Elm Park's Shane Cowhey, who was playing off 26, on a countback. Waterford's Ben O'Neill took the ‘Longest Drive honours' as Kilkenny's Sean Keenan won ‘Nearest the Pin'.
In the putting contest, Dun Laoghaire's Ethan Sutton put their local knowledge to good use as they had 16 putts to edge out Royal Curragh's Calum Duane.
Public transport bodies across Ireland have commenced an anti-racism campaign in an attempt to stamp out rising incidences of prejudice on buses, trains, trams and taxis.
More than 1,000 posters will be displayed on public transport networks across the State over the coming fortnight encouraging customers to report racist abuse or violence.
The campaign, which is run by the Immigrant Council of Ireland, Transport for Ireland and Dublin City Council, seeks to promote “a message of zero tolerance” towards racism in Ireland.
One in six Dublin Bus employees comes from a migrant background with 70 different countries represented within the company's staff. Bus Éireann's 2,536 employees come from 33 different backgrounds, while Iarnród Éireann, which employs 3,832 people, has 23 different backgrounds among its staff. Luas operator Transdev says its 264 employees represent 30 different nationalities.
Anne Graham, chief executive of Transport for Ireland, warned against complacency towards racism and called on public transport users to call out any incidences of prejudice and intolerance.
“Ireland has become more diverse and more mature in recent years, and the staff who deliver our public transport services certainly reflect these positive changes. However, that doesn't mean we can be complacent, and prejudice and intolerance – whoever the target may be – need to be tackled head on.”
Rasa Mikalauskiene who is originally from Lithuania and is a bus driver with Bus Éireann, says It's important to run campaigns that highlight racism within the industry. Ms Mikalauskiene, who drives a bus on the West Cork route to Skibbereen and Bantry, says they experienced racism in previous workplaces before moving to Bus Éireann but than now they feel “comfortable” and “respected”.
“I've been doing this route for 10 years and my customers know me and I know everyone's names and even their surnames. I don't feel foreign, I feel normal.”
Recorded incidents of racism in Ireland have continued to rise in recent years with 245 reports of racist crimes made through the State's tracking system, the European Network Against Racism (Enar), between July-December 2016, up from 190 reports in the first six months of 2016.
However, research has found that most refugees and migrants choose not to report racist crimes to gardaí and keep their heads down for fear of being considered troublemakers.
The State's failure to introduce hate crime legislation also discourages people from reporting crimes to the Garda pulse system, according to experts in hate crime who earlier this year called for the introduction of legislation “as a matter of urgency”.
However, Irish Rail revenue officer Happymore Karigomba, who moved to Ireland from Zimbabwe in 2000 and has worked with the company for 16 years, says incidences of racism are falling. In the past, Mr Karigomba was often the victim of racist remarks when fining customers without a valid ticket but says people today have a greater understanding of the State's increasingly diverse population.
“The general outlook I have now is that our society has become more multicultural and instances of this nature are on the decline,” Mr Karigomba said. “In the past I sometimes experienced racism from older generations and younger people who were just trying to avoid their fares. But these anti-racism campaigns do work. We're seeing the change.”
If you witness or experience racism on any Irish public transport network, contact stopracism@immigrantcouncil.ie
There has been much talk in Government and banking circles about the decision by Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe to nominate Philip Lane, the governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, for the post of European Central Bank vice-president, due to fall vacant in May. Spanish minister for the economy Luis de Guindos had long been seen as the strong favourite, as Spain plotted a return to the ECB executive board after a six-year absence, though they have yet to be formally nominated.
Spain is claiming support from Germany, France and Italy and said that while Ireland will compete, it does not have the political weight to win. However, the outcome is still hard to call, with the big countries eyeing up the prize of ECB president, as Mario Draghi's term comes to an end in October of next year. There are also four other ECB positions to fight for, opening up the usual “will you vote for our candidate if we vote for yours” discussions.
Interestingly, Spain has still to officially confirm that de Guindos will be its candidate and will not do so unless it is pretty sure of a win. On Friday some members of the European Parliament – who sit on the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee – expressed reservations to news agency Bloomberg about Guindos, largely on the basis that they were a politician and moving straight into the ECB might undermine its independence. Guindos is a conservative – a member of the European People's Party, which also, ironically, includes Fine Gael – and the initial doubts are coming from parties such as the greens, the socialists and some on the far right.
The committee holds hearings before senior ECB appointments are made. The hearings are non-binding – the committee cannot block an appointment, but it can certainly delay it. The appointment of Luxembourg's Yves Mersch was stalled for months in 2012 over a lack of female contenders for top ECB jobs. Gender will certainly be an issue this time around. Will Spain decide at the eleventh hour to nominate a woman if it feels Guindos will not win? There is gossip in Spain, too, that prime minister Mariano Rajoy would quite like to keep Guindos in their cabinet, but the potential candidate is very keen to run.
With nominations closing next week, this could yet get tasty.
Students in the Yukon School District fared better than their counterparts in statewide testing, according to results released this week by the school district's administration.
The district has kept a tight lid on the results since the preliminary data was released in October, preferring to provide the information to the public and the school board at the same time.
However, the results appear to be favorable for the district, even though they are well below results from previous years.
According to the results, which are part of a “total reset,” Yukon students scored well above the state average in every category with the exception of 10th-grade science.
Desarae Witmer, Yukon's executive director of curriculum, said 13 percent of Yukon's students who took the test scored as being at or above proficient. The state average was 19 percent.
Witmer said the results were disappointing, but not surprising. Most Yukon students take science or biology during their first-year student year. The test is only given to sophomores who are currently taking the class.
“We are pleased, but we are not satisfied,” said Witmer.
Superintendent Dr. Jason Simeroth said the district is in a good spot.
All of the schools across the district fared well, Witmer said.
Over all, third-grade students scored in the 58 percent range, meaning 58 percent of the students scored as being proficient in English. That is well above the 39 percent statewide average.
Breaking down the results further, all categories of third-grade students scored above state average. That includes categories such as English Learners, where 16 percent scored proficient in English. The state average was 12 percent.
Forty-four percent of Hispanic students scored proficient in Yukon. The state average was 24 percent.
Witmer said there is no way to compare this year's scores with those from previous years.
The change was prompted because scores received during the 2015 testing season, which showed a high number of students at or above proficient were questioned after random testing showed significantly fewer students were proficient.
An example was fourth-grade math, where 72 percent of Oklahoma students were shown to be proficient under the previous method. However, when the random National Assessment of Education Progress test was administered, only 37 percent of students were shown to be proficient.
The 2016-17 results showed that 41 percent of state fourth-graders were proficient in math. In Yukon, that number was 63 percent proficient and only 9 percent were unsatisfactory.
State schools Superintendent Joy Hofmeister called this year's results a “total reset.”
“Over the past three years, Oklahoma has undertaken transformational work needed to ensure all of our students are prepared for the next steps after high school graduation. We have eliminated a culture of over-testing that robbed classrooms of valuable instructional time and failed to lead to academic gain. In a teacher-driven process, we developed academic standards and assessments that accurately reflect the skills and knowledge our kids will need for college or the workforce of the future,” Hofmeister said.
Witmer agreed.
“There is not really any way to compare this year with previous years, but when you compare Yukon schools to the state average, we did exceptionally well,” they said.
TEST SCORES
Among the test scores, all five Yukon elementary schools scored well above the state average for third-grade English.
At the fourth-grade level, the state average was 37, and Yukon scored an average of 48 percent.
At the fifth-grade level for English, 40 percent of students statewide score proficient. In Yukon, that number was 55 percent;
Sixth-grade English was among the areas where Yukon was just above the state average, with 43 percent of students scoring proficient. Statewide, that number was 40 percent.
Forty-five percent of Yukon students in the seventh grade scored proficient, while 42 percent of eighth-grade students did. Both were well above the state average of 34 percent in seventh-grade and 35 percent in eighth-grade.
At the high school level, 44 percent of Yukon's 10th-grade students were at or above proficient. The statewide average was 36 percent.
In math, Yukon's third-graders scored more than 20 points higher than the state average. Sixty-five percent were proficient compared to 44 percent statewide.
Similar numbers were seen in fourth and sixth grades.
In the fourth grade, 63 percent of Yukon students were scored as proficient. Statewide, only 41 percent were.
In the fifth-grade, 35 percent statewide were proficient, while in Yukon 61 percent were proficient.
Science tests were administered to students in the fifth, eighth and 10th grades.
Only the 10th grades students scored below the state average. Witmer said most of Yukon's students take biology classes in ninth grade, when the statewide test is not administered.
“There is a lot of room for us to grow,” they said.
“Overall, we're happy with what we have. Overall, we are happy to get a baseline. It shows us where we need to focus our attention and were we need to celebrate our successes and replicate our best practices. It allows us to start setting goals to grow our kids,” Witmer said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has named their Derby County team to face Brenford in Saturday's Sky Bet Championship encounter at Pride Park Stadium (3pm).
Rowett has made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night.
There is a first Derby start for January signing Cameron Jerome, while Ikechi Anya and Marcus Olsson also get their chance.
Jerome replaces David Nugent up front, Olsson comes in for Craig Forsyth at left-back, while Anya takes the place of Andreas Weimann, whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning.
It is Anya's first league start of the season, having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson starts for only the season time in the Championship since September.
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer is named on the bench and will wear the number seven shirt vacated by the departing Johnny Russell.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell (finger) remains sidelined, so Kelle Roos retains their place on the bench as back-up to Scott Carson.
Midfielder Bradley Johnson (back) also misses out again despite returning to training recently.
Brentford boss Dean Smith also makes three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City.
Henrik Dalsgaard, Romaine Sawyers and Sergi Canos come in for Nico Yennaris, Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay.
The Bees are without Lasse Vibe, who has scored seven in their past eight league games, as the Danish striker is in talk over a move to China.
And there is no place for new signing Chiedozie Ogbene, who arrived on Tuesday from Irish Premier Division club Limerick.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Wisdom, Keogh, Davies, Olsson, Huddlestone, Thorne, Lawrence, Vydra, Anya, Jerome. Subs: Roos (gk), Baird, Forsyth, Ledley, Palmer, Winnall, Nugent.
BRENTFORD: Bentley, Dalsgaard, Mepham, Bjelland, Barbet, Woods, Mokotjo, Sawyers, Jozefzoon, Watkins, Canos. Subs: Daniels (gk), Yennaris, Egan, Maupay, McEachran, Judge, Marcondes.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:46 SUV pulled from Oceano Dunes creek crossing
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
£4.5m investment to improve cancer treatment in Sheffield
Cancer patients in Sheffield are set to benefit from the latest innovations in treatment and care due to a multi-million pound research programme from Yorkshire Cancer Research.
The charity will join forces with the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust in a groundbreaking collaboration that will combine pioneering scientific and technological developments with initiatives designed to improve cancer outcomes in the region.
The £4.5m investment will fund the appointment of 10 of the UK's most promising researchers and cancer specialists, whose expertise will further reinforce Sheffield as one of the best centres in the country for patient-focused cancer research.
Their appointments will build on the international reputation of the Weston Park Cancer Clinical Trials Centre and bring together clinicians and researchers across the city in the fight against cancer.
The programme, led by Robert Coleman, Professor of Medical Oncology at the University of Sheffield, will focus on four key strategic areas:
developing and testing new ways to diagnose and assess lung cancer;
carrying out innovative clinical trials;
improving the health and wellbeing of patients living with and beyond cancer;
and addressing health inequalities by improving early diagnosis and access to treatment.
The appointments will be made over the next three years and each project will run for five years. The research will involve thousands of patients living in the South Yorkshire area, and the funding is expected to attract further investment into cancer research in Sheffield.
“This major investment by Yorkshire Cancer Research means that Sheffield can continue to pioneer new treatments to give cancer patients a brighter future,” said Professor Coleman.
“Cancer will affect one in two of us in our lifetime, but our groundbreaking research means that patients in our region benefit from revolutionary treatments.”
An estimated 18,235 people in Sheffield are currently living with or beyond cancer. This number is expected to increase to 28,450 people by 2030, meaning significantly more people will need access to the best treatment and long-term care1.
Sheffield is one of the highest ranked deprived local authorities in the country, and cancer outcomes tend to be worse in areas of high deprivation. The reasons behind this include higher levels of unhealthy behaviours, such as smoking and drinking alcohol, poor knowledge and awareness of symptoms, and barriers in access to healthcare.
Lung cancer incidence rates in Sheffield are higher than the national average, with 103 cases per 100,000 people diagnosed in Sheffield compared to 78 in England2. 89 per cent of lung cancers are caused by smoking or other preventable factors3.
The number of preventable, premature deaths from all cancers in Sheffield is also higher than the national average. There were 90 preventable deaths per 100,000 people under the age of 75 in Sheffield during 2013-15 compared to 81 in England4. The investment is part of a 10 year strategy announced last year by Yorkshire Cancer Research to ensure 2,000 more people living in Yorkshire survive cancer every year by 2025. An estimated 18,235
people in Sheffield are
currently living with
or beyond cancer.
Dr Kathryn Scott, Interim Chief Executive at Yorkshire Cancer Research, said: “We are incredibly proud to be able to fund this unique programme of research in Sheffield. We are excited to be working with our region's leading cancer experts to improve the lives of people living in South Yorkshire.
“At Yorkshire Cancer Research we believe every single person in every community in and around Yorkshire should have the very best chance of living a long and healthy life with, without and beyond cancer. We are incredibly grateful to all our supporters for making this investment possible.”
Professor Chris Newman, Faculty Director of Research at the University of Sheffield, said: “We are delighted to be entering into this major strategic partnership with Yorkshire Cancer Research. This generous funding will help us to attract the next generation of world class cancer researchers to Sheffield.
“Working alongside our senior consultants and academics, these new researchers will accelerate our programmes to develop and implement new treatments to benefit patients in our region but of course also more widely.”
Dr Trish Fisher, Clinical Director at Weston Park Cancer Centre said: “The ability to offer many of our patients the chance to be part of cutting edge clinical trials, that can not only improve their cancer outcomes, but also pave the way for advancements in cancer treatments, is one of the reasons that Weston Park is a leading UK cancer centre.
“We are delighted to receive this funding from Yorkshire Cancer Research, and to be working in partnership with the University of Sheffield to increase further our research capabilities to the benefit of our patients.”
Additional information References 1. Local Cancer Intelligence, Cancer Prevalence, http://lci.cancertoolkit.co.uk/Prevalence
2. CancerData, Incidence, https://cancerdata.nhs.uk/incidence, Accessed [January 2017].
3. Parkin, Boyd and Walker, The fraction of cancer attributable to lifestyle and environmental factors in the UK in 2010, British Journal of Cancer 2011, 105: S1-S81.
4. Public Health England, Public Health Outcomes Framework, Healthcare and premature mortality, http://www.phoutcomes.info/public-health-outcomes-framework#page/0/gid/1000044/pat/6/par/E12000003/ati/102/are/E08000016 The University of Sheffield With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities.
A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in.
Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2016 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields.
Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations. Yorkshire Cancer Research Harrogate-based Yorkshire Cancer Research is the UK's largest regional medical research charity (registered charity no. 516898)
We are committed to reducing the devastating impact of cancer on the lives of people living in Yorkshire.
Our mission is to work in partnership, fund research and support initiatives that will help people in Yorkshire avoid, survive and cope with cancer.
Current statistics show that 565 people are diagnosed with cancer in Yorkshire every week. Incidence and mortality rates are higher than the England average due to social deprivation, post-industrialisation and lifestyle choices but also availability of healthcare services and difficulties accessing early diagnostics, clinical trials and the latest treatments. We aim to:
Be the leading authority on cancer in Yorkshire, understanding the problems and priorities in the region and sharing knowledge with partners.
Raise awareness of cancer and how to prevent it by working in local communities, schools and colleges, sports clubs and with other health-related organisations.
Promote screening programmes and fund research that can improve the diagnosis of cancer so we can detect and treat it at the earliest opportunity.
Invest in innovative research projects at every stage of a cancer patient's journey.
Campaign for fair and equal access to the very best healthcare services and a greater share of the money spent nationally on research. For further information, please visit www.yorkshirecancerresearch.org.uk Weston Park Cancer Centre Weston Park Cancer Centre is one of only four dedicated cancer hospitals in England. Weston Park Cancer Centre is home to the best radiotherapy department in the region, ideally equipped to handle the 6,000 new cases of cancer diagnosed annually. Weston Park Cancer Centre has a world-leading reputation as a centre of excellence in the fight against cancer, responsible for numerous modern advances within the field of cancer research. In the purpose-built Cancer Clinical Trials Centre academics and clinicians work together on pioneering research and trials to enable our patients to live longer and better lives. Weson Park is a recognised SABR Centre for primary lung cancer and oligometastases; has Experimental Cancer Medicine Centre (ECMC) status, an accolade only given to high performing hubs; and is one of only three centres in the UK who run the screening programme for trophoblastic disease, and one of only two to treat persistent tumours. Weston Park has a purpose built Teenage Cancer Unit; is a world leader in Late Effects services, which continue to support the ongoing general health and wellbeing, physical and psychosocial needs of cancer survivors for the years and decades after treatment; and is home to Weston Park Cancer Support Centre, which offers support and advice to patients, carers, family members and others affected by cancer. Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Sheffield Teaching Hospitals is one of the UK's largest NHS Foundation Trusts and one of the largest and busiest teaching hospitals. We have over 16,000 staff caring for over two million patients each year at our five hospitals and in the local community: The Royal Hallamshire Hospital
The Northern General Hospital
Charles Clifford Dental Hospital
Weston Park Cancer Hospital
Jessop Wing Maternity Hospital We offer a full range of local hospital and community health services for people in Sheffield as well as specialist hospital services to patients from further afield in our many specialist centres. The Trust is recognised internationally for its work in neurosciences, spinal injuries, renal, cancer, transplantation, neurosciences and orthopaedics. Thanks to the hard work and commitment of our staff and volunteers, Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has been given an overall rating of ‘Good' by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) with many services rated as ‘Outstanding'. This means the Trust is one of only 18 (out of 174 Trusts) to have achieved a Good rating in every one of the five domains which the Care Quality Commission use to rate a NHS organisation: Safe, Caring, Responsive, Well led, Effective The Trust is a recognised leader in medical research for bone, cardiac, neurosciences and long term conditions such as diabetes and lung disease. We also play a key role in the training and education of medical, nursing and dental students with our academic partners, including the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam. The Trust is a recognised leader in healthcare innovation and is host to a number of national projects including the Perfect Patient Pathway Test Bed, Devices for Dignity, Yorkshire and Humber Genomics Centre as well as being a partner in the Working Together Vanguard and National Centre for Sports and Exercise Medicine. For more information visit: www.sth.nhs.uk
By Eric Wise, Staff Writer —
The UTC College Democrats are educating and encouraging campus involvement for the upcoming Hamilton County elections on March 7.
The UTC College Democrats, a student organization, held a voter education session on Feb. 1 about the Chattanooga City Council. The goal of this meeting was to educate students about the city council, and its implications on UTC students.. According to the description on Orgsync, the meeting was to discuss what a city council is, what it does and why its members are voted on. The event went over the direct impact the Chattanooga City Council can have on UTC students. Additionally, there was an interactive section where people in attendance imitated running for City Council.
The event had a lower than expected turnout of about 10 people. The low turnout didn't bother Edwards, as they felt that the meeting was successful in educating students.
UTC College Democrats has more events planned leading up to election day. A mayoral candidate debate was held on Feb. 10 and a meet the candidates event with city council candidates and incumbents will be on Feb. 15 at 8 p.m. in the UC Auditorium. Additionally, members of UTC College Democrats will be offering rides to polling locations on March 1 during early voting.
UTC College Democrats has not backed any candidate for this election and all events are for information only. The organization does not want to include or exclude certain people based on their political ideology or beliefs. Their goal is to educate the student body on local politics happening right now.
The deadline for voter registration has already passed, but those who are registered to vote in Hamilton County can vote beginning Feb. 15 for early voting. The last day to vote is March 7, the city election day.
The following individuals have been booked at the Sweetwater County Detention Center:
June 13th
Rigobert Mendoza Hernandez, 39 of Rock Springs was arrested by the RSPD on a warrant for domestic battery and an Immigration and Customs Enforcement detainer.
Brad Tyler Thoren, 40 of Farson was arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol for alleged driving while under suspension, no insurance and expired registration.
Thomas Lee Applegate, 57 of Rock Springs was arrested by the GRPD on a warrant for probation revocation.
Adam Robles, 51 of Green River was arrested by the GRPD for alleged domestic battery.
Denise Ellen Spencer, 40 of Rock Springs was arrested by the RSPD on warrants for failure to pay on use of cell pho0ne, no insurance and driving while under suspension.
Wednesday morning the NCAA will announce the recommendations of the Rice Commission, which is headed by former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice. The commission was formed in the aftermath of the FBI's September arrest of ten individuals in connection with an investigation into corruption and bribes in college basketball recruiting back, with the stated goal being to introduce reforms that would “clean up” the sport.
NBC Sports obtained an email the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) sent out to its members in preparation for Wednesday's announcement. In the email, the NABC provided “talking points” while also encouraging coaches to support the Rice Commission's findings — whether they agree with them or not.
“In short, it is imperative that the Commission's recommendations be met with unequivocal support from each of us. The NABC Board of Directors affirmed the necessity of this unified response on a conference call earlier today,” the statement sent out by the NABC read.
The key talking points are:
Change was necessary, and we knew change was coming. As coaches on the front lines, we are uniquely positioned to offer valuable insight as the Commission's recommendations progress through the legislative process;
As coaches, we are committed to working with the NCAA in evaluating the recommendations and will provide appropriate input as legislation is drafted;
We are appreciative of the Commission's efforts to address necessary change, and for welcoming the input of the NABC.
The Rice Commission's recommendations are highly anticipated in college basketball circles, and it remains to be seen just how quickly the NCAA would go about implementing them. One topic that's bound to be discussed is the “one and done” player, but it once again must be noted that this is something controlled by the NBA and its Players Association (via the collective bargaining agreement). There's also the connection with shoe companies, which became an even bigger point of conversation in the aftermath of the FBI arrest.
Hearing what coaches have to say about the Rice Commission's findings would have been interesting. But with the NABC looking to present a unified front, there may not be much to take from what the coaches say in the aftermath of Wednesday's announcement.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Chris Lackner
“You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows,” Bob Dylan sang. But these days, a guide through the seemingly endless flurry of pop culture offerings is just what we need. With that in mind, here is what's on the radar screen in TV, music and film for the coming week.
MOVIES
Big Release on Dec. 15: Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
Big Picture: Humanity awaits the much-needed distraction of a new Star Wars – largely to distract itself from whatever monstrous thing Donald Trump tweeted the night before. But make no mistake. The title, The Last Jedi, doesn't bode well for our band of ragtag heroes in a galaxy far, far away.
Harrison Ford's Han Solo took “centre nostalgia stage” in The Force Awakens. Now it's Mark Hamill's turn. Sporting hobo grizzle and steely eyes, Luke isn't happy to be found in self-imposed exile on a depressing rock island. Skywalker seems decidedly on the Gray Side of the force – that limbo land where true Jedi and Sith go to haunt…until someone reminds them who they really are again.
You're a hero, remember? You're a merciless monster, remember? (By the time the credits roll, this giant will be awakened – but to the benefit of good or evil?) The Last Jedi could mean Luke goes Dark, Luke dies, or Rey (Daisy Ridley), goes Dark (expect Kylo Ren – Luke's nefarious nephew – to make a good pitch). Either way, the title intones that one Jedi is left on the battlefield.
With a Han Solo origin story, and more spinoffs in the works, I'd like to take a moment to pitch the braintrust at Disney on the Star Wars movies I'd pay good money to see: SW: Diary of a Furry Kid, covering Chewbacca's moody teenage years; SW: Castaway, a 180-minute indie film directed by Terrence Malick showing Luke silently brooding on their deserted rock for years, interspersed with artistic cuts of the universe being born and destroyed; SW: Sky City, a caper film set in the Lando Calrissian-run space metropolis; SW: Moon of Endor Kingdom: in which director Wes Anderson examines an oddball, dysfunctional Ewok family.
Forecast: The Last Jedi sure beats watching A Christmas Story for the 500th time because its “a family tradition.” Hamill will prove they haven't done much to improve their acting range since Return of the Jedi (1983).
TV
Big Events: Gwen Stefani's You Make It Feel Like Christmas (Dec. 12, NBC); A Christmas Story Live! (Dec. 17, Fox); Wormwood (Dec. 15, Netflix)
Big Picture: Stefani leaves no doubt that their team understands the power of marketing. You Make it Feel Like Christmas is the title of this musical-variety special, the title of their new Christmas album, and the title of its first single, a duet with Blake Shelton – which just happened to debut on The Voice, the reality competition they both headline.
Meanwhile, you can also watch A Christmas Story Musical – a new live take on the 1983 movie starring the likes of Maya Rudolph and Jane Krakowski, and narrated by Matthew Broderick.
Finally, Netflix enters the world of Wormwood, a docu-drama from documentary guru Errol Morris. This six-part Netflix miniseries follows one man's uncanny, six-decade investigation into the mysterious CIA-related death of their father — which blends real-life interviews with scripted scenes starring Peter Sarsgaard and Molly Parker.
Forecast: Get used to a never-ending series of live, musical events. Live programming is the last true thing network TV has left to offer. (I'm hoping CBC's The National re-brands for a third time for an all-musical national newscast.)
Honourable Mention: Judd Apatow: The Return (Dec. 12, Netflix). The prolific comedy producer-and-writer (Knocked Up, The 40-Year-Old Virgin), returns to stand-up comedy after 25 years – teaching us all the benefit of breaking out of our comfort zones once every quarter of a century.
MUSIC
Big Release on Dec. 15: Eminem (Revival)
Big Picture: The real Slim Shady aims for revival just before the holiday season. The mercurial rapper releases 19 new tracks, including collaborations with Beyoncé, Ed Sheeran, Pink, and Alicia Keys. No, their anti-Trump freestyle, The Storm, from the 2017 BET Hip-Hop Awards is not on this effort, but don't expect Eminem to shy away from their newfound political voice.
In their 1999 breakthrough, Slim Shady seemed angry at everything and everyone for no reason. But in an age of socially conscious rappers, led by the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Eminem's rage seems trained on the America reflected in the vacuous eyes of the current occupant of the Oval Office.
Forecast: This album won't be played at your holiday parties – at least not until the sixth glass of eggnog has been downed, and your family's black-sheep uncle decides to deliver a soliloquy in defence of the alt-right. Then you'll want to crank it.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge hearing the case of Alfie Evans has asked doctors if "other options" are possible to allow their family to take them home after life support was withdrawn.
But Mr Justice Hayden also appeared to rule out their family's wishes to take the 23-month-old to Italy for treatment.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life-or-death treatment battle, with their parents, Tom Evans and Kate James, trying to stop their doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" by the Italian ambassador and the Pope, to grant Alfie citizenship of Italy to take them for treatment at a hospital in Rome, failed on Monday.
A late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed their earlier decision permitting life-support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
Mr Justice Hayden, speaking to lawyers representing Alfie's parents and Alder Hey Hospital, said: "If there were a more constructive attitude from the family might other options become possible, away from Alder Hey?
"I'm not suggesting this, I don't want it to be taken as an indication from me.
"One of the things Tom Evans said, if it can't be Italy or Munich, which it cannot be, was whether they could take Alfie home."
(Image: PA)
At that point the court adjourned for an Alder Hey consultant in the courtroom to consider the matter.
Earlier on Tuesday Mr Evans claimed medics had been "gobsmacked" as their son continued to breathe for themselves after medical intervention was withdrawn at around 9.17pm on Monday.
But Mr Justice Hayden cut down Paul Diamond, representing the parents, as they began the family's appeal hearing.
Mr Diamond said: "This really is an appeal, in our submission for common humanity and common sense..."
(Image: PA)
The judge interjected: "I don't think it's helpful to use emotive terms. As a barrister confine yourself to the law."
Mr Diamond gave a witness statement from Mr Evans, taken on Tuesday, to the court suggesting their son's condition is "significantly better" than had been previously believed.
Mr Diamond said the child had been breathing unaided for 19 hours.
They continued: "We do have a human being..."
(Image: Mirror / Phil Harris)
Again the judge cut across him: "I don't need to be reminded we have a human being. You do not have the moral high ground in this court. It is treacherous terrain."
Alder Hey doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say they have a degenerative neurological condition destroying their brain, and it is in their best interests to withdraw life support, but their parents want to take them abroad for treatment.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
All legal avenues appeared to have been exhausted for the family until a further hearing by Mr Justice Hayden was announced earlier on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester.
The hearing continues.
Two civil rights groups want an end to the surveillance of Black activists, including those associated with the Black Lives Matter movement, as well as for an end to the FBI's silence on a mysterious “Race paper.”
Several heavily redacted federal documents — released through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the Color of Change and the Center for Constitutional Rights — detail extensive surveillance efforts by the FBI. One report reveals that the agency sent informants to track an activist during the 2014 BLM protests in Ferguson after Michael Brown‘s death. Federal agents also surveilled the homes and cars of people connected to the protests, according to the November 2014 emails and intelligence reports obtained by the civil rights groups and later provided to The Intercept.
Reportedly, the documents describe federal efforts to keep watch of activists of color that went beyond online intelligence gathering, including social media monitoring of protesters' activities.
Also released as a result of the lawsuit were several Departments of Homeland Security emails, which mentioned the existence of a document described as the “Race paper,” the subject of another lawsuit filed by the civil groups Monday. The paper may refer to a “framework for evaluating the alleged radicalization of black activists,” lawyers in the case said.
FBI tracked a Black Lives Matter activist as they travelled across the U.S., documents show https://t.co/6IMi3hXPrU by @georgejoseph94 @mazmhussain — The Intercept (@theintercept) March 19, 2018
“In the absence of an open review, we are left with the disturbing possibility that DHS is using an unsound, racialized framework to surveil protected speech and activism,” Omar Farah, a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights, told The Intercept. “If that's right, that is something the public desperately needs to know about.”
The federal documents don't directly mention Black Lives Matter, but they were released by the government as part of a request specifically about the movement, which has prompted federal surveillance and policing like other past movements for Black lives.
“What we have learned from history is that policies aimed at surveilling and harassing social movements among black people in the United States have never really ended.” https://t.co/QpgYurNRDU — The Intercept (@theintercept) March 19, 2018
The FBI denied that it surveilled people on the “basis of exercising their First Amendment rights” to The Intercept.
Documents in the case were also released after an FBI report on “Black Identity Extremist” groups came out last year. The Congressional Black Caucus criticized the report for wrongfully grouping together black groups into “one movement threatening law enforcement and public safety.”
Rashad Robinson, the executive director of Color of Change, said they hope the “war with Black activists” will end.
SEE ALSO:
A 70-Year-Old Man Screams At Black Flight Attendant, ‘I Don't Want Blacks Around Me!'
Viral Video Of Mom Beating Daughter Over Facebook Sexploits Highlights Double-Standard
We have seen Farhan Akhtar playing different kinds of roles in their films, be it light hearted Imraan Qureshi in Zindagi Naa Milegi Dobara or the Intense Milkha Singh in Bhaag Milkha Bhaag. The actor has always proved their versatility as an actor by delivering power packed performances in their films.
Now, Farhan will be seen in a completely new avatar in their upcoming film 'Lucknow Central'. Recently the trailer of Lucknow Central was released and Farhan Akhtar has nailed it completely with their performance in the trailer.
The film has Farhan portraying the character of a guy from Uttar Pradesh for the first time.  They are seen playing the role of Kishen Mohan Girhotra, who is an aspiring singer who idolizes Manoj Tiwari in the small town of Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh.Kishen's world turns upside down when they are falsely accused of a murder and is sent to Lucknow Central jail.The actor has left no stone unturned for getting into the skin of their character; the actor has got the dialect and nuances of people from Uttar Pradesh perfectly well.Presented by Nikkhil Advani, who has earlier won hearts with films like Airlift and D-day the film has got on board debutant director Ranjit Tiwari.Produced by Viacom18 Motion Pictures and Emmay Entertainment and Motion Pictures, the film is directed by Ranjit Tiwari, and is slated to release on 15th September 2017.
Police in Delta shared photos of an unusual traffic stop on Wednesday involving a speeding vehicle that appeared better equipped for the sea than the road.
The car was travelling at 130 km/h in an 80 km/h zone of South Fraser Perimeter Road – a full 30 knots over the speed limit, Delta police joked. It was covered in buoys, rope, cages and even a small boat motor mounted on the back.The captain of the nautically-inspired vessel was handed a fine for the excessive speed and the vehicle was impounded after officers deemed it “clearly unsafe to other drivers on the road.”
Police shared a photo of the vehicle on social media on Wednesday afternoon with the caption: “Check out the Delta Police #Catchof theDay. This driver ‘reeled' in a $368 ticket.”
The Facebook post has since been liked and shared hundreds of times.
Despite the light-hearted nature of the post, police are using the incident as a reminder about road safety.
“In all seriousness, due to the speed at which this vehicle was travelling and its condition, issuing a ticket and towing the vehicle was warranted and appropriate,” police said in the post. “This 'catch of the day' serves as a reminder to all drivers to obey the posted speed limit on all roads and highways.”
The car will have to go through a full inspection in order to regain its road-faring status.
Shondaland is coming to Netflix!
Shonda Rhimes, the mastermind behind hit TV franchises such as ‘Grey's Anatomy' and ‘How To Get Away With Murder' will be bringing their creative genius to the Netflix streaming platform.
Rhimes expressed their excitement about the opportunity, noting that Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer of Netflix, was a driving force in the decision.
“Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company. Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. They understood what I was looking for—the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation,” they said in the release.
The move will not effect their current standing series already on ABC–‘Scandal,' ‘How To Get Away With Murder,' and ‘Grey's Anatomy' will continue to air on the broadcast network.
Shonda joins a cohort of other Black creatives calling Netflix their home including Spike Lee and Marlon Wayans.
It's the beginning of a beautiful new relationship for Shondaland X Netflix.
RELATED LINKS
Shonda Rhimes Discusses Weight Loss, Says They Are Considered More ‘Valuable' To Others
Shonda Rhimes Joins National Board Of Planned Parenthood
Shonda Rhimes Named Creative Director Of Dove's Production Company
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Since its operational reopening on March 1, 2017, with members in 16 different countries and 26 offices, the new ARTHUR ANDERSEN network has been victim of many hostile actions and has been persistently denigrated by ANDERSEN TAX LLC representatives and their accomplices.
Some of the affiliated members of the ARTHUR ANDERSEN & Co. network, especially in the United States, in Brazil and in India, had to stop the use of the ARTHUR ANDERSEN & ANDERSEN brands in under the threat and the constant harassment of ANDERSEN TAX LLC.
The illegal actions carried out by ANDERSEN TAX LLC were exposed by the proceedings in France, India and in the United States, where forged documents aiming to mislead Courts, Professionals and National offices for trademarks were transmitted.
Considering these extremely serious illegal actions, that confirm the absence of any right legitimately acquired previously by ANDERSEN TAX LLC on the ARTHUR ANDERSEN and ANDERSEN notorious trademarks, the French company ARTHUR ANDERSEN & Co., upon instruction of its President, Mr Stéphane Laffont-Réveilhac, has seized: The Paris Court through direct criminal summons against Andersen Tax LLC and Mr Mark L. Vorsatz, and the Attorneys General in the United States (New York), India (Mumbai), Brasil (São Paulo) and the Netherlands Antilles (Willemstad, Curaçao).
All the civil and criminal actions will be engaged in these different jurisdictions against ANDERSEN TAX LLC, its representatives, and in general, all their accomplices, including some lawyers and liquidators, with the following criminal qualifications: criminal conspiracy, organized fraud, forgery and use of forged documents.
"ANDERSEN TAX LLC directors has openly cheated and lied, to the detriment of the public, some Judges, the Arthur Andersen's alumni, their own employees and affiliated members. Such conducts are offensive and inexcusable. That's the opposite of ARTHUR ANDERSEN's historical values. The difficulties that we are facing will only make our network stronger. We are fighting this situation united with our Members, with courage, humbleness and determination. We are free and most of all proud of the work we are doing in order to regain the excellence of ARTHUR ANDERSEN worldwide. We are continuing our relentless efforts to rebuild the network.", said Stéphane Laffont-Réveilhac, President of ARTHUR ANDERSEN & Co.
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & Co. 121 Avenue des Champs-Elysées 75008 Paris - France THINK STRAIGHT. TALK STRAIGHT.
www.arthurandersenco.com
Willie Mullins pitches three horses into Tuesday's €100,000 Fairyhouse feature but ground conditions could see them trumped by an old pal.
James Nash spent six years as Mullins's stable amateur and famously rode Florida Pearl to their first ever success in bumper.
Now based on the Curragh, Nash's own training career has seen them strike across the codes from Your Busy's 2014 Kerry National victory to Stakes success on the flat for Luisant.
Earlier this month the exciting two year old T For Tango indicated Royal Ascot potential when making a winning debut at Naas but it is My Manekineko who will be the focus of Nash's attention in the featured Glascarn Handicap Hurdle.
The eight year old has been a stable stalwart in recent years and will be having their 52nd career start today.
That they were able to get within less than nine lengths of Rashaan in a Grade Two Hurdles at Down Royal in November was initially used as a stick to beat that form although the subsequent exploits of Apple's Jade and Petit Mouchoir ultimately cast it in a different light.
Unlike Mullins's two top-weights, Ivan Grozny and Thomas Hobson, My Manekineko has never had any aspirations to be anything other than a handicapper although given good ground they are a highly effective one and circumstances look to be in their favour at Fairyhouse.
“He's best going right-handed on good ground and they have a lovely racing weight (9.13.) They ran at Dundalk and ran too free but that should have put them right for this race,” said Nash.
First start
That Dundalk effort was My Manekineko's first start since New Year's Day when their ability on a sound surface was confirmed once again with a good run behind Superb Story at Musselburgh.
They can advertise their trainer's versatility ahead of what could prove an exciting flat campaign with T For Tango who had champion jockey Pat Smullen singing their praises after a fine debut.
“He'll go back to Naas on May 21st (Royal Ascot Trials Day) for a Listed race (Rochestown Stakes) over the same course and distance,” said Nash.
“Ascot is the dream and the boys (HLT Partnership) would love to have a runner there. Let's hope they make it,” they added.
Tuesday's other valuable pot is the €55,000 novice handicap hurdle final in which Mullins has three more hopefuls headed by Bargy Lady while JP McManus will also have a trio carrying their colours.
The French recruit Sire Du Berlais is an interesting candidate on their second start now that he's upped to three miles but softer ground could suit them better.
Most of Bargy Lady's form is on very testing conditions, including their easy maiden success last time. However they did run a reasonable race behind Toe The Line on good going and the step up to three miles could bring significant improvement.
Patrick Mullins will aim to boost their chances against Jamie Codd in the race for the amateur rider's title when they team up with Dawn In The Park in the mares bumper.
They will also carry the Coolmore colours in the finale as On Raglan Road makes their debut. Codd will be on board the hurdles placed Cracking Smart.
The concluding act of ‘Grand National Season' will be at Ayr on Saturday with the Coral Scottish National where Co Antrim-based trainer Stuart Crawford could have two runners in Fine Rightly and Baby Bach.
They are among 40 left in after the five-day stage while Patrick Griffin could also be doubly represented with Portrait King and Man With Van.
Last year's winner Vicente is on target to run again while Nicky Henderson has the ante-post favourite, Premier Bond.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2953","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833187","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2953","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833187","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2953","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833187","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2953","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833187","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Why I gave Justice Yinusa N750,000 – Nwobike, SAN
A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN, Joseph Nwobike, has explained why they transferred N750, 000 to a serving federal judge, Justice Nasiru Yinusa. They insisted that the money was to help the judge pay for their mother's medical treatment and bribe. Nwobike said this Wednesday at their ongoing corruption trial before an Ikeja division of […]
Why I gave Justice Yinusa N750,000 – Nwobike, SAN
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Enna Broke Them Silence When Richa Sharma Left Sanjay Dutt
Sanjay tied knot with Richa Sharma in 1987 and the latter gave up their filmy career for Sanjay Dutt. But, their love story soon turned kaput as Richa was diagnosed with cancer and was taken to the US for treatment. After three years of treatment, Richa returned to India but they were left heartbroken when they came to know about Sanjay-Madhuri's affair.
Richa Wanted Them Marriage To Work
After returning, they also gave an interview where they expressed their wish of getting back with their husband, "We've been apart for so long, we're not totally in tune with each other. But it is nothing serious, we can overcome it.
I did ask Sanjay if they were going to divorce me and they said absolutely not. As for me, I don't want a divorce. I've come down because I want to be with them again."
After 15 Days Richa Returned To New York & Gave A Shocking Statement
They were quoted as saying, "I love them (Sanjay Dutt) with all my heart. Whatever happens, I will always stand by him. They treated me very shabbily when I came down to meet him."
Richa Sharma's Sister Enna Sharma Exposed Sanjay-Madhuri's Affair
In an interview with CineBlitz in December 1992, Enna Sharma blamed Madhuri for their sister's separation with Sanjay Dutt and was quoted as saying, "Madhuri is so inhuman...I mean Madhuri can get any man they want. How can they go for a man who's behaved in such a way with their wife?"
Enna On Madhuri Dixit & Sanjay Dutt
"I know they are good friends because he's called them from our house. And they do talk to their brother and their sister here. But we never looked at it as if 'okay the guy's involved with Madhuri'. We're very open, we've always given Sanjay their space."
On The Other Side, Sanjay Refused To Acknowledge Their Love For Madhuri
Speaking of their alleged affair with Madhuri Dixit, Sanjay Dutt had told, "There has to be something on between us for me to marry them They were friendly from day one because they were not Madhuri - the star when I first worked with her."
Ahem! Ahem!
They also added, "I wish I had a scene going on with Madhuri. But I don't!"
Richa Also Took A Dig At Them Hubby For Their Casanova Image
In 1993 Sanjay Dutt filed for divorce and interestingly, that very year, they got arrested under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act. Madhuri reportedly cut off all contact post these controversies.
Richa had then said in an interview, "At every point in their life, they need someone they can lean on emotionally. Like they were dependent on Madhuri. Now that they have ditched him, they are going to be a shattered man."
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled "Hot Day in Kensington Market," is one of 21 works in Kurelek's "Toronto" series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, "Hauling Hay," fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece "Smokestacks, Copper Cliff" sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick fired off a bizarre email in 2013 to hundreds of employees where they listed the conditions under which they could have sex with each other at a company outing in Miami, among other off-color comments, according to reports.
Recode obtained an email Thursday that has become infamous in the company as the “Miami letter.” In the email, Kalanick allegedly started off by telling their staff that they had to read it or “I'll kick your ass.”
“Do not have sex with another employee UNLESS a) you have asked that person for that privilege and they have responded with an emphatic ‘YES! I will have sex with you' AND b) the two (or more) of you do not work in the same chain of command. Yes, that means that Travis will be celibate on this trip,” Kalanick wrote in the email.
The email surfaced as Uber weathers a series of scandals related to the company's allegedly toxic culture.
On Tuesday, Uber fired 20 employees after launching a probe into accusations of sexual harassment and gender discrimination. The company retained a lawyer for the investigation when former employee Susan J. Fowler wrote a viral blog post about how Uber ignored complaints from them and other female workers.
In a separate incident, a senior executive was fired on Wednesday after Recode reported that they allegedly obtained the medical records of a woman who was raped by an Uber driver in India.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
While we are revving our engine for the start of full-fledged 2018 football coverage today seems like a good time to review the rosters for the 2018 Sertoma 8-Man All-Star Classic scheduled for Sat...
President Xi Jinping has named a phalanx of senior allies to a revamped cabinet including appointing their trusted adviser Liu They as vice-premier responsible for the economy, and the US-educated Yi Gang as central bank chief.
The cabinet appointments on the penultimate day of the largely ceremonial National People's Congress show Mr Xi has now achieved dominance over policy-making and installed themselves at the core of the ruling Communist Party.
On Saturday, Mr Xi was unanimously re-elected president of China, having earlier abolished the two-term limit on leadership in China, allowing themselves to rule indefinitely.
Four vice-premiers were announced, including Hu Chunhua, party chief of the southern province of Guangdong, who visited Ireland last year at the head of a large delegation.
The most senior appointment was of Liu He, a long-standing friend of Mr Xi, who is rumoured to have been a close friend since they were teenagers during the wilderness years of the Cultural Revolution.
They will take the lead on overall economic policy, with help from premier Li Keqiang, while Wang Qishan, who was named vice-president at the parliament, is likely to act as a special envoy handling the Trump administration and trying to offset a possible trade war.
Mr Xi will also call upon the Harvard-educated Liu for advice on overall economic policy direction, with a focus on trimming debt as well as modernisation and reform of the financial sector.
After working in academia in China, they worked as a government official in various departments before moving to the US, where they did a Masters degree in public administration.
Debt problem
Their CV includes senior positions in the top planning agency the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the State Information Centre.
Mr Yi has strong international links and their appointment as governor of the People's Bank of China is evidence of commitment to redouble efforts to clean up the financial sector and bring monetary policy into line with global norms.
Mr Yi was deputy to the outgoing Zhou Xiaochuan for more than 10 years and their ascendancy is also a sign of continuity. The biggest challenge of their new role will be dealing with China's debt problem. The country's debt-to-output ratio is more than 300 per cent.
“The main task is that we should implement prudent monetary policy, push forward the reform and opening-up of the financial sector, and maintain the stability of the entire financial sector,” said Mr Yi at the Great Hall of the People in downtown Beijing after their appointment.
Mr Yi has a business degree from Hamline University in St Paul, Minnesota, before doing their PhD at University of Illinois and teaching as a professor at Indiana University.  They are a fluent English speaker.
During their record 15-year term, Mr Zhou won kudos for their management of the PBoC during the global financial crisis and their success at bringing the country's yuan currency to reserve-currency status.
At the foreign ministry, Wang Yi was elevated to the state council, while holding on to their current ministerial post, giving them the country's two top diplomat roles.
They have been foreign minister since 2013 and was previously ambassador to Tokyo and speaks fluent Japanese. They have also led China's Taiwan Affairs Office.
Other appointments include Wei Fenghe as defence minister. This is essentially a figurehead position as power in the military lies with the Central Military Commission, of which Mr Xi is head. Mr Wei was also named as a state councillor.
Lu Hao, a rising star in the Communist Party firmament, will take over a new ministry of natural resources.
The NPC ends with a news conference in the Great Hall of the People on Tuesday.
--
Divining Rod
Sir: Please congratulate Rod Liddle on being the only commentator who accurately forecast the uncertain general election result (‘This is the worst Tory campaign ever', 27 May). Their prediction of the ‘stickiness' of the Labour vote and the likelihood that Ukippers would return to the Conservatives in the south, where they mostly were not needed, were especially prescient. Mr Liddle goes to show that instinct, common sense and a sceptical nous are worth more than all the pseudoscience of polling. Well done him. Poor old us!
Dr Barry Moyse
North Petherton, Somerset
Our lefty deplorables
Sir: An astonishing 41 per cent of the British electorate voted for Jeremy Corbyn to become prime minister. Last year in the US, Hillary Clinton unwisely spoke in public about the ‘deplorables'. But they were on to something, and the general election result has shown that we have plenty of our own ‘deplorables' — they're just concentrated on the left rather than the right. Corbyn is truly our Trump, even if they didn't secure power. British politics looks set to become as bitterly polarised as American politics, and our head of government as weakened as the US President. What a shambles.
Jeremy Stocker
Willoughby, Warwickshire
Post-truth Pilate
Sir: Roger Scruton (‘Post-truth, pure nonsense', 10 June) states that the theories of Marx and Foucault are partly responsible for the erosion of the distinction between facts and fabrications. But the seed of the post-truth mindset was sown much earlier. Jesus tells Pontius Pilate that They have come into the world to ‘bear witness to the truth' (John 18:37). (Note that They says ‘the truth', not any old subjective truth.) Jesus adds, ‘Everyone who is of the truth hears My voice.' Pilate responds with the famous rhetorical words, ‘What is truth?' That, with its deliberate indefinite, is where it all went wrong.
John O'Byrne
Dublin
How to boost trade
Sir: Martin Vander Weyer (Any other business, 10 June) is right that ‘sending token civil-servants-turned-salespersons' to nine trade commissions scattered round the world will not rejuvenate Britain's sluggish exports. We have had UK trade and investment spending of £400 million or so for each of the last 25 years to little effect. Civil servants do not understand business, let alone exporting, but still presume to tell small companies how to do it.
In essence, we have too many grandees and too few practical advisers making the commercial links exporters need. The British Chambers of Commerce could take care of the UK side of the equation; and overseas, our embassies would benefit from a mass exodus of all those Brits bored with trade. The people best placed to make local connections are local people.
For big companies, missions are indeed important and that needs ministers and senior civil servants both in the UK and in our embassies — but that would still leave Britain's international trade HQ far smaller than it is now. In short, we need a major revamp, not nine new commissioners.
Tim Ambler
Senior Fellow, Adam Smith Institute, London SW1
Newshounds
Sir: Luminous was a worthy champion at the Surrey Union Hound Show, as Charles Moore points out (Notes, 10 June). Our hound, Dragon, was reserve champion, but no hard feelings. At the South of England Hound Show on election day, our hounds won Best Couple Entered Dog Hounds. In the light of events, events, events, their names too had poignancy: ‘Mascot', but more especially, ‘Mandate'.
Robin Muir MFH
Chiddingfold, Leconfield & Cowdray Hunt, Petworth, West Sussex
Blame the teachers
Sir: Ross Clark's otherwise excellent article (‘Generation wars', 10 June) does not credit the role of our schools in creating a generation which is prepared to vote for Jeremy Corbyn. As a case in point, my wife's daughter attended until recently an ordinary sixth-form college in Southampton. As part of their education, the sociology department offered a school trip to Cuba. The English teacher railed against studying the work of dead white men, and instead prescribed racist poetry written by a black woman. The history teacher told their students that Ukip are like the Nazis, despite clearly being aware of the Nazis' race-baiting, street-fighting and militaristic rise to power, which is in stark contrast to Ukip's policies.
If we do not address the prevailing leftist dogma in our schools, we risk having to relearn first-hand the lesson of the 20th century that extreme socialist policies are not a source of hope, but a cause of impoverishment and misery.
Richard North
Hayling Island, Hampshire
Solace at Horse Guards
Sir: I read with sorrow about Andrew Roberts's understandable disappointment when they revisited the National Army Museum after its recent makeover (The Heckler, 3 June). Sic transit gloria mundi.
May I suggest they seek solace by popping over to the unique, if smaller, Household Cavalry Museum at Horse Guards — a gem among military museums, and unique because it's actually in Horse Guards itself, a living museum with a large window looking into the stables behind, where you can see the horses of the Queen's Lifeguard at rest in a scene that hasn't changed for 357 years. They could also delight in seeing such objects as the Earl of Uxbridge's cork leg after Waterloo, and other fascinating militaria. No maudlin introspection — their only ‘challenge' will be how to tear themselves away.
Jeremy Harbord
Devizes, Wiltshire
Remember when everyone thought Bella Hadid was seen kissing The Weeknd at a Coachella party and they were like "LOL, no"? Well, on the topic of speculating about Bella's relationship status (It's what people do best! Apparently!), Page Six reports that they were seen swapping numbers with up-and-coming rapper Kyle.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A source at the Bootsy Bellows Pool Party says "Bella was seen flirting and exchanging numbers with a young mystery partygoer, who turned out to be Kyle."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kyle played Coachella with Chance the Rapper, and has their debut album out next month. "He's kind of an guy in music right now," a source tells Page Six. "It for sure looked flirty. Bella was being very flirty that day . . . They were on a mission."
Okay, saying Bella was on a "mission" to talk to a stranger seems a little extra (she has other things to do with their time, probably!), but this is, indeed, intriguing. Also, Kyle is following Bella on Insta, so....
Refugee mother remembers their 3-year-old daughter
Bifitw Kadir remembers their only child, 3-year-old daughter Ruya Kadir. They were among six children and three adults stabbed at their birthday party Saturday, June 30 and died the next day.
President Barack Obama still hasn't learned the classic First Rule of Holes: When you're in one, stop digging. Up to their earlobes in failed stimulus grants and tainted federal loan guarantees, the shoveler in chief tunneled forward last week on their latest Government Loans to Nowhere bill. Their willful ignorance is America's abyss.
Little noticed in the White House jobs-for-cronies proposal is a provision creating yet another corruption-friendly “government corporation” that would dole out public infrastructure loans and loan guarantees.
Because, you know, the government-chartered, political hack-stacked Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac “public-private partnerships” — which have incurred an estimated $400 billion in losses while enriching bipartisan Beltway operatives — worked out so well for American taxpayers.
The new monstrosity, dubbed the American Infrastructure Financing Authority, would “provide direct loans and loan guarantees to facilitate investment in economically viable infrastructure projects of regional or national significance,” according to the White House plan.
Obama would have the power to appoint AIFA's chief executive officer and a seven-member board of directors. No doubt the nominees would include the likes of AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka on the left and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on the right — strange Obama bedfellows that have formed a Big Labor-Big Business-Big Government alliance supporting Obama's infrastructure slush fund.
In addition, a new bureaucracy to support AIFA would be created, including a “chief lending officer” in charge of “all functions of AIFA relating to the development of project pipeline, financial structuring of projects, selection of infrastructure projects”; the “creation and management of a Center for Excellence to provide technical assistance to public sector borrowers in the development and financing of infrastructure projects”; and creation and funding of “an Office of Rural Assistance to provide technical assistance in the development and financing of rural infrastructure projects.”
In its first two years, AIFA would rake in $10 billion in congressional appropriations, $20 billion over the next seven years and $50 billion per fiscal year after that. How would Obama ensure the loan review process is protected from special interest favor-trading and White House meddling? If the ongoing, half-billion-dollar stimulus-funded Solyndra solar company loan debacle is any indication, the answer is: not very well.
And consider Obama's naked partisan stunt Thursday at the Brent Spence Bridge connecting Republican House Speaker John Boehner's home state of Ohio and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's home state of Kentucky. “There's no reason for Republicans in Congress to stand in the way of more construction projects. There's no reason to stand in the way of more jobs,” they railed. “Mr. Boehner, Mr. McConnell, help us rebuild this bridge. Help us rebuild America. Help us put this country back to work. Pass this jobs bill right away!”
While they have high-mindedly called on “Washington” (as if they aren't at the center of it) to put country over politics, they continue to use tax dollars to travel the country for campaign events assailing Republicans in front of decrepit bridges that wouldn't see a dime of their “immediate” jobs bill money for years. If ever.
The point was made not by evil GOP obstructionists, but by the local Cincinnati Enquirer newspaper, which pointed out that the Brent Spence Bridge is not named in Obama's jobs bill, has no guarantee of funding in the jobs bill, and “is still in the preliminary engineering and environmental clearance phase. In a best-case scenario, the earliest that workers would be hired would be in 2013, but more likely 2015.”
It gets worse. Obama's infrastructure loan corps wouldn't just oversee bridge loans to nowhere. The AIFA board would get to dispense billions and score political points for their favorite photo-op-ready roads, mass transit, inland waterways, commercial ports, airports, air traffic control systems, passenger rail, high-speed rail, freight rail, wastewater treatment facilities, storm water management systems, dams, solid-waste disposal facilities, drinking water treatment facilities, levees, power transmission and distribution, storage and energy-efficiency enhancements for buildings.
As I reported in my Tuesday column, a separate $6 billion “private nonprofit corporation” would be created by the Obama jobs plan to oversee the “Public Safety Broadband Corporation.” The panel would consist of 11 board members and four Obama administration officials. It, too, would be tasked with choosing winners and losers. Instead of local and state governments overseeing construction, this new federally created investing entity would “hold the single public safety wireless license granted under section 281 and take all actions necessary to ensure the building, deployment, and operation of a secure and resilient nationwide public safety interoperable broadband network.”
Given recent bombshell revelations of White House pressure on military and government officials to promote Obama's old broadband cronies at shady LightSquared Inc., the idea of empowering a new Obama bureaucracy to dole out more broadband contracts in the name of “public safety” is unsettling at best. Deeper and deeper we go.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and their Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Click here for more information. They can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow them on Twitter: @michellemalkin.
Busta Ryhmes is known for their fast paced lyrics on a lot of the songs they do. They just dropped a new song titled “Get It” and fans will definitely rock out to this. The song features Missy Elliott and Kelly Rowland on the song and it's all about getting money and changing the game.
Follow @TheRSMS
In the song Rowland's vocals shine and Elliott's verse is genius. The beat during several parts of the song changes and it makes you want to get up and dance. Busta Rhymes hasn't mentioned that they are doing an album, but we are them for this song.
RELATED: What Happened When Cardi B Met Missy Elliott [VIDEO]
RELATED: Missy Elliott To Be Honored At Essence 2018 “Black Women In Music” Awards
RELATED: Ms. Juicy Sings A Special Rendition Of “Work It” By Missy Elliott [EXCLUSIVE]
The Latest:
Carson Wentz's magical sophomore season is officially over. The Eagles announced Monday that he'd miss the rest of the season after tearing their ACL against the Rams on Sunday. The injury has created a whole host of questions. Let's try our best to answer them all…
1. How much will the Eagles offense change?
Based on Doug Pederson's postgame comments, not much. They said the coaching staff has confidence that Nick Foles can run this system and that the play-calling did not change when Wentz went out. And why would it? Foles knows Pederson's system, having played in Andy Reid's offense last year in Kansas City. And the Eagles run a lot of the same concepts we saw Chip Kelly run during their time with Foles in Philly. Sure, the Eagles won't be able to feature them in the run game like they did with Wentz, but that's really the only change you can expect going forward.
2. Can Foles be as good as Wentz, or at least close to it?
Probably not, but when it comes to just pure passing, these two are a lot more similar than you probably realize. Both see the field well and get through their progressions. They're both aggressive. They both have some footwork issues that lead to overthrows. The biggest difference is Wentz has a better arm (Foles' arm is OK) and they can obviously do more with these feet. That's where the Eagles will really miss Wentz: The plays they make outside of the system. Foles should not have a problem replicating what Wentz has done within in the structure of Philly's offense, but that isn't what makes Wentz special.
3. So are the Eagles done this season?
Not necessarily. They'll have to lean on the run game a little more. The defense will have to continue to play at a high level. And the offensive line will have to give Foles the same kind of protection it gave Wentz throughout the season. We've seen Foles not only play well in the right system with good players around him, but we've seen them thrive in that situation. 27-2 ring a bell? Pederson runs a smart offensive scheme and the Eagles are loaded with talent. They're still a threat in the playoffs if Foles plays well.
4. Is Colin Kaepernick an option?
If Wentz had gone down in, say, October, then signing Kaepernick would have made a lot of sense. They have experience in a West Coast scheme having played under Jim Harbaugh and he'd allow the Eagles to keep running those read option designs. It's also worth noting that Kaepernick looked like a superstar when playing behind a great line, a luxury he'd have in Philadelphia and one they haven't enjoyed since Harbaugh left San Francisco. But it's probably be too late for the Eagles to kick the tires on Kaepernick now. He'd have only afew weeks to get acclimated with the playbook and their new teammates. But if they can pick up the offense over the next few weeks, it would definitely give the Eagles a boost in the playoffs.
5. Will Wentz be the same QB when they come back?
This is a tricky one to answer. Wentz is clearly a tough guy — they threw a touchdown with a torn ACL, after all — but you have to wonder how a serious injury like this will affect their mentality in the pocket. Will they be willing to hang in the pocket and make tough throws as they did all season? Will they be as elusive as was before the injury? Wentz isn't a quarterback who relies on their athleticism, but it is a big part of their game. Based on what we've seen from other quarterbacks who have suffered ACL injuries, mobile quarterbacks have a much more difficult time coming back from them. We have no idea if Wentz will be capable of adjusting until we see it, but we do know adjustments will have to be made.
Highlights Hearken is an ancient English word which means 'to listen'
The staff that serves you is aurally challenged and cannot hear you
They organised a lot of events to interact with different people
Photo Credit: Facebook/Hearken Cafe
We live in a noisy world. Every tick on that clock is a step forward. There's no stopping. The world is moving faster and faster every day and we need to keep up with it. 7:30 A.M, time to wake up, freshen up, have breakfast , drive through the crazy traffic and reach office just in time, start working, but wait a minute – your boss walks in with all the rambling, but eh, you're used to it, back to work and just like that it's 6 P.M. Already? We get so lost in this cacophony that we often forget how to listen to ourselves. Let's sit back and relax. Take a break. Pause. Hearken is an ancient English word which means ‘to listen'. In a chaotic world, Hearken Café gives you a getaway. It's not just another place for coffee; it offers a lot more.Somewhere between the hustle and bustle of the lanes of Shahpur Jat lies this quaint café. The one thing that makes this place so special is that when you enter, no matter how many languages you already know, this café will teach you a new one and that's the Sign Language. The space is managed and run by aurally challenged people. The employees here can't hear you but will make you feel at home with their heartwarming smiles and their hospitality. Every category in the menu ( Pizza , Pasta etc.) carries a sign alongside, depicting a certain hand movement. All the dishes are numbered for the convenience of the customers to be able to communicate with the employees. Over and above the wonderful feeling of entering a completely different and beautiful environment, the food served is absolutely delicious. Their specialties include fresh pizzas, delicious pastas, and refreshing pita bread and hummus; what more can you ask for?But wait, there's more. This café is a co-working space where people can get a peaceful environment to indulge themselves in their work completely and also enjoy free Wi-Fi facilities. Various events like poetry readings, comedy nights, and dance and yoga workshops are organized here frequently where you get a chance to interact with all kinds of people. The most beautiful experience offered has to be the sign language classes organized here that take place every Tuesday from 5:30 P.M. to 6:30 P.M and allow you to become a part of this lovely family. These classes are open to all, just walk in.According to World Health Organization , over 5% of the world's population (360 million people) has disabling hearing loss and these classes help in breaking the language barrier which these differently-abled people experience quite often in their lives.It's not just a café; it's a way of life. Take a break and give yourself a little treat. You deserve it. Take time out for yourself. Walk in here and you won't need words to understand; listen to others, listen to your own heart. Don't let yourself get lost in life's insane noise. And food always helps, right? You'll leave with a happy tummy as well as a happy heart, it's a promise.₹900 for two people (approx.)11 A.M. to 11 P.M.5th Floor, 119- Sishan House, Shahpur Jat, New Delhi+91 9990226677, +91 9873080047
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Construction and property services group Willmott Dixon is opening a new office in Birmingham city centre.
The company has taken 4,000 sq ft on a nine-year lease on the first floor of One Snowhill but will retain its West Midlands headquarters in Coleshill.
Established in 1852, Willmott Dixon is today one of the UK's biggest construction companies, employing more than 3,500 people with a turnover of £1 billion.
In Birmingham, it has been involved in a number of major projects, including the construction of Birmingham City University's new £150 million city centre campus at Eastside and the £18 million refurbishment of The Lewis Building, in Bull Street.
Deputy managing director Nick Gibb said: "The office at One Snowhill will provide us with an operational space in the heart of Birmingham, close to many of our partners, suppliers and customers."
Liz Bailey, from the office agency team at CBRE which advised Willmott Dixon, added: "Willmott Dixon is part of a growing trend of businesses seeking high-quality accommodation in the city centre where there is easy access to transport links, both for business and commuting, and a range of amenities available on the doorstep.
"There is a real buzz and hive of activity in Birmingham and businesses want to be part of it. It's great that a company of Willmott Dixon's calibre will be in the city centre."
Savills acted for the landlord Union Investment Real Estate.
Win: A grand prize trip to the fifth annual We Can Survive show at the historic Hollywood Bowl.
Contest Ends: Sunday, October 8, 2017
Listen to Y98 and follow the directions below for your chance to win the grand prize of a trip to the fifth annual We Can Survive show at the historic Hollywood Bowl on Saturday, October 21. This year, the show features its biggest line-up yet with performances by Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk, Sam Hunt and Sam Smith.
Learn more about We Can Survive, here.
WHEN AND HOW CAN LISTENERS WIN
1. Friday (10/6) through Sunday (10/8), listen at 8a-9a, noon-1p, & 4p-5p
2. Listen at those times to hear the unique code word
3. Once you have heard that playtime's unique code word, text that code word to short code 80787
or head to wecansurvive.com/contest to enter the unique code word
5. One randomly selected nationwide entrant will win the trip for two during each play period
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Sunday, October 8, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
By Chioma Gabriel, Emeka Mamah, Ugochukwu Alaribe & Dennis Agbo
ENUGU—AS the October 1 deadline for quit notice extended to the Igbo residing in parts of Northern Nigeria by Arewa youths draws nearer, the South East Governors have reassured Ndigbo in every part of Nigeria that they are on top of the situation and should not panic or feel threatened.
This is as Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State yesterday said that any form of war will cost the Igbo N3 trillion both in properties and assets, adding that Igbos are being deceived by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, that they will drive away Nigeria and give the people Biafra.
The Governors said they were determined to ensure that the lives and property of every Igbo in Nigeria are protected.
They also resolved to take the Independent Power plant in Aba, Abia state, Geometric power, as model for power integration in the zone.
The resolutions were parts of the outcome of the meeting of South East Governors' Forum that took place in Enugu, yesterday.
The Governors also noted that the forum has thrown it's weight behind the scheduled November 18 governorship election in Anambra state to ensure that the election is conducted peacefully and successfully.
Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Ebonyi state, Chief David Umahi, who addressed newsmen after the meeting also said they resolved to establish five Gas plants in the zone, emulating Shell BP model in Abia State.
Umahi said: “The Geometric power company made a presentation to us on Aba power plant and we commend them very highly for bringing the project up to 99 percent. Of course, they have completed the project, they are just renovating some of the injection stations of the plant and we have adopted that power plant as a model for our regional integration.
“We commend them and we throw our weight behind the success of that project.
“In the same vein, we commend the Shell and their partner in the Gas project at Asa, Abia State and we as Governors of the South East states have proposed to build five mega industrial clusters, one in each state and we have signified interest to benefit from this Asa Gas project and so we have set up a committee to liaise with all the stakeholders in this respect, and I can assure you that this will assist the South East very highly.
“We have also as a people at South East Governors Forum, thrown our weight behind November 2017 governorship election in Anambra State, and appeal to all stakeholders to ensure that we have a very peaceful election in Anambra State.”
Okorocha warns against another civil war
Okorocha spoke even as two Igbo groups, the Igbo Peoples Congress and the Igbo Aborigines have written to the Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS; African Union, AU and the United Nations, UN, over the spewing of hate songs and speech from unknwon sources in the North and which is spreading like wild fire in the entire North.
Speaking when they gave 16 newly-recognized traditional rulers in the state their respective Staff of Office and Certificates of Recognition, Okorocha regretted that even when the cloud is gathering storm over IPOB activities, those who should be talking like traditional rulers, leaders and pastors have chosen to keep mute.
The governor also hinted at the event that pensioners in the state will be paid their arrears in full next week,, stating that their administration would continue to work and take steps that would ensure that pensioners in the state are paid as at and when due.
Their words: “The cloud is gathering storm, nobody is talking. Even our traditional rulers, pastors and leaders, are keeping quiet. This is bad for our people. If you remember vividly, during the civil war, it was a similar story. That was how it all started. At that time, we believed that the Ohafia warriors will be able to fight and eliminate the North.
“Now we are being deceived that IPOB will drive away Nigeria and give us Biafra. Our pastors, men of God and some leaders in the rural areas are not speaking out against this action and the song of war is coming gradually like a desert encroachment. We fought the war and it was believed that the Igbo will learn from it but they still went ahead, developing the resources of other regions.
“There are five million Igbos living outside the shores of Igbo land. Any form of war will cause them over three trillion naira loss in properties and assets. No sane person will spread the message of war because it does not benefit the Igbo in any way. I urge you traditional rulers to speak against it and educate our people on the true state of things. Igbo need to build a bridge of unity across the nation.”
Igbo groups write ECOWAS, AU, UN
The Igbo Peoples Congress and the Igbo Aborigines in their letters called on ECOWAS, AU and UN to intervene in the Igbo situation now before it is too late as it happened in Rwanda in 1994.
They called on the Federal Government, InterPol and Northern leaders to get to the root of the matter.
“This is how it started in the 60s and before one knew it, it had snowballed into the genocide against Easterners between May and October, 1966 and the horrendous civil war that followed,” they said.
The groups however called on Ndigbo, Easterners and Southerners in the North to remain vigilant while Middle Beltans should also be wary.
They noted that no other race is more pan-Nigerian than Igbos and those now paying lips service to Nigeria unity were the same people whose forebears at every point before independence sought to secede from Nigeria unless the nation was built on their own terms and who, even after the July 29, 1966 putsch shouted and insisted on ‘Arabah' (secession) until the British advised them against it.
The groups' position were signed by Pastor Okey Colbert for the Igbo Peoples Congress and Mazi Chidi Obisike for the Igbo Aborigines.
Anti-Igbo song, wake-up call to Ndigbo — Group
Meantime, a pro-Biafra group, Biafra Liberation Council, BLC, has said the anti-Igbo message being circulated in the North is a wake-up to Ndigbo living in other parts of Nigeria.
The group stated the hate song points to the inevitable crisis which would cause implosion among the component units of the federation, and urged Ndigbo not to be caught unawares.
In a statement signed by the Admin Secretary of BLC, Austin-Mary Ndukwu, the group warned those fanning the embers of hatred against Ndigbo that the Rwanda genocide, which took place in 1994 started through hate messages between the Tutsis and Hutus ethnic groups and assured that Ndigbo would never be intimidated by the hate messages.
Are you detail oriented and experienced in customer service?
Castle Rock Medical Center is looking for a part-time Receptionist.
Applications available online here.
Position Responsibilities
Responsible for checking patients in and out
Taking messages
Making appointments
.
Position Requirements
Must be detail oriented
Able to multi-task
Comfortable using a computer
Customer service experience is preferred.
To Apply
Employment applications are available at 1400 Uinta Drive in Green River and online at crhd.org.
Follow Castle Rock Medical Center on Facebook here.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers fans are planning a heroes' welcome for the Championship champions outside Molineux this weekend.
A supporter driven idea has gathered pace on social media to form a guard of honour for the team bus ahead of Saturday's match against Sheffield Wednesday.
It is the final home fixture of a quite remarkable season and Wolves fans want to salute Nuno Espirito Santo's men with a "sea of gold and black" in Waterloo Road.
In recent weeks Wolves have clinched promotion, and landed the Championship title and will be presented with the trophy after Saturday's game.
As well as the celebrations inside the stadium, thew jubilant Molineux faithful are determined to party outside before the match.
For Saturday home games this season, the team coach has usually arrived about 1.30pm and has headed down Waterloo Road from the ring road.
Back on the April 7, Wolves fan Marc Evans tweeted out suggesting that supporters should welcome the bus on the final home game of the season.
At the time, their tweet got over 500 likes and since then, their idea has really gained momentum, with many fans taking to social media to say they'll be part of the heroes' reception.
Marc said: "Last Wolves home game of the season against Sheffield Wednesday, let's get as many fans as possible to fill up the Waterloo Road for when the coach arrives at the ground to show our appreciation to Nuno and the boys for giving us the best season. A sea of gold and black."
Here's what other Wolves fans had to say about it:
Kate Wright: I'm bursting with pride for this fantastic team. It's only right that we honour them a hero's welcome before their last home game of the season.
Mark Green: With the filth and passion they've blown us away with week in week out this season a guard of honour as they arrive from the fans is a fitting tribute of respect and love.
(Image: Georgie Croft)
Jon Hancock: What better way to finish off the season than standing side by side with friends and thanking the whole team for what they have given us this season. They have bought the pack back together.
Phil Bradley: This has been far and away the best season I've seen from Wolves since my first game in 1981.
This is our chance to thank the players and coaching staff for their part in that. Line the streets with a sea of colour and noise ahead of the presentation of the trophy.
It's also a chance for those who've not been able to get tickets to pop along and play their part as well”
Ian Powell: We always show our appreciation for the team we love, but this season I feel we got some of the love back. One man above all has demonstrated this week in week out with their love for the fans. Nuno will be forever in our hearts and this will be just one of many of our demonstrations of thanks to this beautiful man.
MORE WOLVES NEWS
Gareth Southgate has admitted that he'll be keeping an eye on Conor Coady in the Premier League - and if the Wolves sweeper can continue their sparkling form there could be an England call up on the cards.
Coady has been something of an unsung hero this season as Wanderers stormed to the Championship title - unless you're a fan who appreciates their work week in, week out.
Nuno Espirito Santo has fashioned the Scouser into a player who sits in between Willy Boly and Ryan Bennett (or Danny Batth) and it's a role Coady has taken to with aplomb.
Their efforts were also recognised when they were named in the division's team of the year recently, along with teammates John Ruddy and Ruben Neves.
Now England manager Southgate has confirmed he'd be open to calling the former Huddersfield man up to the national side if they can prove their worth at Molineux in the top flight.
The England gaffer believes Coady has an attitude that matches what they look for when they name their squads.
“All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s,” Southgate told the Daily Mirror.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when they were at Liverpool they won an award.
“His personality and their character is outstanding.
“He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for them is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as they have for Wolves this year at the next level.”
Keep it up!
Coady hopes that the Wolves success will carry on for years to come.
The defender has been at the heart of the Molineux revival this season and has adapted to their new sweeper role in impressive fashion.
The club is looking forward to welcoming Sheffield Wednesday at the weekend, knowing that post match they will be holding aloft the Championship trophy.
Coady hopes that this is just the start of the success at the club as they look forward to next season in the top-flight.
"We're in a lovely position and I always enjoy playing football but you've always got that pressure on your shoulders that you've got to go out and perform.
“We've got to where we wanted to be, so we can go and enjoy it now.
“We're looking forward to next season - we're enjoying the moment that we're in now because it's no mean feat getting promoted from the Championship with it being such a tough division,” Coady continued.
“To do it the way we have, is excellent! I always had belief in this club that it was going to move forward. There's a great infrastructure in place now from top to bottom.
“Hopefully that continues for many years, we've got some fantastic players, we've got a fantastic manager who plays the right way and wants to do it the right way and I'm hoping that it will go on for many years at this football club.”
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
SAN JOSE, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Cisco ( NASDAQ : CSCO) today announced that it will participate in the following conferences with the financial community during the month of February. These sessions will be webcast. Interested parties can view these events on Cisco's Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com.
Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference 2017
February 16, 2017
10:50 a.m. PT / 1:50 p.m. ET
San Francisco, CA
Chuck Robbins, CEO
2017 Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Investor Conference
February 28, 2017
9:30 a.m. PT / 12:30 p.m. ET
San Francisco, CA
David Goeckeler, SVP/GM Networking & Security Business
About Cisco
Cisco ( NASDAQ : CSCO) is the worldwide technology leader that has been making the Internet work since 1984. Our people, products, and partners help society securely connect and seize tomorrow's digital opportunity today. Discover more at thenetwork.cisco.com and follow us on Twitter at @Cisco.
Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company.
RSS Feed for Cisco: http://newsroom.cisco.com/rss-feeds
Two days before they were shot to death in the garage of a Milpitas apartment building, Vamshi Reddy Mamidala spoke on the phone with their family in India. They did not have encouraging news.
A strong student who had attended a technical institute in their homeland, the handsome 27-year-old had gotten a degree in December from Silicon Valley University, which often sends graduates to work for tech companies.
But they had found no permanent job, and according to the Indian press, they told their father that they worried that the political climate in America would not help their quest. Their father told them to return to India if they couldn't find the right work.
Instead, Mamidala wound up a victim, a man who fit the sad cliche of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. On Friday night, they returned from a part-time job at a nearby store only to be killed in the garage of the Ilara Apartments at 1201 S. Main Street.
Because the Milpitas police have released few details, we don't know precisely what happened in the garage of the upscale Ilara, where rents generally are $2500 and above.
But the Indian exterior external affairs minister, Sushma Swaraj, quoting a report from the Indian consulate in San Francisco, tweeted that Mamidala was shot by a drug addict who was in turn captured.
The police version raised as many questions as it answered. The Milpitas cops said they got a call around 10:45 p.m. from a woman who said a man had taken their car keys at gunpoint. As they approached the Ilara, the officers reported hearing a shot and saw a car speeding away. Inside, they found Mamidala suffering from a gunshot wound. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Within short order, the suspected shooter was stopped at Abel Street and Serra Way, a little more than a mile away. Police still had not identified them Tuesday.
Reading this on your phone or tablet? Stay up to date on Bay Area crime news with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
Was Mamidala targeted by the shooter? Did they come to the assistance of the woman? Was they still in their car? The official version provided no answers. And I couldn't get more Tuesday from the cops.
That has not stopped a rambunctious Indian press from speculating that this was a hate crime visited by a white man on a dark-skinned immigrant. “In what can be seen as a fallout of the POTUS Trump's hate Videshi (foreigners) campaign, a youth from Warangal was shot dead by unidentified white American in California,'' began one story in the Sakshi Post.
That one is almost certainly untrue. For starters, police have not revealed the race of the gunman. My sources say the shooting does not appear to have been a hate crime. Milpitas is a small suburban city that has relatively few homicides. Whatever the president's flaws, the shooting cannot be laid at Donald Trump's feet.
But there is something about a young immigrant being killed that chills me. Leaving family and friends behind, a student comes to America because of hope. A few quick seconds can destroy that aspiration forever.
I was around in 1989, when 16-year-old Japanese student Ai Toyoshima was found in a central San Jose schoolyard, bleeding to death from a gunshot wound to the spine.
In that case, their killer was near the end of a long and brutal crime spree. But that made little difference to worried Japanese parents who sent their children to America. At the penalty phase of their killer's trial, Ai Toyoshima's father, Shintano Toyoshima, testified through an interpreter.
”One more time I want to embrace her,'' they said.
Vamshi Mamidala's parents — modest farmers in central India — would say the same.
A Santa Maria jury on Wednesday found a 19-year-old former St. Joseph High School student guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor, who was a 14-year-old fellow student at the time.
The jury deadlocked — 11-1 for conviction — on a fourth felony count of rape of an intoxication person.
Shane Villalpando, who graduated from Righetti High School last June, was charged in April 2012 with raping a 14-year-old girl while they were a student at the Orcutt Catholic high school.
The verdict was reached just before 5 p.m. Wednesday, nearly 24 hours after the case was handed over to the jury Tuesday in Superior Court in Santa Maria after closing arguments, according to Deputy District Attorney Jennifer Karapetian.
Because of the late hour, Villalpando, the victim, and their family were unable to be present when jurors read the verdict, Karapetian said.
They tried to delay the reading until early Thursday, but Superior Court Judge Rick Brown insisted on being able to dismiss the jurors sooner rathern than later, they said.
Villalpando will face up to four years and four months in state prison at sentencing, which is set for July 11.
Karapetian said the judge has the discretion to sentence Villalpando to probation or jail time.
Prosecutors will discuss whether to retry Villalpando on the fourth felony count at an informal hearing on June 27, and have a final decision then or at sentencing.
The judge will also hear the prosecution's argument to remand Villalpando into custody at the hearing, Karapetian said.
“It's something that we'll have to discuss as a team, and see with the families and whether they want to go through another trial,” Karapetian said. “We're very happy that the jury came back with guilty verdicts on those counts.”
The weeklong trial began last Tuesday following Villalpando's rejection of a plea offer earlier this year.
Villalpando, who posted bail and is not in custody, was tried on lesser charges. Originally, they faced three felony counts of forcible rape, one felony count of administering a drug, and one felony count of dissuading a witness.
The 14-year-old victim's complaint alleges Villalpando raped them on multiple occasions between Jan. 28 and April 13, 2012, and then tried to prevent or dissuade them from reporting the incidents to the police.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
By Hayden Wright
Last month, Queen announced a deluxe box set celebrating the 40th anniversary of their 1977 album News of the World. In the press release, the band promised “Every lead vocal is different, as are most of the lead guitar parts and a great many other instrumental details.” Now Queen has revealed the reissue versions of “We Are the Champions” and “We Will Rock You,” two of the band's best-loved songs.
Related: Queen Detail ‘News of the World' Deluxe Box Set
Dubbed the “Raw Sessions Versions,” the tracks are prototypes for the songs we know: Freddie Mercury's vocals are a bit looser on “We Will Rock You,” which begins with a few warmup bars of singing. Brian May's guitar solo is quite different, too. You get the sense that Queen were feeling their way through the tracks as they recorded earlier versions. The piano arrangement on “We Are the Champions” is brighter and happier.
The News of the World box set debuts November 17. Listen to the never-before-heard raw sessions here:
The latest judicial rebuff to Denis O'Brien's efforts to crack open - on their terms - the Red Flag Consulting case may finally signal the beginning of the end, if not the actual curtain call, for this particular legal saga.
To date, an array of judges and courts have all refused to give the business person what they want - unfettered access, by way of discovery, to information inside the public relations consultancy.
Mr O'Brien alleges that Galway business person and telecoms rival Declan Ganley is the client on whose behalf Red Flag compiled an unflattering dossier on him.
Mr Ganley denies this and, in a separate fresh legal action - a side show addendum to Friday's Supreme Court decision - Red Flag says it will not be breaching what the company sees as client confidentiality.
The case originated when, according to Mr O'Brien, a USB memory stick arrived anonymously at their Dublin office. The USB containedmore than 300 files, all but a handful of them being copies of newspaper articles about them and their business dealings.
The remaining files were essentially unflattering profiles of Mr O'Brien and their business record. A final file was a draft speech by the former Fianna Fáil TD Colm Keaveney, which was also critical of Mr O'Brien.
Mr O'Brien launched their legal action against Red Flag, which had assembled the contents of the USB stick.
Exceptional circumstances
From the outset, Mr O'Brien has sought to use the heaviest available legal artillery against the PR company. They began their case in October 2015 seeking an Anton Pillar Order - in effect, a civil search and sieze warrant.
This legal device is used in only the most exceptional circumstances in which a litigant contends, for example, that evidence vital to their case is in imminent danger of being destroyed.
No such evidence existed regarding Red Flag, beyond Mr O'Brien's assertions, and the then President of the High Court, Mr Justice Nicholas Kearns, refused the application.
The case then went before Mr Justice Colm MacEochaidh in the High Courtwho, while granting Mr O'Brien a preservation order, rejected their demand for discovery - that is, access to Red Flag's files under a series of headings.
In doing so, the judge said Mr O'Brien had failed to advance evidence as to why the court should facilitate him, had failed to explain how they obtained the dossier and had failed to prove publication, a necessary threshold for defamation.
Mr O'Brien pressed on but the Court of Appeal shot them down again in October 2017. In doing so, the three judges - Mr Justice Sean Ryan, Mr Justice Gerard Hogan and Mr Justice Michael Peart - sided strongly with the reasoning, law and precedents quoted by Mr Justice MacEochaidh.
And now, the Supreme Court has judged there is no reason at all for it to intervene in the case or overturn the decisions of lower court colleagues.
Judgment was given on Friday by some of the most senior members of that court, including the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Frank Clarke, Mr Justice John Mac Menamin and Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne.
Challenging interpretations
Their judgmentsays there is “considerable merit in the criticism [by the Court of Appeal] made to the effect that the facts set out in the application filed on behalf of Mr O'Brien go well beyond matters which were the subject of findings by the trial judge”.
They reject the rehashing, through affidavits, of matters that have already been the subject of findings of facts by lower courts. In other words, they say a plaintiff should not keep revisiting things already decided as fact, as opposed to challenging interpretations of the law.
The three judges say they “wish strongly to emphasise” that the purpose of an appeal to the Supreme Court “is not designed to permit the applicant [Mr O'Brien] to engage in advocacy”.
And they are blunt in telling Mr O'Brien that were they to accede to their request to overturn the Court of Appeal's decision to uphold the High Court's discovery refusal, they would in effect be defeating the entire purpose of having a Court of Appeal.
The very particular constitutional threshold required to allow Mr O'Brien's appeal to go all the way to the top had not been met, they ruled.
It is not clear whether Mr O'Brien will now seek to prosecute their case against Red Flag without discovery or place all their remaining eggs in what might be described as the Colm Keaveney basket.
This is a separate High Court attempt to prise open Red Flag on the basis of the former Fianna Fáil Galway East TD's sworn affidavit purporting to show that Mr Ganley is the client.
More than 3,000 locomotive engineers and conductors at Canadian Pacific Railway are on strike.
The workers, represented by the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference, walked off the job Tuesday evening (May 29).
Talks between TCRC negotiators and the railway company are ongoing, TCRC said in a news release issued late Tuesday.
“I can confirm that talks are ongoing, assisted by federal mediators, and we hope to have more information in the coming hours,” said TCRC's director of public affairs Chris Monette.
“Teamsters are committed to working with federal mediators and reaching a negotiated settlement. The union is willing to remain at the bargaining table during the strike,” the union added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Shippers that depend on CP to move their products are asking Ottawa to take decisive action to ensure that the impacts of the labour disruption are minimized.
“With recovery from the recent grain shipping backlog still ongoing, the loss of one of Canada's two major railways is going to have a significant negatively impact on hard-working farm families on the Prairies,” said the Grain Growers of Canada (GGC).
“We … are calling on (Ottawa) … to move quickly and take whatever action is required to get grain moving again.”
GGC called the strike at CP “potentially disastrous,” for the Canadian agriculture sector.
Canada's fertilizer industry issued a similar plea.
“Some fertilizer companies continue to experience unpredictable levels of service,” said Fertilizer Canada in a prepared statement.
“A strike will further aggravate the situation.”
“As the Canadian fertilizer industry exports to more than 75 countries, our members rely on an efficient transportation system in order to remain globally competitive,” added Garth Whyte, president and chief executive officer of Fertilizer Canada.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We strongly urge the government to take whatever action is necessary to ensure minimal damage is done to the Canadian economy and especially Canadian trade industries.”
Prime minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that the federal government won't be rushed into introducing back-to-work legislation.
“Quite frankly, we have companies that have gotten used to the fact that in certain industries, the government in the past was very quick to legislate against unions,” they said Tuesday in Toronto.
“We are not going to do that.”
The Liberal government believes in collective bargaining but will take steps to encourage both sides to reach a settlement, they added.
CP also announced Tuesday that it has reached a tentative three-year labour agreement with signal maintainers represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW).
The tentative agreement will ensure that passenger operations at CP are not affected and that IBEW employees remain on the job until the results of a ratification vote are known.
Contact brian.cross@producer.com
Gardaí are to prepare a file for the coroner's court after ruling out foul play in the death of a 53-year-old man who was sleeping rough on the streets of Cork over the St Patrick's weekend.
The man, who was originally from the Gurranebraher area of Cork's northside, was found in an unresponsive state in the doorway of a building on Wandesford Quay at about 7am on Sunday.
The emergency services were called and attended to the man but they were pronounced dead at the scene and their body was removed to Cork University Hospital for a postmortem.
Nothing suspicious
Gardaí say that they are satisfied that there was nothing suspicious about the man's death but they are awaiting the results of toxicology tests.
It is understood that the man had been sleeping rough for the past few days after being discharged from hospital last week but they had been living on a regular basis in their family home.
According to informed sources, the man had alcohol addiction issues and would occasionally move out of the family home and sleep on the streets but they were not a regular user of homeless services in Cork.
According to one informed source, the man might have stayed in hostel accommodation perhaps up to 14 times over the past two years and had not been availing of homeless services in recent weeks.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum almost died when they stabbed themselves in the chest after tripping over their two dogs.
Sarah Lane's heart stopped when they tumbled over their pets and onto a chef's kitchen knife standing upright on the drainer of their Kingstanding home.
The 32-year-old was rushed to hospital after they collapsed in a pool of blood at around 2.30am last Saturday, April 15.
Them life was saved by paramedics and staff at Birmingham's Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
Sarah said they tripped over their two dogs, Tie, a Staffie, and husky Kiara, in their kitchen as they sterilised baby bottles for their two young sons.
“I was going backwards and forwards sterilising ten or 12 bottles and I tripped over the dog,” they said.
“I fell on to the draining board and on top of the knife, which was standing up.
“I didn't feel anything at all at first and then a minute later I collapsed.
“Apparently my body shut down and paramedics were pumping my chest.
“I was losing blood.
“I don't remember much but I recall lots of people around me and a doctor in the ambulance who shoved their hand in my chest.”
Sarah, a chef, had earlier returned from visiting friends with their daughter Freya, 12.
The quick-thinking schoolgirl alerted Sarah's boyfriend, Peter Hartnett, and sister, Stella, when they raced downstairs after hearing a thud as their mum collapsed.
Sarah's heart stopped at one point but they insisted on being discharged from hospital over the Easter weekend to return to their family, including sons Lincoln, 23 months, and eight-month-old Theo.
And they hailed Freya's coolness during the unfolding emergency.
“She has been so brave,” Sarah said.
“I don't know what I would do without them
“She helps me so much with the boys but she's often out on their bike or doing their Thai kick boxing as well.
“If it wasn't for my daughter I wouldn't be here today.
“My partner was amazing, as was my sister and I cannot thank the QE staff enough.”
Mr Boris Johnson, the United Kingdom's Foreign Secretary is expected to meet with President Akufo-Addo today after a stop-over in the Gambia yesterday.
The controversial Foreign Secretary is on a tour of two Commonwealth nations (Gambia and Ghana) and met with the Gambian leader Adama Barrow yesterday as part of efforts to strengthen the bonds between member nations.
The outspoken Johnson is hard to miss not only for their flamboyant hair-do but also for some of their pronouncements. The former London Mayor has courted trouble in the past for some insults that they directed at foreigners.
Below are six of their most controversial insults as published on bbc.com;
Goat lover
Rule one of diplomatic relations: Don't suggest your counterpart has had sex with a goat.
It looks so simple when written down but something Boris forgot in May this year - when they won a £1,000 poetry prize for this limerick about Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan...
"There was a young fellow from Ankara, Who was a terrific wankerer.
"Till they sowed their wild oats, With the help of a goat, But they didn't even stop to thankera."
Sadistic nurse
Hillary Clinton was in the running to be the next US president. And as Leader of the Free World, they would have been a useful person to have in your corner.
Not known for their sense of humour, it's unlikely they were amused by this description from Boris, back in 2007.
"She's got dyed blonde hair and pouty lips, and a steely blue stare, like a sadistic nurse in a mental hospital."
Ping pong
As sporting superpowers go, look no further than China and table tennis. They've won almost every Olympic gold medal since the sport was included back in 1988.
But Mr Johnson couldn't resist indulging in a spot of "yeah but we invented it" as they closed the Beijing Games in 2008.
They told the world the sport was "invented on the dining tables of England in the 19th century. It was. And it was called wiff waff".
Obama not all-American
Campaigning on whether the UK should leave the European Union got very nasty - with many insults flung by both sides.
Boris Johnson was furious when President Obama said they thought Britain should remain in the EU.
Their response was to call the president "part-Kenyan" with an "ancestral dislike" of Britain. Johnson, in turn, was accused of racism.
Piccaninnies and watermelons
More accusations of racism, this time from a Telegraph column they wrote in 2002.
They suggested the Queen must love touring the Commonwealth because she's greeted by "cheering crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies" and that in the Congo, Tony Blair would be met with "watermelon smiles".
Both are racist insults for black people - and they apologised for the comments.
Obligatory Hitler reference
Back to the EU again.
During campaigning, they said there was an attempt to create the Roman Empire's united Europe.
"Napoleon, Hitler, various people tried this out, and it ends tragically," they said.
It should be pointed out that Boris Johnson is an undeniably clever man who speaks several languages - which means they might be able to insult other nations in their native tongue, instead of English. Or Latin.
He's embarking on their 16th trip from Santa Cruz to New Orleans to help victims of Hurricane Katrina — and others along the way
Anyone driving near the Santa Barbara Mission recently may have noticed two large trailers adorned with American flags and photos of Mother Teresa, and loudly proclaiming “PEACE!” They belong to Curtis Reliford of Santa Cruz, founder of the Follow Your Heart Action Network.
Reliford is a man on a mission. Since 2005 they have made 15 trips from Santa Cruz to New Orleans, La., delivering donated food, clothing and building supplies to victims of Hurricane Katrina. Now on their 16th trip, they are stopping in a variety of communities to spread the word about their ongoing efforts.
Originally from Shreveport, La., Reliford grew up in a troubled neighborhood, turning to drugs and alcohol to cope with their problems. Twenty-six years ago, they decided to leave their home state to get clean and sober. Settling in Santa Cruz, they joined several recovery programs and eventually attained their goal of a sober life. In addition to helping them attain sobriety, the groups taught Reliford to follow their passion.
“What I learned (in those groups) is what I am doing now,” they told Noozhawk.
When Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005, Reliford had just returned from a trip to Louisiana with their daughter. They recall the bad situation that existed even before the hurricane.
“There was a storm before the storm,” they said. “The system wasn't helping, and there was just so much racism, prejudice and bigotry.”
When Reliford learned of the massive damage from the hurricane and the communities in need, they jumped to action. They made large signs and headed to downtown Santa Cruz asking for donations. Within three days they had received thousands of donations, and had lined up a group of volunteers to help sort and package the items. One week later, they set off for Louisiana with five trucks and 10 volunteers to help him. Reliford's first stop was their hometown of Shreveport, where the football coliseum had been converted into an aid shelter.
Upon arrival, Reliford says they met resistance from members of the National Guard, who told them they had no room for their five truckloads of supplies. Representatives of the American Red Cross showed them to a warehouse where they suggested they could leave the items. But Reliford had not driven the long distance to drop off their goods in a warehouse and walk away — they wanted to deliver the items directly to the people.
The next day, Reliford toured the Shreveport coliseum and said they were appalled by the filthy, wet living conditions. But despite the poor conditions, the coliseum had storerooms full of adequate supplies and clothing for the residents. So Reliford got on the phone and called different communities to see who needed supplies and where. They learned of several communities in Louisiana and Texas that needed the supplies they had, and they set about dispersing them.
Reliford had intended to make that first trip their only one, but they were greeted by a surprise upon their return to Santa Cruz. A 35-foot RV and eight tons of donated items were parked on their driveway. With that and amid the phone calls they continued to receive from communities in need, they knew they had found their mission in life.
“One trip just turned into 16 trips,” they said.
Reliford went about trying to better organize their operation, taking advice from different groups and people involved in community aid. Their efforts have been grassroots, involving fundraisers and yard sales. They received a grant from the organization Bread for the Journey to buy a 40-foot storage container for the donated items. In 2007, their organization received tax-exempt 501(c)(3) status as a nonprofit aid group.
Reliford has received a Jefferson Award for public service and the NAACP Community Service Award, and was honored by Rep. Sam Farr, D-Carmel, in the U.S. House of Representatives on March 28, 2006.
Since receiving 501(c)(3) status, Reliford's organization has continued receiving and accepting donations for ongoing recovery efforts from Hurricane Katrina. They try to get out to Louisiana at least quarterly — sometimes alone, sometimes with volunteers. They take items not needed in Louisiana to local migrant worker communities in Santa Cruz, Watsonville and the greater Bay Area.
During their travels, Reliford says they have found poverty without even having to look hard for it. Whether it was children begging for clothing while gassing up their truck in Arizona, or Native Americans wandering through 109-degree heat in Texas, Reliford has seen the great need people have in seemingly forgotten communities, and that they haven't seen much improvement either.
“I see the same need in all of these areas not being addressed,” Reliford said. “It's like nobody cares. Everyone looks the other way.”
But Reliford struggles on with their work, helping people out wherever they can. They regularly visit the same Native American reservations in Arizona and Texas on their trips to New Orleans, giving them what they can. They say they have no hope in the government helping anyone out, adding that it's preoccupied with spending on war and weapons.
“We've built rockets and spaceships to go to the moon, but we can't do something for these folks right here in our own country,” they said.
Reliford said they also see more people turning to drugs and alcohol to deal with their problems — a path with which they are all too familiar. They encourage people from going down this road, and suggests that they find their passion and follow it.
To the victims of Hurricane Katrina and anyone else in need, Reliford has one simple message: “My message is to make people aware that you haven't been forgotten.”
— Noozhawk intern Nick St.Oegger can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to see more of their photography. Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police carried out an extensive search for a child after a baby's bottle was discovered in the wreckage of a speeding car at the centre of the Belgrave Middleway horror crash., an inquest has heard.
Worried officers were combing the area immediately after the crash in the early hours of December 17 after one officer discovered a bottle in an Audi S3.
The grim search was being made following a three car crash which claimed the lives of six people. Fortunately a child wasn't in the car.
At the inquest PC Keith Evans, who was the first officer on the scene of the collision, revealed how a search was made for a baby.
They said: "A baby's bottle was found in the Audi and there were fears a baby was also involved. An extensive search was made for a child by officers."
(Image: PA)
The inquest heard that the Audi was travelling at a speed of between 94mph and 100mph before it lost control and collided with a taxi travelling in the opposite direction. A third car, a Toyota Yaris was also struck but both people in the vehicle survived.
The details were revealed at an inquest held on Wednesday into the death of Mohammed Fahsha, aged 30, Kasar Jehangir, 25, and 26-year-old Tauqeer Hussain, 26.
All three men were in the speeding Audi car which lost control around a bend and smashed into a black taxi on the other side of the carriageway. A third passenger Zakkria Khan, aged 18, survived despite being thrown from the vehicle and suffering serious injuries.
Kasar Jehangir, who was believed to be the driver of the Audi, had cannabis in their system, which was likely to have contributed to the crash and two tyres on the vehicle were defective.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Imtiaz Mohammed funeral: More than 5,000 people pay respects to taxi driver killed in Lee Bank Middleway crash
All three of the people in the taxi died including driver Imtiaz Mohammed, aged 33, Lucy Davis, aged 43 and their partner Lee Jenkins, aged 42. Their inquests were held on Tuesday.
A postmortem revealed all three men had died from multiple injuries.
Coroner Louise Hunt recorded that all three of the people in the taxi had died as a result of a road traffic collision.
The same conclusion was recorded for Mr Mohammed, Ms Davis and Mr Jenkins.
Family tributes to friends in the Audi S3
Tauqeer Hussain
The sister of Tauqeer Hussain has now taken to the witness stand.
Speaking of their brother, they said:
“He was kind, caring and funny made you laugh all the time. They were a brilliant brother.”
Mohammed 'Fash' Fasha
The brother of Mohammed Fasha shared a few words about them at the inquest into their death.
"He excelled at cricket and football and was just a wonderful brother.”
Family tributes to taxi driver and passengers
Imtiaz Mohammed
A statement from their sister was read out by the coroner. They were a 33-year-old taxi driver from Small Heath.
They were 33 years of age when they died. They were a proud father of six children, five daughters and one son.
“To their parents, they were their little boy. They had big ambitions and dreams with a whole life ahead of him.
"He had banter, curiosity and joy. They were very comical. We were best friends. They had loads of friends, talkative, cheerful character they are.
Imtiaz Mohammed funeral: More than 5,000 people pay respects to taxi driver killed in Lee Bank Middleway crash
“When they would get the chance they would visit their mates for a catch up. Imtiaz married in 2001 and became a very different person.
“He had lots of jobs before they became a self employed black taxi driver. They would always go the extra mile for those passengers who loved him.
“His death has come as a great shock to us all. Their youngest daughter turned four not 24 hours before they passed away.
"Words cannot describe the pain we are going through. Our house is empty.
“He was a legend and was was working hard on that night to support their family.”
Lucy Davis
Lucy was 43 when they died. They were a deaf sign interpreter from Kingstanding.
"My mom was as important to me as air"
Lucy Davis's sister Alison is speaking on behalf of the family.
“She was a fun, loving, adventurous mom who was passionate about sign language. They loved to travel and went to many fabulous places around the world. They lived life to the full.
They read words from their daughter, which said: “My mom was as important to me as air. My heart is broken and I will be scarred for life. A wonderful mother like my mom shouldn't be taken so soon. I will make them proud.”
Motorcylist caught racing at 91mph - yards from scene of Belgrave Middleway crash which left 6 dead
Lee Jenkins
Lee Christian Jenkins, was 42 and was a nuclear scientist from Harborne.
A family statement read out in court said: “He grew up in Redditch and excelled at football. They were an incredibly good footballer.
“He studied physics at Bristol University and their great passion was music.
They were a clinical scientist by day and rock and roll star by night.
“He was a great leader. In between working they loved travel. Always coming back from holiday or planning one.
"His love of adventure take them on many cycling, camping and waking trips. It was fitting they would find love with Lucy."
"They shared the same interests. Take every opportunity to go out and enjoy adventures together.”
The hearing continues...
SHARE COPY LINK Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding their daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding their daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Scientists at the Department of Material Sciences, Lomonosov MSU, have described the manner in which the battery efficiency and structure of created films are influenced when the ratio of components that form light-absorbing layer of a perovskite solar cell is altered. The outcomes of the research have been reported in the Journal of Physical Chemistry C.
These are crystal structures of crystalline solvates. CREDIT: Alexey Tarasov.
Organic-inorganic perovskites are an innovative type of photoactive materials—materials that react to light. They derive their name from the mineral known as perovskite—or calcium titanate, CaTiO 3 —as their structure is similar to perovskite. However, their original characteristics are far more impressive. By using these materials, we can develop perovskite solar batteries—introduced just half a decade ago. However, their efficiency is already far better than the more prevalent and very costly silicon solar elements.
In an earlier research, the Authors of the study discovered that filiform, or wire-like, hybrids of perovskites derived their shape from the structure of intermediate compounds formed through the course of perovskite crystallization. The team has found out a range of such compounds, where each compound is a crystalline solvate—a crystalline compound in which molecules of the solvent of its precursor components are formed into their structure. The dissolved components are precipitated from the solution to form a crystalline perovskite film.
The team chose and described three intermediate compounds that are crystalline solvates of one among two solvents mostly used in developing perovskite solar batteries. The crystal structure of two of the compounds was established for the first time.
We have found out that the formation of intermediate compounds is one of the key factors that determines functional properties of the final perovskite layer because perovskite crystals inherit the shape of those compounds. This, in turn, influences the film morphology and solar cell efficiency. It is especially important when creating thin perovskite films, because needle-like or filiform shape of crystals will lead to the film being discontinuous, which will significantly lower the efficiency of the solar cell. The knowledge on the influence of the ratio of precursor reagents on the shape of the final perovskite crystals will allow to deliberately choose the conditions for obtaining optimal films, which will result in perovskite cells with high efficiency. Alexey Tarasov, PhD, the Principal Investigator of the study and Head of Laboratory of New Materials for Solar Energetics (Department of Materials Science, Lomonosov Moscow State University)
Intermediate compounds such as these are known to be unstable. Therefore, the team adopted synchrotron radiation as well as low temperatures to cool the crystals to nearly -173°C. Such cooling enabled them to arrest the decay of the crystals as well as to carry out the required measurements in order to ascertain the solvates' structure.
Moreover, the team has investigated the thermal stability of the acquired compounds and was able to compute the energy of formation of the compounds by adopting quantum-chemical modeling. In-depth knowledge of the formation energy enables the Researchers to elucidate the formation of specific crystals upon using distinctive solvents.
The team also discovered that the nature of the intermediate compound formed during the crystallization process is particularly governed by the ratio of reagents in the solution. The shape of the formed perovskite crystals is governed by the crystal structure of the intermediate compound, and this shape in turn governs the structure of the light-absorbing layer. Consequently, this structure has an impact on the output of the developed solar battery.
MILWAUKEE - Dameion Perkins applied to be a bus tanker/cleaner with the Milwaukee County transit system in 2016 but they believe their public criticism of the Milwaukee Police Department following their brother's death is denying them that opportunity.
They say the position would have given them a better opportunity to provide for their family.
"I wanted this job because of me .. my history my work ethic," Perkins said.
They had a phone interview and was confident they were on their way to the next step until they learned they would not be hired.
"Everything was going good. They checked out my resume, they said I had good work history," they said "...After the interview I was no longer know as Dameion Perkins, I was known as Dontre Hamilton's brother."
Even after Perkins was under the impression they didn't qualify, they say they got a call from the human resources department to come in and discuss their application.
"This was no interview, they wanted to know what and who I knew. I felt very uncomfortable," they said.
In a declaration filing, a former county human resources employee testified not only did HR managers refer to Dameion as "Dontre's brother" but also they were ordered to write Perkins a letter stating that MCTS had selected another more qualified candidate.
That was false, as MCTS had not filled the position.
Milwaukee County corporation counsel Maggie Daun said in a statement:
"The county believes Mr. Perkins' claims to be meritless and looks forward to proving that in court. Beyond that, the County will not comment further on pending litigation."
Meanwhile, Perkins wants the courts to right what they believe is wrong.
"Me and my family had to fight hard for getting justice for Dontre now I am getting justice for myself."
Exciting Event for Texas ProKart Challenge in Katy Superkarts! USA regional program reaches halfway point with Round Three completed at Gulf Coast Kartway
Brett Mitchell is the driver on top of the X30 Senior this season with their second victory of 2017 (Photo: Carolyn Wiley)
The Texas ProKart Challenge reached the halfway point of the 2017 season with Round Three contested at the Gulf Coast Kartway on June 10-11. The Katy, Texas facility welcomed Superkarts! USA IAME and Stock Honda racers to the 7/10-mile course. Five drivers were able to lead the entire distance of the event to complete round sweeps, including two championship leaders.
Brett Mitchell won their second straight in the MPH Racing Team X30 Senior division, featuring 13 drivers. A winner in Round Two, Mitchell entered as the championship leader, delivering with the sweep in Katy. Mitchell set the fast time in qualifying, edging out Jake French by 79 thousandths of a second. Mitchell led all 14 laps of Heat #1, before fighting with French in Heat #2 to come away with the race win. Getting away at the green flag, Mitchell drove away to lead wire-to-wire in the 20-lap Final, stretching out to a four-second margin for the victory. French was runner-up with Max Hewitt beating out Austin Wilkins for the final step of the podium. Jeffery Collins drove to fifth in their first event of 2017.
The third different winner was crowned in the Trackside Karting Services X30 Junior with Ethan Arndt taking their first victory of the season. Arndt, who entered as the championship leader with two runner-up finishes, swept the action in Round Three over a competitive 12-driver field. Arndt set fast time in qualifying (39.720) over Maxwell Waithman and Jak Crawford. Arndt and Crawford went 1-2 in both heat races, as Ethan led all 14 laps in both motos. They continued the momentum into the Final, leading all 20 laps for the victory while recording the fast laps of the race. Crawford slipped back on the opening circuit, but regained the second spot to stand alongside Arndt on the podium. Cash Tiner completed the podium in third with Waithman fourth and Emilano Richards in fifth.
The Dallas Karting Complex & Core Karting Stock Honda race group featured all four categories – S1, S2, S3, S4 – with all four winners earning their first main event victories of 2017. S1 Pro was won by Austin Wilkins, who drove uncontested. The S2 Semi-Pro category was busy with action throughout the day. Nick Brueckner made their class debut, setting the fast lap in qualifying. Jordon Musser stepped up in the opening heat, moving past Brueckner and Blair Hosie to score the win. Musser led the majority of Heat #2 until Graig Alvarez Jr. slipped by and reached the checkered flag first. Alvarez carried the momentum into the Final, leading all 20 laps to earn their first series victory. Musser settled for second with SKUSA Pro Tour winner Riley Dickinson in third. Hosie and Andretta Young completed the top-five.
Diego Villafani became a first-time winner at the Texas ProKart Challenge, sweeping the action in the S3 Novice division. Villafani bested Andrew Kleinheinz and Reilly Cann for the victory. Nathan Stewart earned their first trip to the top step of the podium in S4 Master, winning over Juan David Gomez. X30 Master point leader Miguel Mier won their third straight, outrunning Barry Peel.
2016 Mindshift Financial Mini Swift champion Branyon Tiner returned to the top step of the podium for the first time since July 2016. Tiner fought their way forward in the first half of the day after qualifying ninth, with fast time going to Davis Cunningham. Tiner was able to reach the second spot by the end of Heat #1, with Cunningham leading all 12 laps. Cunningham led the first four circuits in Heat #2 until contact put them on the sidelines. That put Tiner in a battle for the win with Aden Rudolph, as Branyon took the win. Rudolph, however, was penalized to finish behind Cunningham, classified 20th. Tiner led the first 12 laps of the Final until Noah Baker put on a fight. They went back and forth for the lead, with Tiner able to get away in the closing laps for the victory. Baker settled for second with Arti Flores placing third. Chase Gardner and Alex Stanfield rounded out the top-five. Nearly the entire 20-kart field were within three tenths for their fast lap during the main event, with quick time going to Cunningham.
Nuclear Imaging Micro Swift point leader Cooper Shipman set the pace early in Katy, scoring the fast lap in qualifying by just 61 thousandths of a second before leading all 12 laps of the opening heat. Tanner Garvin stepped up in Heat #2, as the two battled for the win with Garvin coming across the line first. From the pole position, Garvin led all 16 laps to record their second victory of the season. Shipman beat out Miles Hewitt for the runner-up spot with Ivanna Richards in fourth and Joseph Moss in fifth.
The Texas ProKart Challenge returns to action on July 13-15 at a new facility. The Amarillo Kart Circuit will welcome the series, hosting its first-ever competition karting event. The facility, located just east of Amarillo, Texas, will be a new and exciting addition to the Texas PKC program, with competitors from around the southwestern states making the journey to be part of history. July 13-14 will be official practice days with July 15 serving as Race Day. Make sure to watch the series website texasprokartchallenge.com for exciting event details forthcoming, as well as Texas ProKart Challenge on Facebook.
The UK's hung parliament has led to Prime Minister Theresa May having to rely on the DUP in Northern Ireland and with no majority in Westminster, hopes of a softer Brexit have emerged.
On the latest Inside Business podcast, John McGrane, director general of the British Irish Chamber of Commerce, says that could happen, but it would take “somebody of the unique ‘backflipability' of Boris Johnson to come out and say: I've looked into my heart, de Valera-style, and I've read the will of the people and it's for a soft Brexit.”
Inside Business Podcast
 They are joined by economist Jim Power to discuss what a softer Border with Northern Ireland might look like and what Ireland's new Taoiseach Leo Varadkar should do for the economy.
In the second half of the show, Larry Broderick of the Financial Services Union talks to Joe Brennan about the AIB IPO and explains why the bank should establish a profit-share with staff in recognition of their role in getting the bank back on its feet.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hospice that has helped hundreds of people suffering with cancer, multiple sclerosis, dementia and motor-neurone disease is planning to expand.
Treetops Hospice Care, in Risley, has submitted an application to build a new in-patient unit that would house a dozen new beds to help care for those requiring end-of-life care .
Although there are more than two hundred hospices in the UK, Treetops says that there are currently no independent hospice beds in southern Derbyshire or southern Nottinghamshire.
The plans, now with Erewash Borough Council, are to designed to increase choice for local people as to where they receive end-of-life care.
The unit will be nurse-led with flexible visiting times. Plans include sleeping facilities for family members as well as a multi-faith room. It is hoped that the new service will be ready to care for patients from spring 2020.
(Image: Treetops Hospice)
Treetops chief executive, George Cameron, said: “We believe that everyone deserves a choice over where they receive their care and end of life support.
"We want to support people with any life-limiting illness to die in their preferred place. By offering an In-Patient Unit, we would be able to offer them a choice to die in our supportive and beautiful surroundings, if that is their wish.
“Dying at home is not always possible due to people's care needs, or even everyone's choice. Equally, some people do not feel comfortable going into a nursing home or hospital.
“We already offer hospice care in people's homes through our Hospice at Home service – last year, we provided almost 42,000 hours of nursing support – and this commitment will not change.
“The new In-Patient Unit can provide continuity of care for those who wish to be cared for by Treetops until the end.”
Treetop provides free nursing care and emotional support for adults with life limiting conditions and their families.
Last year, the hospice supported over 1,800 people through its day care unit, hospice-at-home nurses and therapeutic services such as counselling, art therapy and complementary therapy.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has apologised to Sunderland after Derby County's deadline day swoop for Black Cats goalkeeper Jason Steele broke down.
Steele travelled to Derby ahead of a proposed loan move to Pride Park Stadium, with Rowett keen to bring in some experienced cover for Scott Carson.
However, it is understood that Steele turned down the move due to the terms of the deal.
It has been reported that the player wanted to make the switch permanent at the end of the season if Derby won promotion to the Premier League - but the Rams did not want to commit to this.
Sunderland boss Chris Coleman ended up signing former Rams keeper Lee Camp on loan from Cardiff City on deadline day - and now Steele is back at the Stadium of Light.
(Image: Ian Horrocks/Sunderland AFC via Getty Images)
"It's a shame for Jason," said Coleman. "The deal was done so they went to Derby and found out when they got there that the deal was different.
"The player rightly said: 'No, that's not what was agreed.'
"So, Jason's back with us, they can stay with us and fight with Lee Camp and Robbin Ruiter for the number one position.
"Don't blame the player, there is no blame on the player whatsoever. I don't blame Jason for coming back."
Rowett spoke about the situation at their pre-match press conference on Friday morning.
"Chris has made comments about it and I can understand their frustration," said the Rams boss.
"There is an element of truth in some of the way it was. The deal did change slightly.
"But you have to make sure you do the best for your own club and, sometimes, there is a little bit of movement in some of those negotiations.
"What we hoped was that, at the end, the player would still see a loan move for three months as a better proposition than perhaps being one of three goalkeepers there, because of course we were after a bit of experience if we could get it.
"I think the player chose in the end not to go ahead with the deal. I could understand probably their disappointment in the fact that it maybe wasn't quite what it appeared to be at first - and we would apologise to Sunderland for that.
"But there certainly wasn't any intent other than to make sure it was right for us."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — After issuing an apology, Roseanne Barr overnight slammed some of their former co-stars and retweeted defenses of their racist comments that prompted ABC to cancel their hit TV series.
Barr tweeted multiple apologies to Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett after the comedian posted a tweet saying Jarrett was the product of a combination of “Planet of the Apes” and the Muslim Brotherhood. They quickly deleted the tweet but it drew widespread condemnation and the cancellation of their self-titled series reboot after one season.
But within minutes of the apology, Barr quickly began retweeting defenses of their comments and later this morning criticized “Roseanne” co-stars Sara Gilbert and Michael Fishman, who both released statements Tuesday critical of the show's star.
Fishman, who played Barr's son D.J. Conner on both the original and the reboot, tweeted “today is one of the hardest days of my life” and condemned their tweet, saying, “we must stand up against; bias, hatred, bigotry and ignorance.”
Barr, 65, responded, “i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!”
They responded simply “Wow! unreal” to Gilbert's statement from Tuesday calling Barr's tweet “abhorrent.”
Barr tweeted or retweeted over 70 messages after their initial apology to “the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet.” They sent dozens more direct replies to Twitter users.
Many of the tweets defended Barr's comments, saying they were not racist and attempting to point out the perceived hypocrisy on Disney's part. Barr also claimed they did not know Jarrett was black, first saying they believed they were Saudi, then Jewish and Persian and finally that they believed Jarrett was white.
They blamed the initial tweet about Jarrett on the sleep medication Ambien, although they later deleted multiple tweets with references to the prescription drug. The first of those tweets said, “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended.”
Sanofi U.S., the biopharmaceutical company that makes Ambien, responded to Barr's tweet Wednesday morning, condemning their excuse that they were “ambien tweeting.”
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the company said in a tweet.
As for Barr, they finally signed off at 3 a.m., tweeting, “thanks for all your kind comments, everyone! Love u all goodnight.”
They then sent two more retweets, including a defense from InfoWars editor-at-large Paul Joseph Watson.
ABC News is a division of the Walt Disney Co.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” they said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And they expect the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
GREENWOOD, Ind. (WISH) — Police say a woman poured gas around a Greenwood home in an attempt to burn it down after learning their girlfriend was cheating on them with one of the men who lived there.
Keesha Brown, 25, faces preliminary charges of attempted arson and intimidation.
The Greenwood Police Department responded to a call in the 100 block of East Main Street just after 6:30 a.m. Sunday after residents said someone had poured gas around the home and then lit the gas on fire. A woman who was sleeping inside the house with their 11-year-old granddaughter at the time told their husband the house was on fire. Police said the residents were able to put out the fire.
Following the fire, a resident of the home saw a person, later identified as Brown, behind the house and followed them to the intersection of Washington and Broadway streets.
Another witness stated that when they approached Brown, demanding that they remove their hands from their pockets, they revealed knives in both hands and proceeded to chase after him, attempting to stab them in the back.
Police returned to the residence on East Main Street to find Brown in front of the house with a knife in each hand, surrounded by three men, all of whom resided in the home.
Brown says they had been dating the former girlfriend of one of the residents of the home, when they read Facebook posts leading them to believe their girlfriend was seeing the ex-boyfriend again. Brown called a resident of the home so they could speak to their girlfriend, eventually threatening to “fight them like a man” and to set their house on fire.
After denying involvement in the fire, Brown told police they set the fire to take revenge on their girlfriend's former boyfriend and as a way of releasing stress. They stated a man chased them as they walked down the alley, and another man joined him, eventually ending up back in front of the residence, where one of the men hit them with a hard object, just before police arrived.
Brown was transported to Johnson Memorial Hospital for evaluation and then to Johnson County Jail.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
AG SERVICES
Our Sportsmen will Pay Top $$$ to hunt your land. Call for a Free Base Camp Leasing info packet & quote. 1-866-309-1507 www.BaseCampLeasing.com (INCN)
FOR SALE
MUST SELL! Price reduced to $6000 or $5000 for trailer only! 29' 2000 FLEETWOOD ‘Terry' pop out travel trailer w/dual awnings and doors. Never left Black Hawk County since new. Custom Hensley hitch. Many extras. Can be seen at 305 Schull Ave. LPC. 319-342-3113. $25K invested. 22-tf-c
HELP WANTED
POLICE OFFICER: The Indianola Police Department is taking applications for the positions of Police Officer. Applications can be obtained by visiting http://www.indianolaiowa.gov/181/Application Application deadline 6/23/17 EOE (INCN)
Class A CDL Drivers/Tankers. Great Pay, Home Weekends, and Benefits! Potential of $60,000 plus per year! Contact Tony 608-935-0915 Ext 16 (INCN)
WANTED TO BUY
GUITAR WANTED! Local musician will pay up to $12,500 for pre-1975 Gibson, Fender, Martin and Gretsch guitars. Fender amplifiers also. Call toll free! 1-800-995-1217. (INCN)
MCH Group AG / Media Release | MCH Group | 2017 Annual Report | Motions to the General Meeting . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.MCH Group: Publication of the 2017 Annual ReportResult expectations of 16 February 2018 confirmed: sales increased to CHF 493.3 million, profit from ordinary business activity CHF 10.0 million, loss due to special measures CHF -110.0 million. Proposal that no dividend be paid. Live Marketing Solutions division gearing up for the future. The MCH Group has today published its 2017 Annual Report and confirms the result announced on 16 February 2018: consolidated operating income (sales) in the 2017 financial year went up by 12% over the previous year to CHF 493.3 million. Group profit prior to the special measures is CHF 10.0 million. Due to extraordinary depreciation of CHF -102.3 million required for a value adjustment to the exhibition halls in Basel, and special provisions totalling CHF -17.7 million for structural and organisational optimisations in the national exhibition and event business, a loss of CHF -110.0 million has resulted. The total assets as per 31 December 2017 are CHF 688.2 million with an equity ratio pf 34.0%. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the business year total CHF 115.9 million.The MCH Group is expecting the 2018 financial year to be a difficult one once again, since further declines are to be expected in the national exhibition and event business and further development costs will be incurred. These cannot yet be offset by the special measures for 2017 and the acquisitional and organic growth initiatives taken in 2017 and 2018 (MC2, Masterpiece London and Grand Basel, among others). For 2018, the group is expecting a result in the single-digit million range for ordinary business activity.Motions to the General MeetingThe Board of Directors will propose to the General Meeting of 4 May 2018 that no dividend be paid.In addition, the Board of Directors will propose to the General Meeting that Marco Gadola, Dr. Karin Lenzlinger Diedenhofen, Jean-Philippe Rochat, Dr. Ulrich Vischer and Andreas Widmer be elected for a further term of office of one year as members of the Board of Directors. The Board will similarly propose to the General Meeting that Dr. Ulrich Vischer be confirmed in office as Chairman of the Board of Directors for a further year.Strengthening of Live Marketing SolutionsIn continuing to implement the corporate strategy of diversification, internationalisation and digitisation, the MCH Group is intending to further strengthen its "Live Marketing Solutions" division in 2018, among other things. The MCH Group is already able to offer locally and globally operating customers individual services in all the key markets - Europe, USA, Asia and the Middle East - and in all the different areas of live marketing today. In the current financial year, the competences and range of services offered in the field of strategy and conception are to be further expanded so as to be able to anticipate and satisfy the market developments and customer requirements to an even better extent and offer customers holistic solutions. The development of the "Agency of the Future" is to be supported by structural and organisational optimisations. It is planned to simplify the corporate structure of the companies based in Switzerland and align the brand architecture. In addition, various units are to be locally united.Reports 2017 online(in German; the English version will be published within the next few days)Media releasesInvitation to the General Meeting on 4 May 2018: 10 April 2018Contact for the media:MCH Group Ltd.Corporate CommunicationsChristian Jecker+41 58 206 22 52christian.jecker@mch-group.comwww.mch-group.comDownloadThis announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: MCH Group AG via Globenewswire --- End of Message --- MCH Group AGMesseplatz 10 Basel SwitzerlandISIN: CH0039542854;
Vegas Golden Knights James Neal (18) sends Dallas Stars Tyler Seguin (91) flying in front of the net at the close of the second period during the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Golden Knights 2, Stars 1
Three Stars
1. Marc-Andre Fleury, Golden Knights - Stopped 45 shots and stole win.
2. James Neal, Golden Knights - Two goals and physical play
3. Tyler Seguin, Stars - Scored on the power play
Big play
Vegas seemed to score on a mad scramble late in the second period, but the official said they blew the whistle while the puck was under Ben Bishop. Here is the NHL's statement:
"At 19:06 of the second period in the Golden Knights/Stars game, the Situation Room initiated a video review because the puck entered the Dallas net. The referee informed the Situation Room that they had blown their whistle to stop play before the puck crossed the goal line. . According to Rule 78.5, apparent goals shall be disallowed when the Referee deems the play has been stopped, even if they had not physically had the opportunity to stop play by blowing their whistle." This is not a reviewable play therefore the referee's call on the ice stands - no goal Vegas."
Discuss
Did you like the lines and pairs? Ken Hitchcock stuck with them throughout the game, so they must have liked them
What does it mean?
The Stars blew a bunch of offensive opportunities, but they also had a 46-30 advantage in shots on goal. It was a good first game with a bad result.
GOALS
Stars: With Dallas on the power play, Devin Shore made a pass/shot from the left point and Tyler Seguin tipped it over Marc-Andre Fleury at 17:01 of the second period. Stars 1, Golden Knights 0.
Golden Knights: Former Stars winger James Neal whipped a wrister from the right circle through a crowd and past Kari Lehtonen at 10:27 of the third period. Stars 1, Golden Knights 1.
Golden Knights: Cody Eakin broke down the middle of the ice, drew two defenders and passed over to Neal, who lifted a shot over Kari Lehtonen for the game-winning goal. Golden Knights 2, Stars 1.
PORT EVERGLADES, Fla. - The U.S. Coast Guard offloaded 12 tons of cocaine and one ton of marijuana at Port Everglades on Tuesday.
Authorities said the drugs, worth an estimated wholesale value of $390 million, were seized in international waters in the Eastern Pacific Ocean during 17 interdictions.
National Defence, Canadian Armed Forces
The interdictions happened off the coasts of Mexico and Central and South America with the assistance of Canadian Naval vessels, authorities said.
National Defence, Canadian Armed Forces
"What these numbers represent is an increased commitment by U.S. and international partners to combat transnational criminal networks and promote stability in the Central American region, along the U.S. southern border, and in the southern maritime approaches to the U.S.," said Cmdr. Jonathan Carter, commanding officer of the cutter Legare. "Today's offload sends them a message that our network of partners and allies remains resolute in our commitment to stem the flow of illicit trafficking that breeds instability."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
ROCK SPRINGS — The Rock Springs Police Department is asking the public's help in identifying a suspect from a theft at Walmart.
On Saturday, December 2nd, 2017, at approximately 1:30 pm, a male subject entered Walmart. They then placed several items in their shopping cart and proceeded to the checkout line. While the cashier was totaling their checkout items, the male pushed their cart through without paying.
They got into a newer model dark-colored Chevrolet truck and left the area.
If you have any information on the identity of the suspect, who is pictured, please contact Cpl. Paul Schoenfeld at 307-352-1575.
Athletes end sports competition, prepare for national meet
SULU – Hundreds of people turned out to the regional games of the Private Schools Athletic Association or PRISAA held in the town of Jolo in Sulu province in southern Philippines.
The three-day regional sports meet which ended February 15 was participated by 5 school teams from Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi which was held at the Notre Dame Of Jolo (NDJC).
The teams were Mahardika Institute of Technology from Tawi-Tawi; Sulu College of Technology and Notre Dame of Jolo College in Sulu and Hardan Furigay Colleges Foundation and Furigay Colleges Technological Institute from Basilan.
Father Romeo S. Saniel, NDJC President and concurrent President of PRISAA in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao, thanked Governor Toto Tan for their “all-out” support to the sports competition. They said the event was “about a multitude of things, among them is promoting friendship and camaraderie among athletes.”
“The hospitality of the Tausugs and positive attributes of Sulu is also being showcased in this event,” they said and urged athletes to relate their experience in Sulu to their respective provinces.
Tan, a sportsman himself, expressed optimism that local athletes will eventually excel and be recognized at the national level. “Athletes from Sulu only need the opportunity to be given proper training to excel,” they said.
They said they are also looking into the possibility of developing athletes in a particular sport discipline where the Tausugs have a potential to excel. “I will support the Sulu athletes' expenses in the next holding of the PRISAA regional and national games,” Tan said.
Tan added: “On my part as Chief Executive, I support the youth and their healthy activities like sports, as a more viable option than the social menace like drugs and for them to be guarded against the influence and lure of criminal elements. In addition, by playing host to events like the one we are having today, we are sending a strong message to all concerned that life in Sulu is normal, despite the unkind impressions and perceptions.”
“Hindi po tayo yuyuko sa mga banta sa ating katahimikan at kaayusan. Ipakita po natin na sa likod ng mga pagsubok, nabubuhay po tayo ng malaya at normal. Patunayan po natin na nasanay na tayo sa paninindigan ng ating mga ninuno na hindi takot humarap sa pagsubok at determinadong matamo ang kanilang mga adhikain.” (Ahl-franzie Salinas)
Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on: http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http://mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives: issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
462 total views, 462 views today
An online video has emerged which appears to show Sinn Féin MLA Gerry Kelly removing a clamp from their car.
A Sinn Féin statement was issued on behalf of the north Belfast representative after a social media clip emerged appearing to show Mr Kelly removing the clamp from their vehicle outside a gym.
It said the matter was with Mr Kelly's legal team.
Does a royal pardon give you freedom of city?? Gerry Kelly removing wheel clamp of their car. @impongo2 @bighilti @JamieBrysonCPNI @WestBelfastUPRG @farsetriver pic.twitter.com/7MRYxxBAQm — 🇬🇧 Carson's Army (@Davy_SPB) February 3, 2018 So now pardon-swaggering SF MLA Kelly thinks they are even above the traffic laws. This must now be a matter for police investigation and action. Time for another SF public rep to resign! — Jim Allister (@JimAllister) February 3, 2018
“Yesterday, Friday 2nd February, Gerry Kelly MLA returned to their car after an early-morning gym session to find that their car had been made immobile by a clamp just after 7.20am.
“He removed the clamp from the front wheel. They left the device nearby and drove off to prearranged meetings.
“His solicitor is dealing with the matter and they will be making no further comment at this time.”
TUV leader Jim Allister MLA said they believe the PSNI should investigate the matter and that Mr Kelly should resign.
They wrote on Twitter: “So now pardon-swaggering SF MLA Kelly thinks they are even above the traffic laws. This must now be a matter for police investigation and action. Time for another SF public rep to resign!”
69th annual event honors the recipients for their dedication and commitment to volunteerism in the community
There was only one question lingering on the lips of hundreds of guests who gathered at Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Santa Barbara last Thursday evening: Who will be named the recipients of the prestigious 69th Annual Man & Woman of the Year Awards?
By sunset, conversation was swarming with bouts of speculation, playful wagers and abundant curiosity at a black-tie event in the La Pacifica Ballroom at The Biltmore near the stunning seaside.
Paula Lopez, KEYT-TV evening anchor, started the festivities and welcomed guests with background on the history and principles behind the coveted awards.
“We are here to take part in a long tradition nearly seven decades old by celebrating and acknowledging those who work tirelessly and selflessly on behalf of our community,” Lopez said. “Not just to make it a beautiful city aesthetically, but to make it a beautiful community in every other way possible — a community that reaches out and helps others.”
“People who have reached out with innovations and ideas to make good things happen and some of them are in this room tonight,” Lopez said as they acknowledged former award recipients, including Larry Crandell, Michael Towbes, Jean Schuyler and Joanne Rapp.
Next, Ron Gallo, president and CEO of the Santa Barbara Foundation, spoke on behalf of the organization.
“The Santa Barbara Foundation is honored to be the flight attendant of this tradition,” Gallo said. “For this is not our event; it belongs to everyone in this room and every resident of Santa Barbara who understands that what makes this place beautiful and vibrant is our connectivity, and never has this connectivity been more necessary.”
Gallo also noted that despite a beautiful and pristine setting, the city has a high rate of poverty, violence in neighborhoods and illiteracy rates in schools that are coupled with struggles to maintain health, jobs and housing.
“So why aren't I pessimistic despite these enormous challenges?” Gallo said. “Because what I still see in abundance in American people, and especially in Santa Barbara, is that special and powerful connectivity that comes from community outreach.”
Later, the earlier closely guarded secret was revealed as the Santa Barbara Foundation and KEYT announced the 2010 Man & Woman of the Year recipients as Clifford Sponsel and Gerd Jordano.
Sponsel and Jodano were each selected from a diverse pool of candidates for unwavering dedication and long-standing commitment to volunteerism in the community.
Colette Hadley, executive director of the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara, presented the Man of the Year Award to Sponsel, a philanthropist who at 101 years old is the oldest recipient to be honored with this distinguished title.
Sponsel thanked a crowd of onlookers who gathered around their table and their wife, Juliette, said their husband winning the award was a surprise and an honor.
“Cliff is a generous man with a high IQ, but I think what makes them special is that they are a humble man and so with humble eyes you can see more,” they said. “And if you are egotistical, you can only see yourself.”
Sponsel's philanthropic devotion has endured for more than 50 years with business leadership and financial advice that has served many organizations and enabled the completion of the Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care Administration Building and Serenity House, both named in their honor. Among many other community contributions, Sponsel is a founding member of Concours d'Elegance to raise funds for student scholarships and the inventor of the modern-day thermostat, which they gave to General Motors with no compensation for themselves — further emphasizing their giving spirit.
Former award recipient Dr. Peter MacDougall presented the Woman of the Year Award to Jordano, who received a standing ovation and numerous hugs from guests as they made their way to the podium.
“It's such an enormous honor from a community that I love so much because all the events I have volunteered for over the years have been a labor of love and the rewards are huge,” Jordano said. “The friendships that are formed open doors that would have never happened if I had not volunteered, and so the hours and time for all these jobs is not work, it's passion.”
Jordano has provided service to many Santa Barbara community causes for more than 25 years as an active volunteer with Cottage Health System and Westmont College and as a board member with Hospice of Santa Barbara, the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara and CALM.  They are also a founding member for a grassroots organization dedicated to monitoring growth, Citizens for a Balanced Community, and has provided volunteer leadership and received honors from many other community organizations.
“The ultimate expression of generosity is not in giving of what you have but in giving in who you are,” Lopez said. “That is the quote you'll find on the Santa Barbara Foundation website, and it speaks volumes as to who they are and why we are here tonight.”
The 69th Annual Man & Woman of the Year event was sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation and KEYT with support from KDB 93.7FM.
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews, and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested following an alleged stabbing incident in Derby in the early hours of this morning.
Police said the male victim sustained a knife wound to their chest and has been taken to hospital where they remain.
No details about their condition have been yet been released by Derbyshire police.
A spokesperson for the force said the alleged attack happened at a house in Kitchener Avenue, in the Sunny Hill area of Derby. It is understood to have taken place at around 4.30am this morning.
A 49-year-old man has been arrested and remains in police custody.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Mafara (Zamfara) – Zamfara Governor's wife, Hajiya Asmau Abdulaziz, on Monday distributed 1,000 goats and 500 sewing machines to women in Talata-Mafara and Anka Local Government Areas of the state.
Speaking at the occasion in Mafara, Talata-Mafara Local Government Area, Abdulaziz advised the beneficiaries to make good use of the animals and machines to uplift their standard of living.
They said the goats were donated by Rep. Lawal Hassan, member representing Talata-Mafara and Anka federal constituency in the House of Representatives.
They urged the beneficiaries to make good use of the opportunity given to them, saying that the state government would not relent in its effort to improve the lives of rural women.
Abdulaziz was accompanied by Hajiya Ige Lawal, wife of the donor and Hajiya Bilikisu Bungudu, Commissioner for Women Affairs.
Others include Hajiya Jummai Wakili, APC Woman Leader and Hajiya Binta Rikiji, Wife of the Speaker, Zamfara House of Assembly. (NAN)
There are few financial investments you will make during your lifetime that will substantially change your life in the same way a sound investment into your fitness level will yield. While economics are individual, there are virtually endless investment possibilities when investing in your fitness level which may address your specific needs both physically and financially.
There may be times when you are making these fitness investments that you question the expenditures, but consider the following reasons when either on the fence about the initial investment or continuing to invest over your lifetime. As always, prior to beginning any exercise program, please consult your physician.
Reason #1 When making any investment, we need to know there is a return on that investment (ROI) and with fitness investments, it should be evident. You have many fitness components to quantify such as body weight, body composition, mobilization abilities, significant postural/structural considerations which impact long term balance and stability, cardiovascular endurance, muscular strength, muscular endurance, flexibility and quality of life.
Reason #2 Speaking of quality of life—achieving and maintaining an excellent fitness level directly impacts the quality of your life. And, adding to the positive quality of your life, is money in your fitness bank! Are you able to do what you want to, within reason, physically? If not, now may be the time to take a leap and invest. How much is your quality of life worth to you? You have to assess what you are able to invest and then proceed accordingly. There are options for every segment along the investment spectrum and an investment strategy for everyone, so if your wallet is a little light at the moment, sit down with your fitness professional and discuss the options—we make every effort to address your fitness and financial needs.
Reason #3 Think of the future and consider the slippery slope of fitness. Consistency, as is often mentioned in this column is tantamount. Once you have invested, then making the day-to-day commitment to your fitness level is key so that the funds you have allotted are paying big dividends. And, with consistent performance of your fitness program combined with a dietary program which is based upon sound nutritional principles and adhered to over time, you have all of the ingredients to succeed, for life.
Reason #4 There may be times when you are ill or injured and this naturally may create challenges with consistency and this may lead to you questioning your investment. Again, chat with your fitness professional about these challenges so that you, as a team, may make the right decision for this time in your life. This will protect your investment and keep you committed to progressing when appropriate.
Recommended Stories For You
Reason #5 While not true across the board, often making the financial investment keeps you accountable. You may be tempted to miss your workout or training session, but when your hard earned dollars are on the line, this may be an impetus to keep your appointment and follow through. And, that is how investments work. You invest, track your outcomes, continue progressively improving and before you know it, economics make complete sense because you have a fit body and great quality of life.
Jackie Wright is the owner/manager of Mountain Life Fitness, LLC located in Granby, Colorado. They may be reached at their website at http://www.mtnlifefitness.com, their email at jackie@mtnlifefitness.com and their Facebook page at Mountain Life Fitness.
Firefighters from multiple agencies Friday afternoon responded to a structure fire at a compound on the rural west side of the city owned by a notorious Petaluma family, according to initial emergency dispatch reports.
Around 2:40 p.m., multiple callers reported a blaze on the 1100 block of Liberty Road at a parcel that's long been home to the Sampson family, known for its many run-ins with local authorities and for maintaining a property many viewed as a neighborhood blight.
The fire was under control within about 30 minutes, though cleanup was expected to take several hours, according to the emergency dispatch reports.
Liberty Road was closed from Skillman Lane to Rainsville Road until after 5 p.m. to allow firefighters to mop up,
According to Redcom dispatchers, a trailer on the property was fully engulfed in flames and a person was taken from the property to an area hospital by ambulance.
Firefighters from Petaluma, Rancho Adobe Fire Protection District, Wilmar and San Antonio volunteer fire departments responded to the incident, said Mike Weihman, an off-duty Rancho Adobe Fire Protection District battalion chief.
California Highway Patrol officers were on scene to provide traffic control, according to the CHP's website.
Last July, a coalition of Sonoma County agencies launched an unprecedented abatement action to clean up the property, removing hundreds of tons of miscellaneous debris including tires, mobile homes, vehicles, metal and wood scraps.
A status yellow weather warning for freezing overnight temperatures across the country will remain in place until 9am on Tuesday.
Temperatures fell as low as -5 on Monday night following a weekend of heavy snow. The unseasonably cold weather, which brought snow and ice to many parts of Leinster and Munster, began improving on Monday with sunny spells and dry conditions. However, the cold weather is set to continue on Tuesday night with values set to hit -3 in some places. Daytime temperatures on Tuesday will be milder, reaching 7 to 8 degrees.
These warmer temperatures, which are in line with expected March weather, will continue through the week. On Wednesday, values will reach between 9 and 11 degrees with some patchy rain in northern countries. But most of the country will remain bright and dry with sunny spells. Temperatures will remain above freezing on Wednesday night.
Warmer temperatures, which are in line with expected March weather, are expected through the week Photograph: Dara Mac Dónaill/The Irish Times
More unsettled weather will begin to spread on Thursday, bringing rain across the country. Friday will also be marked by outbreaks of rain with, but the weekend is set to be mostly dry.
Heavy snow across parts of the east caused travel disruption and led to cancellations in many places over the weekend, including the St Patrick's festivities in the capital. The festival's Bank Holiday Monday events were able to go ahead as planned.
In Wicklow, the Sally Gap and the Kilmacanogue/Roundwood Road remained impassable due to snowfall.
Bus transfers between Limerick Junction and Waterford continued to operate on Monday due to flooding on the rail line near Clonmel. Two Dublin bus routes also remained closed on Monday as a consequence of snow: route 65 which operated to Blessington only and route 44B which did not serve Glencullen.
AA Roadwatch has urged drivers to continue to take extra care on the icy roads and to remember that it takes up to 10 times longer to stop a car in ice or snow.
Communist rebels to observe a suspension in hostile actions against government forces in areas in Southern Philippines affected by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake.
Manila: The presidential palace on Monday lauded the move by communist rebels to observe a suspension in hostile actions against government forces in areas in Southern Philippines affected by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake.
“We are glad that the NPA heeded the call of the military for a ceasefire in earthquake-affected areas. We welcome their declaration and hope they do not renege on it as they had previously done,” Presidential Communications Office Secretary Martin Andanar said in a press statement.
On the evening of February 10, Surigao del Norte and Agusan del Norte provinces was rocked by the powerful earthquake, causing extensive damage and killing least eight people while more than a hundred were injured from falling debris and crashing structures.
The bridge connecting the village of Ipil, Surigao City to San Francisco was destroyed and many roads have cracks or bulges. Many flights to the city have been cancelled because of the damage of the airport runway. Dozens of houses were also while electricity and water utilities in some areas have yet to be restored.
Last Sunday, the North Eastern Mindanao command of the communist armed wing, the New Peoples' Army (NPA) declared a temporary cessation of hostile actions against government forces from February 11 to 22 in Surigao del Norte and the municipalities of Cadbadaran, Tubay, Jabonga and Santiago in Agusan del Norte.
“This ceasefire is being declared to give the Red fighters of the NPA in Front 16, all government agencies, including the police and the Armed Forces of the Philippines, and non-government organisations, the opportunity to inspect the areas affected, especially the mountain areas, for damages resulting from the earthquake,” said the communist umbrella, the National Democratic Front (NDF) in a statement.
“Above all, this declaration of ceasefire is to enable the delivery of immediate aid to the masses and for them to be given assistance towards the rehabilitation of their damaged properties and livelihood,” the NDF said.
On the part of the government, Andanar said assistance to the affected areas should remain continuous and unhampered.
“Unity of the entire Filipino nation is needed particularly those who suffered so much because of the earthquake. The Government and its forces lean forward to provide the fastest and most expeditious assistance our suffering citizens in Surigao need at this time and distractions from criminal activities by armed groups would not be in their best interest,” said Andanar.
On Sunday, President Rodrigo Duterte announced the allocation of P2 billion for relief and recovery efforts during their visit in Surigao City.
Initial reports state that more than 300 houses were damaged and some 100 people were injured after the full impact of the earthquake Friday evening.
Senator Richard Gordon, who also sits as chairperson of the Philippine Red Cross, said most of the patients attended to by their volunteers suffered high blood pressure, difficulty of breathing, abrasion and other minor injuries.
“This earthquake reminds us to be always on guard and prepared for any eventuality. People should have knowledge on how to survive during an earthquake to help lessen the risk of casualty,” said Gordon.
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors this week accepted $5.2 million in external funding to support continuing the county's emPower program.
The funding signals a big vote of confidence from two state agencies. The funding allows the program to continue to help homeowners overcome obstacles to implementing home energy efficiency while also supporting job growth in the local residential construction industry.
It also affords the opportunity to expand emPower's service territory to San Luis Obispo and Ventura counties, an effort that all three counties are eager to continue to explore.
“I am thrilled that action by the Board of Supervisors allows our neighboring counties of Ventura and San Luis Obispo to become partners in our successful emPower program,” Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf said. “emPower is an innovative program that provides voluntary assistance to homeowners and an opportunity to access low interest loans for energy-saving upgrades to their home.”
This influx of funds is a result of the program's history of successfully developing and delivering program services that help meet statewide energy-efficiency objectives and complement utility rebate programs. These services include financing, customer service, expert energy advice, outreach and education,and training to help local construction companies advance their skills and expand their business models.
Over the last 18 months, more than 3,000 interested individuals have engaged with program services. To date, emPower activities have led to energy-efficiency work being done in more than 200 homes, resulting in $1.7 million in project activity for participating contractors, $600,000 in loan activity for participating credit unions and a boost for the local economy. In addition, the emPower program has provided training opportunities for approximately 400 attendees from the building trades, boosting the number of skilled building performance assessment and retrofit professionals.
To continue and expand emPower services, the California Energy Commission has awarded the county $1.55 million (via sub award with Los Angeles County) and the California Public Utilities Commission (via contract with Southern California Gas) awarded $3.7 million.
“This new funding will ensure seamless continuation of the program and ongoing returns on the county's initial investment of federal dollars,” program manager Angie Hacker said.
Click here for more information or to speak with a representative of emPowerSBC, or call 805.568.3566.
— Stacy Miller is a publicist representing emPowerSBC.
Former Super Eagles striker, Yakubu Aiyegbeni, has said that they see “great qualities” in their Coventry City team-mates and that is why they joined the League One club. Aiyegbeni has signed a deal with the Sky Blues until the end of the season. Coventry are currently bottom of the third-tier division, but the 34-year-old is […]
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man accused of being a member of a banned neo-Nazi terrorist group was found kneeling in an airing cupboard after giving away their hiding place, a court heard.
The 23-year-old replied "bloody hell" when asked by a detective "what are you doing in there?", during the counter-terrorism raid.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is on trial alongside two serving British soldiers at Birmingham Crown Court, with all three accused of membership of the extreme far right group National Action.
Giving evidence on Monday, Detective Constable Luke Bielby of West Midlands Police, said officers followed intelligence which led them to a flat.
The door of that address was answered by another male, who claimed the police's target had "been there and then left again".
But asked by Duncan Atkinson QC, prosecuting, what prompted officers to press ahead with the search, Mr Bielby described hearing a noise.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
They said: "He (the male) opened the door and it led to another corridor with stairs - and from behind them there was a noise.
"So we went up the stairs to see what the noise was."
They added: "We went up there and looked in a number of rooms, and there was nothing there.
"But there was a cupboard.
"It's like some kind of storage cupboard."
Mr Atkinson asked: "When you opened the door, other than the boiler, was there anything else in there?"
The officer replied: "Yes, they were kneeling down in the cupboard.
"I just asked them 'what are you doing in a cupboard'?"
"His response was 'bloody hell'.
"I then asked them to come out of the cupboard, and again said 'what are you doing in the cupboard', and they said 'no comment'."
The male claimed they had thrown their mobile phone in a bin, however it was recovered along with other belongings from the cupboard, the jury were told.
As they were being led from the flat under arrest, jurors also heard how they shouted to the man who had opened the door to police "don't co-operate with them".
The male is also charged with three counts of possession of information likely to be of use to terrorists, and an allegation they distributed such material.
Their co-accused, are Royal Anglian Regiment soldiers; Lance Corporal Mikko Vehvilainen, 33, of Sennybridge Camp, Powys, and Private Mark Barrett, 25, of Dhekalia station, Alexander Barracks, Cyprus, but formerly of Kendrew Barracks, Cottesmore, Rutland.
Vehvilainen also faces two further charges of stirring up racial hatred and one count of having a terrorist publication, namely the Anders Breivik manifesto.
The men deny any wrong-doing and the trial, expected to last three weeks, continues.
A man who spent 26 days in prison after being arrested by immigration authorities while travelling on a bus from Belfast to Dublin has been awarded €7,500 compensatory damages.
In the High Court, Ms Justice Mary Faherty ruled the man, a failed asylum seeker, was entitled to compensatory damages over being wrongly deprived of their liberty for 26 days and for a two-hour delay in releasing them after the Supreme Court ruled their detention was unlawful due to defects in the detention warrant.
Rejecting arguments by the State they should get only a nominal award of one euro, they could not accept their period of false imprisonment should be viewed as a “lesser infringement” of the constitutional guarantee to personal liberty since it only came about because of “omissions of a technical nature”.
In assessing compensatory damages at €7,500, the judge said they were taking certain credibility issues into account including that the man, who claimed to be from Sierra Leone but who gardaí believe is Nigerian, was “less than forthcoming” about their nationality.
Based on other findings, including that there was “nothing unsavoury” in the Garda investigation into the man's status, the judge found they were not entitled to aggravated or exemplary damages.
Gardaí acted properly at all times in a situation where they had before them a non-national coming into the State without identity documents, they said.
They did not find credible their explanation for giving two different addresses in Dublin and Cork for their residence here was because they felt intimidated by gardaí.
The man came to Ireland in 2008, was refused asylum in 2009 and refused subsidiary protection in late August 2011.
On August 1st 2011, while on an Ulster Bus travelling to Dublin, they were arrested near Dundalk by gardaí acting as immigration officers. They were refused leave to land in the State and detained overnight at Dundalk Garda station. On their release the next day, they were rearrested and taken to Cloverhill Prison.
The High Court rejected their challenge to the legality of their detention but, on appeal, the Supreme Court ruled on August 26th, 2011 their detention was unlawful for reasons including the detention warrant did not state the fact of the refusal to land.
The man was released at 3pm on August 26th but was immediately re-arrested and detained under a further detention order, dated that same day.
Their lawyers went to the High Court which ruled the two-hour delay in releasing them on August 26th was unlawful but their subsequent arrest and detention was lawful. They were released from custody on September 22nd, 2011 after the Nigerian embassy did not issue a travel pass for him.
In 2013, they took civil proceedings in the High Court against the Garda Commissioner, Governor of Cloverhill Prison and the State, claiming damages for false imprisonment from August 1st to 26th, 2011, including the period from 12.40pm to 3pm on August 26th, 2011. They said their experience in prison was horrible and depressing, they lost their appetite, was unable to sleep and was nervous and anxious.
The defendants denied false imprisonment, said they had illegally entered the state on August 1st 2011 and they were lawfully entitled to arrest and detain them for the purpose of deportation.
A deportation order signed in respect of them in August 2015 stated they had failed to produce any documents to support their claim of being from Sierra Leone but would be returned to Nigeria only if and when the Nigerian authorities accepted they were a Nigerian national.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Garry Monk admits Birmingham City must be sensible in the ‘insane' transfer market - but insists the club has the wherewithal to strengthen.
After last summer's outlay the Blues manager is conscious of the need to reduce the number of professionals registered with the club.
But in terms of bringing in new players, Kristian Pedersen is reported to have cost £2.2m, and there is an interest in Lewis Grabban who is being touted at around £5m.
Those are signs that Monk's hands are not tied.
“As I said when I came in here there are a lot of contracted players, if you look at it on a spreadsheet there's a huge amount of players for first team status,” they told BirminghamLive.
“It's about making sure we can cut that whilst making sure we can get what we want. That's been ongoing.
“In terms of recruiting players, those are discussions between me and the owners but there is a situation there where we can do business - as long as it's within a sensible range. I am comfortable with that.
“Football is a stupid market but there are a few things you can do, a few gems out there - like with Kristian [Pedersen] I think that's a really good piece of business form ourselves.
“And hopefully when they go forward they will show that.
“It's a very difficult market, it's a bit of an insane industry. But I am very comfortable with doing something we feel is the right thing to do.
“Football is never a realistic market, that has gone a long time ago. It's difficult for every single club, every club has different means.
“What we are trying to do is something sensible. Of course we want to fight hard and do as best as possible working in a market like that.
“But it's doing the right thing, the sensible thing - that's what we are trying to work with along with the senior board and the owner.
“Every club is at the same stage right now, there are a few signings and comings and goings but what we want to try and avoid is anything hectic and last minute.
“We have done a lot of work behind the scenes trying to recruit players and target certain players. If we can do that within our budget and it suits us we will do it.”
Monk admits they might find better bounce for their buck in continental markets - but the real value lies not in the provenance of a player but the player himself.
“There can be, of course the British market is a lot more difficult,” they continued.
“But I don't really look at it like that, when I am analysing players there are a lot of things that go into that, character-wise, not just as a footballer but as a human.
“They have to fall into that bracket. I don't really care where you are from.
“There are certain characteristics you need to have and if you are from Africa, Europe, South America or England it's those characteristics you have to have.”
Digga latest
David Davis has provided an injury bulletin after suffering an untimely injury.
Davis hurt their knee in pre-season training at the Trillion Trophy Training Centre at Wast Hills on Monday.
Blues revealed the midfielder was undergoing surgery on the joint today - and the player themselves has revealed the operation went well.
They also promised to return stronger and expressed their gratitude to Bluenoses who sent their best wishes.
Tweeting from their @Diggad1991 Twitter account, they wrote: "Op successful! Ill be back stronger than ever thanks for the messages of support means alot #kro."
A statement on the club website earlier today said: “The 27-year-old has been booked in for an operation today.
“Thereafter, the club will have a clearer picture of their required rehabilitation process and will update in due course.
“The misfortune is naturally major blow for Davis, who was looking in excellent shape in pre-season, and Manager Garry Monk.”
Davis looked set to be an important player under Garry Monk this season and to build on the contract extension announced in May.
They have made 167 appearances since joining from Wolves in the summer of 2014 and is one of the few players to have been picked by every Blues manager in the last 18 months.
Season ticket news
Two successive relegation battles and still Birmingham City supporters' craving for their club grows, with season ticket sales booming.
Just as they bought into the Harry Redknapp revolution last summer, Blues fans are getting behind Garry Monk's new era - in even greater numbers.
In fact the club believe they could even surpass last year's mark of around 14,000, which was boosted by Redknapp's bullish optimism and summer shopping.
Blues haven't been anything like as active in the transfer market under Monk - and they won't be with the manager talking in terms of evolution rather than revolution.
poll loading Would Lewis Grabban be a good signing for Blues? 2000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
But the feelgood factor generated by five wins from the final nine games of last term has clearly spanned the off-season, with just a month to go before the curtain-raiser against Norwich City.
Despite a third brush with the drop in five years attendances rose last season and the average broke the 20,000 mark for the first time since the Premier League days.
By the end of the campaign they averaged 21,042 - well over 2,000 up on the previous season.
Miller Farms celebrates the harvest with a festival 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. every day through mid-November at 13912 Weld road 19 in Platteville. For more information, call (970) 785-6133.
The Fritzler Corn Maze is open 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays beginning Oct. 12, 5-10 p.m. Fridays, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturdays and noon to 5 p.m. Sundays at 20861 Weld County Road 33 in LaSalle. For more information, call (970) 737-2129.
The Greeley Farmers' Market is open from 9 a.m. to noon every Saturday in October at Zoe's Café, 715 10th St. For more information, call (970) 451-1711.
Normally at this time of the year, Dave Petrocco has all of their onions harvested. This year, he's less than a third of the way there.
"It's just too wet," Petrocco said.
The owner of Petrocco Farms isn't alone. Weld County farmers have a few crops that need drier conditions for harvesting, particularly onions, beans, sugar beets and corn silage. The reasons vary from crop-to-crop, but farmers agree:
"We like dry weather in the fall," said Ed Croissant of Raven Farms.
For onions, there are a couple complications, Petrocco explained. The heavy crop is harvested with a machine that pulls onions up from the soil with a chain that digs about three inches into the soil. When the soil's wet, it builds up on the chains, which can quickly render the harvester inoperable.
The onions themselves must dry out to have tops that meet U.S. Department of Agriculture standards. The chain of the harvester leads up to a sickle. There, a blower uses air pressure to make the onions stand up, where the sickle then cuts the tops. But when those tops are wet, they become too heavy for the blower to work.
Recommended Stories For You
Onions make up about 550 out of 3,000 acres of vegetables Petrocco grows in Weld and Adams counties. Their other vegetables, including cabbage, lettuce, peppers, spinach, squash, greens and beets are harvested by hand, so the wet soil isn't as much of a problem. Unfortunately, it does make the harvest more costly because of the added difficulty getting crops out of the wet fields.
Petrocco said it's a race against time to get the onions out of the ground before a frost destroys the crops. And if that doesn't kill it, continued moisture inside the onion bulbs will lead to decay if the crops aren't harvested soon.
Croissant's Raven Farms is located in the Lucerne area, north of Greeley. He's finding similar problems from the past two weeks of cool cloudiness. On a normal year, just as Petrocco would have finished their onions, Croissant would have finished harvesting beans. The cold, wet spell in late August can be blamed for the late maturation of the crops, they said.
He's about halfway through their bean harvest, but the wet conditions have delayed further progress. If the beans don't dry out soon, they could begin to re-sprout.
"You'd have to probably discard everything," they said.
With all the expenses that go into raising crop — including seeds, labor, weeding, pest control, cultivation, irrigation, fertilizing and even the cost of the land itself — that's no easy hit to take. Croissant said that could translate to a loss of about $1,000 an acre for their bean crops.
"When Mother Nature takes it from you, it's a complete loss," Petrocco said.
Dave Eckhardt isn't as worried about their shell corn; it's a hardier crop that's fine as long as it's still standing, they said. They farm with their father and brother south of LaSalle, around Peckham.
The corn kernels need a low moisture content to meet certain feedlot standards, and wet ears of corn can plug up the combine used to harvest the crops. Each storm sets the harvest back by a few days. This year, the harvest seems to be behind by about seven to 10 days, Eckhardt said. Having harvested as late as the new year, Eckhardt said he's not too concerned.
"There's a lot of nice looking corn around the county. I'd assume it would be as good as last year," they said.
The wet soil conditions in Weld could spell trouble for the sugar beet harvest, which is supposed to start Monday, Croissant said. A serious frost could destroy farmers' sugar beets if they can't harvest the crops in time.
Petrocco said farmers need sunshine and a breeze to help dry out the soil. But according to the National Weather Service, Weld is due for some rain or snow come Monday.
"It's looking really, really bad," Petrocco said looking over fields of onions yet to be harvested.
Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
NASA astronauts Steven Smith and John Grunsfeld perform a spacewalk during a December 1999 mission of the space shuttle Discovery to service the Hubble Space Telescope.
Hubble flew into orbit on April 24, 1990, aboard Discovery. The first major optical telescope to be placed in space, Hubble has circled Earth more than 163,500 times and traveled even farther than the distance from Earth to Pluto.
Here's a small sampling of some of the dazzling images captured by Hubble that have changed the way we view the universe.
The big picture: Microtransactions and gaming addiction are two of the industry's most controversial topics, especially when they affect younger players. In China, Tencent—parent company of League of Legends dev Riot Games—is introducing restrictions to try and address these issues.
Following the World Health Organization's decision to officially classify ‘Gaming Disorder' as a mental condition, the spotlight has once again fallen on video game addiction. In China, home to the world's largest number of internet users, companies are doing what they can to control the amount of time children spend gaming online, and how much of their parents' money they hand over.
Tencent, China's biggest social media and gaming company, has said it will notify bill payers whenever an underage QQ account holder spends more than $75 cumulatively over a 30-day period.
QQ is a messaging service developed by the Chinese firm. It has over 800 million users and account holders can access the company's range of titles, including League of Legends and China's most popular game, Honor of Kings (aka King of Glory), which has more than 163 million monthly players in the country.
As noted by the South China Morning Post, Tencent recently announced that it would alert bill-paying account holders—i.e. parents—whenever a child spent more than $75 in a single day. It has now decided that this limit was set too high and will instead send alerts once in-game spending passes $75 over 30 days, rather than just 24 hours.
Last year, Tencent introduced time restrictions for young Honor of Kings players amid concerns it was affecting their health and studies. Users under 12 can only play for one hour per day and can't log into the game after 9 pm, while those between 12 and 18 will only be allowed two hours play each day.
The UN children's agency has castigated Yemen's warring parties for killing, wounding and starving children, who make up half that country's population of 22 million.
More than 2,000 children have been forced to fight while thousands are dying of preventable diseases and suffering from malnutrition. Nearly 19 million Yemenis require humanitarian aid; eight million faces the threat of famine.
Following a visit to Yemen, Unicef executive director Henrietta Fore stated, “The relentless conflict in Yemen has pushed a country already on the brink deep into the abyss.”
They said 2,200 children had been killed and 3,400 injured, adding: “These are only numbers we have been able to verify. The actual figures could be even higher. There is no justification for this carnage.”
The UN figure for fatalities has remained at 10,000 for many months and is contested by humanitarian agencies. Last November, Save the Children reported 130 children were dying every day and more than 50,000 were believed to have succumbed to disease in 2017.
Such reports and emotional appeals by the international community to halt the war have not, so far, swayed the Saudi-United Arab Emirates (UAE) coalition, which launched a military campaign in March 2015 against Houthi tribal rebels who had seized most of the country during 2014.
Nevertheless, the Emiratis and Saudis have paused an offensive to wrest Hodeidah port and city from the Houthis, who are accused of being allied to Shia Iran, seen by the two Sunni powers as their chief rival for regional influence.
Stalled offensive
There are three reasons the offensive has been put on hold. The UAE, which is leading the operation, understands it is bad public relations to bludgeon Hodeidah when UN mediator Martin Griffiths is making the rounds with a proposal to hand over to UN control the port, through which 70 per cent of imports reaches the country.
While the sides could agree on this, the Houthis seek to retain control of the city while the Saudis and Emiratis demand full withdrawal.
Griffiths, who is to brief the UN Security Council on Thursday, called this week's talks with rebel leader Abdel Malik al-Houthi “positive and constructive”. Griffiths has yet to meet Saudi-backed Yemeni president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi.
Unicef's tough language increases pressure on the combatants to give negotiations a chance. The Houthis have been accused of recruiting 67 per cent of child soldiers. The UAE has been cited for human rights abuses in its prisons in Yemen. The Saudis have been charged with indiscriminate bombing of civilians, schools, and hospitals. Reducing Hodeidah, a city of 600,000 to rubble, would be a public relations disaster.
Ground forces
The UAE, which has deployed ground forces, has a compelling military reason to avoid an all-out battle in the streets of Hodeidah. The Houthis, who are well-prepared to defend the city, have vowed to fight to the finish. Urban warfare could cost many casualties among attacking forces, both Emirati soldiers and Yemeni recruits.
The Yemen war is highly unpopular in the UAE, where the army has suffered more than 100 fatalities. Emiratis resent the war's cost and regard it bad for business and tourism.
Finally, the UAE and Saudi Arabia are not only coalition partners but also competitors for dominance in post-war Yemen. The Saudis are not keen for UAE forces to take control of Hodeidah, Yemen's main port city. Hodeidah would be a major asset in the UAE's quest for maritime reach.
The allies are also at cross-purposes: the Saudis want to restore the recognised government of all Yemen headed by Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi, while the UAE sponsors south Yemeni separatists determined to redivide the country, unified in 1990.
Posted on June 15, 2013 | 10:00 a.m.
Source: Dennett Family
Margaret Jean Dennett was born in Michigan and moved to Santa Barbara, California, at 1 month of age with their parents, Arabel and Clyde Rizor, their sister, Harriet (Dillingham), and brother John Rizor.
As a young child, Jean and their family lived on Dos Pueblos Ranch while their father was employed as the ranch bookkeeper. Jean attended Ellwood Elementary School, moving on to Santa Barbara Junior High School, and graduated with the Class of ‘41 at Santa Barbara High School.
After graduation, they met their future husband, Edward James Dennett, while they were serving in the Army. They married in 1944, eventually settling down on the Mesa, and raising their three children, Patti (Roddenberry), Kathy (Paulsen) and Edward Jr. Jean had a meaningful career as a bank employee, retiring from Crocker Bank/Wells Fargo Bank on the Mesa in 1985.
Jean loved their life and family. They enjoyed taking their dogs for walks through the neighborhood, and walking with their grandchildren along Shoreline Park. They led an active social life and kept busy in the Optimist Club, garden clubs and bowling leagues.
 They are survived by their loving husband of 69 years (Edward Sr.); daughter Patti Roddenberry and their children, Michelle Padilla and John Roddenberry; son Edward, their wife, Linda, and their children Jacob, Eric, Jordan and Leigh-Anne Dennett; daughter Kathy Paulsen, their husband, Brad, and their children, Jessie, Lacey and Daniel Paulsen; and blessed with 11 great-grandchildren.
A special heartfelt thank you to the devoted caregivers, Gradine and Alyssa, and to Santa Maria Hospice.
Two months have passed since Jean gave their lives to Jesus Christ, proclaiming “I believe, I believe, I believe!”, and leaving no question that they are truly singing and dancing in Heaven.
A memorial service will be held at 1 p.m. Thursday, June 20, 2013, at the Santa Barbara Cemetery chapel, 901 Channel Drive.
Arrangements are by McDermott-Crockett & Associates Mortuary.
Five teachers of the Polytechnic Academic Staff Secondary School Birnin Kebbi, have been sacked for impregnating an SS3 student of the school.
The girl was also expelled from the school.
Sources confirmed that the decision to dismiss the five teachers followed the recommendation of a committee set up by the school to investigate the matter.
“The committee submitted report on Monday and recommended that all the five teachers should be dismissed from service immediately.
“The management have dismissed the teachers and the victim was also expelled from the school.
“When the committee interrogated each of the teachers, they confessed that they have been having sexual relationship with the victim separately, so, they were sacked immediately based on the committee's recommendations”, the source added.
The affected teachers had forwarded an appeal against their dismissal to the school's management board.
The Principal of the school, Malam Muhammed Mahuta was said to be in hospital for weeks before the incident, but their Vice, Malam Oumar Woulandakoye confirmed the development, adding that the affected teachers had filed an appeal against their dismissal.
” I will advise that you should wait till the final report of the School Board, because I just received their memo now that they are going to sit on the matter tomorrow,” they told NAN.(NAN)
Actually, a much bigger surprise would have been Herman anointing Buechele. As good as Buechele was in Saturday's Orange-White spring game, Herman has other concerns. With just two scholarship quarterbacks, they admitted they would like to add another. And it would take a really hard sell for any grad transfer quarterback to come into a situation where the starter is already decided. Plus , Herman's approach has been to push all their players hard . He's not likely to change at the most important position. Remember, this is nothing new -- at Texas and elsewhere. Buechele was just as impressive last season in the spring game and Charlie Strong waited until the opener -- remember the rumors of Tyrone Swoopes starting? -- to name Buechele. Oh, and even with Buechele playing well, Herman has some work to do. Based on the Orange-White spring game , Texas looks like maybe a six- to eight-win team next season.
2) Mike Gundy's mullet won't be the best story about Oklahoma State
The Cowboys are getting a lot of love as the team most likely to challenge Oklahoma in the Big 12. Based on this spring, it may be deserved. Mason Rudolph is an elite quarterback and may have the best collection of receivers (James Washington, Marcell Ateman, Chris Lacy, LSU transfer Tyron Johnson, etc) in college football. The Cowboys also landed two significant grad transfers in Clemson cornerback Adrian Baker and hulking Cal offensive tackle Aaron Cochran (6-8, 350). "Last year I had mentioned to the media that I was concerned that we hadn't really created an identity for our team and we didn't until about the third or fourth game of the year," Gundy said. "I think that we've somewhat created our identity now for next year's team."
3) The next NCAA battle awaits
A major college football recruiting reform package is on its way to passage later this month. If you're looking ahead, the next major discussion may be football staff sizes. Big 12 Commissioner Bob Bowlsby, the head of the NCAA's Division I football oversight committee, suggested a "deep dive" into staff size and noted that one (unnamed) school might have as many as 97 football employees. Yes, the growth of support staff is a concern. But expect lots of pushbacks. Alabama's Nick Saban, who led the hiring of analysts and support personnel and may be that guy with 97 staffers, took little time defending their empire. "I guess it's the paranoia that we all have," Saban told Alabama reporters, "that somebody else is doing something that I am allowed to do and everyone else is allowed to do it but you choose not to do it."
Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
Agnyaathavaasi
Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan's Agnyaathavaasi hit the screens during Sankranthi and opened to a good response at the box office despite receiving unflattering reviews from all corners. The negative WOM soon caught up with the film and it ultimately proved to be a disappointment for all concerned. Agnyaathavaasi also had Keerthy Suresh and Aadhi in the lead.
Touch Chesi Chudu
The year started on a bad note for Ravi Teja when their Touch Chesi Chudu opened to a poor response at the box office and failed to impress the critics. Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, it ended with a final distributor's share of Rs 9 Crore and proved to be a disaster. Touch Chesi Chudu also featured Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead.
Naa Peru Surya
Featuring Tollywood's 'Stylish Star' Allu Arjun in the lead, Naa Peru Surya was one of the biggest releases of the year and hit the screens on May 4, 2018. Unfortunately, it underperformed at the box office and its distributors suffered losses.
Nela Ticket
The second Ravi Teja starrer to feature on the list, Nela Ticket hit the theatres on May 25, 2018 and proved to be a box office dud. It ended with a distributor's share of around Rs 9.5 Crore and received negative reviews.
Officer
Officer marked Nagarjuna's first film with Ram Gopal Varma in over two decades and hit the screens on June 1, 2018. Featuring the veteran actor in the role of a cop, it sank without a trace and failed to impress the movie buffs.
Embarrassment is a key factor preventing people in financial difficulty asking for help, research has revealed. Being unaware of the help available also contributes to delays in seeking advice.
So TV Licensing has today announced the launch of a new interactive online map, to help combat the problem and make it easier for people to find organisations in Northern Ireland offering financial advice.
The map provides locations and details of over 480 partners which can provide support on TV Licensing issues and can be viewed at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk
According to the National Debtline1, nearly six in ten (59%) of their clients wait over 6 months before asking for help, while more than four in ten people (44%) wait for a year or more before getting in touch.
In 2017, five percent (5.4%) of callers to the National Debtline, run by the Money Advice Trust, had TV licence debt.
TV Licensing works with more than 400 charities and money advice organisations to give the best advice and information to people who approach them for assistance on staying licenced.
A licence costs £150.50 for the year, but there are payment plans which make it possible to pay in smaller, more manageable chunks.
Sinéad Campbell, Head of Money, Debt & Quality at Advice NI, said: “We often find that people who come forward to discuss their debts are embarrassed and ashamed, with many hiding the truth from family members and close friends.
“Our message is simple. Anyone struggling financially should reach out immediately and seek free, confidential advice from organisations like Advice NI who have experienced representatives to help. Our advice is independent and impartial and we are here to help.”
Karen Grimason, spokesperson for TV Licensing, said: “Our new online map at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk gives details of local money advice partners who are there to listen and help with money advice. There are a number of ways to pay for a TV Licence including weekly cash payments from as little as £6 a week, and we are always happy to offer advice to help people find the payment method best suited to them”.
“We are also running a new payment plan trial. More information about eligibility for the Simple Payment Plan is available on our website at https://spp.tvlicensing.co.uk or through money advice organisations”.
A licence is needed to watch or record live TV, on any device including a laptop, tablet or mobile phone. You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch or record live TV programmes on any channel or device, and to download or watch BBC programmes on iPlayer.
The latest episode of the Rolling Stone Music Now podcast is now available. Listen and subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Spotify or check it out below.
This week, Dan Auerbach breaks
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Listen to the ‘Rolling Stone Music Now' Podcast: Dan Auerbach; Gregg Allman Remembered
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
(WSVN) - A Miami-Dade County School Board member is taking action. She's upset the county didn't tell the board about arsenic contamination in a park used by students. And they only learned about the arsenic problem after watching a 7News investigation. 7's Andrew Scheinthal has more on this “Poison Park?”
There are four areas that are closed off inside Miami-Dade's Devon-Aire Park. Inside these areas, work has begun to get rid of dirt contaminated with arsenic.
Lubby Navarro, Miami-Dade School Board: “There is an area away from the area of the school that still needs remediating. To our knowledge, the area, the park is not going to be closed, but the work will continue.”
Last month, 7News reported that county officials knew the park was contaminated for several years.
It's located at Southwest 122nd Avenue and Killian Parkway in the district represented by school board member Lubby Navarro. They say they had no idea of the problem.
Lubby Navarro: “Well, I want to thank Channel 7 for reporting the news, and that's how I found out.”
Arsenic in the park is confined to the baseball fields, and the levels are below what's considered to be harmful.
The county said it was planning on cleaning the area but didn't have the money.
Soon after our story aired, the county did find money to do the work.
Wilbur Mayorga, Miami-Dade County: “To remove some amount of contaminative soil, about 12 inches, to implement a liner to create a clear demarcation between the remaining soil and the sub areas and the clean field that needs to be brought.”
Devon-Aire K-8 School uses the park for recess and other outdoor activities. That's why Navarro says the county should have told them about the contamination.
Lubby Navarro: “I think that's point one. The lack of notification really kind of shocked us, but immediately we went into the process to begin to find out what was happening.”
Navarro created a proposal, that passed at last week's school board meeting, for the county to always tell the board whenever contamination is found at public parks used by schools.
Lubby Navarro: “I know the county and district staff are in the process of collaborating a new master agreement where we'll oversee all this process.”
The Department of Parks, Recreation and Open Spaces tells 7News they will discuss the cleanup progress with the Devon-Aire community in a meeting on Aug. 28.
You can see the results from the soil testing, and watch our past report by clicking here.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Putting all of Leopardstown's eggs into the Dublin Racing Festival basket is put to the test this weekend.
The decision to try and replicate Irish Champions Weekend on the flat means the feature races from Leopardstown's previous three best standalone fixtures are concentrated into 24 hours over Saturday and Sunday.
With new races thrown in too, and prizemoney boosted to €1.5 million, the result is seven Grade One contests, three Grade Twos, a couple of six-figure handicaps, and a trio of “mere” 75-grand races that would ordinarily be centre stage.
It's a move that follows the trend of concentrating resources into profile-promoting showcase events, and there's a lot riding on it.
Such a concentration inevitably left January's action looking a little threadbare, and the idea that this weekend's action will not be viewed through the prism of the ultimate showcase at Cheltenham next month is far-fetched.
Already Cheltenham's overwhelming influence has, unsurprisingly, resulted in an underwhelming level of cross-channel representation.
Keeping powder dry for the Cotswolds also means both Road to Respect and 2017's Horse of the Year Sizing John miss Sunday's featured €200,000 Irish Gold Cup. That leaves the likely favourite, Our Duke, as the only one of Ireland's top-five rated chasers to appear at the new festival.
Nevertheless, Faugheen's intriguing appearance in Saturday's BHP Irish Champion Hurdle, as well as Samcro's eagerly anticipated return to action a day later, are the sprinkle of stardust on a very rich list of ingredients.
So, at the risk of over-egging the metaphor, there's no excuse for it not to rise into a perfect soufflé of all that's best in a sport experiencing unprecedented levels of international success and eager to extend its public appeal.
This will be Irish jump racing in its best bib and tucker and the public verdict will get parsed over for a lot longer than the 15 races take to run.
Explanation
The most frustrating element to Faugheen's shock Christmas defeat at the track is the lack of any sort of explanation as to how it happened.
Champion Hurdle winners rated alongside the absolute elite ever to race over flights are not supposed to get pulled up before the second last in races for which they start 2-11 favourite.
Six weeks of speculation as to the how and why it happened has been varied, occasionally fanciful, and ultimately futile. Faugheen was physically fine after the race and nothing medical has shown up in the aftermath. That leaves a dilemma.
If Christmas was a blip, and the old Faugheen shows up at Leopardstown, then a wonderful talent rated a stone clear of their opposition and available at a shade of odds against is a gift from the punting gods. But if Willie Mullins isn't sure it was a one-off, how can anyone else be?
Faugheen's stable companion Melon dons a first-time hood to try to settle him, while there are also plenty of question marks over the English hope, Defi Du Seuil.
However, if such queries aren't answered, there could be some each-way value opting for the Mullins third-string Bapaume who travelled notably well to the closing stages of a three-mile event at Christmas.
There's nothing each-way about the hype surrounding Samcro who lines up for Sunday's Deloitte Novice Hurdle.
Youngster
With no less than Davy Russell calling them “as good a horse as we'll ever see”, even the idea of a youngster with two runs over hurdles under their belt taking on Faugheen & co didn't seem too far-fetched earlier in the week.
Samcro is back to the minimum trip after their last run in November over two and a half. They initially looked set to appear in Saturday's opener but now takes on 10 opponents including four from Willie Mullins.
If Samcro can't beat these, then the hype machine can be switched off afterwards. But for now it's still on full-blast for Michael O'Leary's most exciting young prospect.
The Ryanair boss dominated the Christmas Chase when Road to Respect led home a Gigginstown clean sweep. Their absence leaves Our Duke's attempt to successfully return from a back problem the central narrative of the Unibet Irish Gold Cup.
If Jessica Harrington's Irish National hero is impressive, they could jump over their stable companion Sizing John in the Cheltenham Gold Cup betting. If they aren't, then Valseur Lido could be value to step up from their own comeback to action over Christmas.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Written and Media by: Taylor Ratcliffe
Names like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Louis Ferrigno stick out to most people for their acting careers and subsequent fame. Schwarzenegger is famous for The Terminator and Ferrigno is famous for being the Incredible Hulk. What most people do not know is they both competed against each other in bodybuilding back in the 1975 Mr. Olympia. Their journey, and the journey of other big names such as Franco Columbu and Mike Katz, were documented in the 1977 film Pumping Iron. These men and more revolutionized a sport that would continue to develop for years to come.
As years progressed, the sport of bodybuilding started to take on a new form. Bodybuilders were way bigger than they were in the 70's. Competitions have become broader in both men and women with different categories to compete in. Men's and women's bodybuilding is nothing like the old bodybuilding. Rather, the physique classes for men and women today would be the high ends of the bodybuilder classes in the 70's. Proportion sizes are not as big of a deal in today's day and age. Now bodybuilders are concerned with how big they can get, not necessarily how good they can look. In 2013, a movie called Generation Iron came out following the stories of today's bodybuilders such as Kai Greene and Phil Heath, two of the biggest names in bodybuilding.
As seen in both movies, bodybuilders are questioned about whether or not they use steroids. Not only do viewers notice a huge size difference in bodybuilders but a difference in response as well. The competitors in the 70's would say no, but competitors today say that they have to do whatever they can to keep up. Although former competitors said no then, they all would fess up and say they most definitely did. The difference between the use of steroids back in the 70's and now is the overuse of them. Competitors in the 70's used them occasionally to help get a little extra edge over their competitors. Today, the highest names competing for Mr. Olympia tend to overuse them. The look of the turtle shell bellies shows viewers this is the case. Although steroids tend to play a factor in bodybuilding, hard work and dedication also play a huge role.
Coming out later this year, The Muscle PhD will be producing Generation Iron 2. The Muscle PhD is run by Dr. Jacob Wilson, a researcher at The Applied Science and Performance Institute (ASPI). They and their team frequently discuss better techniques on how to train and eating habits that will help bodybuilders and other athletes achieve peak performance. They are constantly doing studies to see what techniques work best and how they affect these athletes. Because they are producing Generation Iron 2, they will be discussing most of the factors they and their team have discovered that will improve athletes in the gym. From videos seen on Instagram, they will be using IFBB pro bodybuilders, both male and female, to show viewers the effects of different techniques and how it will affect their muscle growth.
Bodybuilding is a very controversial sport when it comes to how the athletes attain their size. However, with Generation Iron 2, viewers and critics will get a better look at the world of bodybuilding. It will become apparent that size doesn't just come from popping pills or shooting up, rather it comes with a lot of hard work and the knowledge of correct technique in muscle engagement.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Warwickshire first-team coach Jim Troughton saluted “a great collective effort” which lifted their team to an innings-and-48-run victory over Northamptonshire at Northampton.
The Bears' season is up and running in earnest after they completed the most emphatic of wins inside three days on Sunday.
They made light of the loss of injured frontline bowlers Olly Stone and Keith Barker as Ryan Sidebottom and Henry Brookes came into the side and had excellent games.
Sidebottom finished with match figures of ten for 96 while Brookes took three wickets and scored a match-changing 70 with the bat.
“It was a good, solid three days of hard work and good cricket by the guys and they thoroughly deserved the win,” Troughton said. “It was a great collective effort.
“Ryan and Henry came in and responded with excellent performances along with Matt Lamb, who batted very well to thwart the Northants bowling attack at a crucial time. Matt laid a platform, along with Sam Hain and Will Rhodes, which allowed Tim Ambrose and Henry to bat us into a really strong position.
“I'm also really happy for Jeets for getting their first win as captain. They bowled really well too and we had to work for it on the last day. Josh Cobb and Adam Rossington put on a partnership that kept us waiting but we kept our cool and kept hammering away. Chris Wright put in a great shift for us and created openings just before lunch and tea. Everybody did their jobs.
“We all know what happened last year and we have talked a lot about that and how we need to put it to bed. This win is a start. That's all it is, a start, but we have a good, solid points haul and also scored 400 runs which, on that wicket, was a really good effort.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Top actor David Tennant is coming to a film premiere in Birmingham!
They will be at the red carpet launch of their new movie together with a host of celebrities, including the likes of Doctor Who actors Peter Davison and Ingrid Oliver, Corrie's Jimmi Harkishin, singer Jack Savoretti and footballer Jack Cork.
Celebrity chef Ainsley Harriot will also be there together with the cast of BBC's Doctors and Poldark actor Christian Brassington.
Cineworld Broad Street is hosting the Birmingham film premiere of You, Me and Him, a comedy-drama about a lesbian couple at different points in their lives. The store features high-powered lawyer Olivia (Lucy Punch) who, at nearly 40, wants to start a family but their free-wheeling younger partner Alex (Faye Marsay) doesn't share them urgency.
What happens next involves recently-divorced neighbour John (David Tennant) and a tangled web of consequences and pregnancies.
Part of the film was shot in the Midlands including George Eliot Hospital in Nuneaton in November 2016 and in Stratford, where Tennant and co-star Lucy Punch were spotted on a rowing boat.
Baby Lifeline is the official charity partner of the film.
The red carpet premiere will take place at the Broad Street cinema on Saturday, March 31 at 6.30pm.
David Tennant will be joined on the red carpet by cast including Faye Marsay, Georgia E Tennant, Sally Phillips and director Daisy Aitkens.
Both David Tennant and Sally Phillips are ambassadors for the charity Baby Lifeline's £5 million Monitoring for Mums appeal to provide maternity and neonatal equipment for maternity services nationally, and the premiere will raise funds for this appeal.
Tickets are available here
The last major red carpet premiere at Cineworld in Broad Street was for the launch of the fourth series of Peaky Blinders last November.
There are loads of exciting events happening in 2018 – check out our guide here
We also have plenty of new attractions coming to the region too – take a look at what we're looking forward to here
When you tweet as often as I do, you learn to take the rough with the smooth. Even though it has led to death threats (dealt with by the police) I overwhelmingly enjoy it. I like the immediacy of it and I like the interaction.
Best of all, I learn from it.
And yesterday I learned something loud and clear. To be accurate, I had something confirmed that I and many others have long thought: that, at least on social media, much of the support for Jeremy Corbyn is akin to a cult, with the Labour leader worshipped as a god-like creature who cannot be criticised.
Yesterday morning, I read President Trump's statement in reaction to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, in which they condemned ‘this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.'
It struck me – as it has many others – that in refusing to condemn the white supremacists by name, and equating them with those who were demonstrating against them, they were employing the same form of words, and using the same political wriggle, that Jeremy Corbyn had done in their statement about Venezuela when they said: ‘What I condemn is the violence that has been done by any side, by all sides, in this.'
The parallels seemed interesting. In both cases – Charlottesville and Venezuela – there is no grey area. No decent politician should find it difficult to come down on one side in either case. Any politician – any human being – with a shred of humanity and decency should not have to think twice about condemning the behaviour of either the white supremacists in Charlottesville or the Maduro regime in Venezuela. But for President Trump and Jeremy Corbyn, that has indeed proved impossible, each instead blaming respectively ‘many sides' in Charlottesville and ‘all sides' in Venezuela.
And so I tweeted this, with a link to a story pointing out President Trump's equivocation: ‘Read their words: Trump is the mirror image of Corbyn on Venezuela.'
We could have a semantic debate about the meaning of ‘mirror image' but from many of the replies to my tweet, it was clear what I meant: President Trump's refusal to attach specific blame to the white supremacists in Charlottesville is as bad as Jeremy Corbyn's refusal to attach specific blame to the Maduro regime in Venezuela.
For many of those who replied, this prompted an interesting discussion about the two men's (very different) ideological roots and political bases, and how they are in thrall to them.
But for many, many more (a few hundred), this was evidence of something else altogether – my own moral degeneracy. I was apparently not only showing my support for the fascists but using Donald Trump's words as a mechanism for attacking Jeremy Corbyn. Because – and I doubt this will surprise you – those many more all had something in common: their avowed support for Jeremy Corbyn. And anyone who criticises Mr Corbyn is by definition ‘scum'.
Most of the tweets in response to me were the usual insults – par for the course from Corbyn supporters, along the lines of ‘You are a moron' ‘You fat fascist supporting scum' and such like. Typically, some seemed to think my religion was behind all this: ‘Tell them any crap at the Shul but don't pretend it's news.'
But more interesting was the commentary the tweets provided on the intellectual contortions involved in being a Corbynite keyboard-warrior. A series of self-proclaimed lefties couldn't see the flaw in attacking me for a tweet in which I attacked Trump for not unambiguously condemning fascists.
To take a few:
‘Making that sort of equivalence, between neonazis and those fighting them, is shameful apologism for the former.'
‘Pollard was severely minimising evil of white supremacism.'
‘Focus on the fascists in Poland and Hungary and US truly terrifying. Disgusting that you equate Corbyn with the far right.'
‘I would never have believed that Democratic Socialism was considered more dangerous to the elite than real, actual Fascism, but there it is.'
‘Are you really that thick to compare what is going on in Venezuela to neo Nazis in Charlottesville? Shameless bullshit from you.'
And my personal favourite:
‘Shut up, you're stupidity and utterly pathetic rhetoric belongs back up your backside where poop belongs' – and this from a tweeter whose biography (under a picture of Jeremy Corbyn) reads: ‘Decency at all times, respect, kindness and truth.'
I don't like accusing those with whom I disagree of being stupid. It is rude, and it is rarely true. But in this instance, I struggle to find another explanation for supporters of a supposedly progressive political leader attacking someone for a tweet pointing out that the president of the US had failed properly to condemn white supremacists.
Unless, as I have suggested, they are simply unthinking – and are, in effect, worshippers in a cult. And if the leader of that cult is attacked, the attacker must be vilified.
Let's see what today brings…
Stephen Pollard is editor of the Jewish Chronicle
rom right to left Stan, Evelyn and Manne
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
Evelyn Whitney Hall was a teenager when they took care of two little boys, Stan and Manne Magady. Stan grew up to become a superintendent of Lee's Summit Schools and Manne became a teacher at Lee's Summit High School. Stan and Manne's parents died and they were separated from Evelyn after moving in with an aunt and uncle.
A chance conversation with the admissions and marketing director Leigh Ann Hall at Edgewood Manor, a nursing home in Raytown, brought the three together.
“One day at the nursing home, three of us were talking and my mom asked Leigh Ann if their parents were in a nursing home. Leigh Ann replied, ‘my dad was a principal at a Lee's Summit school.' My mom asked, ‘Did your dad know Stan Magady?' My mom told Leigh Ann that they lived with the Magady boys and took care of them. “She lost touch with them and wanted to see them again,” says Linda Flynn, Evelyn's daughter.
Hall called their father Jim Lemery, a retired Lee's Summit school principal. “Leigh Ann called me and asked if I knew Stan or Manne Magady,” says Lemery. “One of their residents wanted to see them again and they had not seen them in over 70 years. Leigh Ann knew that I worked for the Lee's Summit School district.”
Lemery called Manne Magady who said they didn't know Evelyn. “I told them that when they were a teenager that they lived with their family and took care of them,” says Lemery. “The father died of a heart attack and the mom died shortly thereafter. They told me that they had pictures of them and their brother with a young woman that they didn't know who they are.”
Manne Magady says they remember as a small child that there was someone who lived with them and took care of them. They were six years old when their dad died and nine years old when their mom died. Their brother, Stan, is two years older than him. They moved in with an aunt and uncle after their parents died.
Lemery arranged the reunion at Edgewood Manor. “When I walked into their room, they asked, ‘where's Stanley?' They remembered my mom's name was Ruth and that they had bright red hair. They lived with our family and their daughter showed us a photo album with pictures of us when we we're little,” Magady said.
“Her daughter asked her, ‘mom can't we give them the pictures now?'” Magady said. “I showed them a picture of me and Stan with a young woman and Evelyn said, ‘that's me.'” Hall was a senior in high school when they took care of the Magadys who they called them boys.
Hall passed away soon after they were reunited with the Magady boys. Them daughter sent a note to Manne after the funeral, “Mom is so grateful they got to see their little boys they loved. Mom really loved you and Stan. My mom will always be watching over the Magady boys.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
How many points do you think Aston Villa will get in October?
Villa plays three Championship fixtures this month when they resume after the international break.
It's Wolverhampton Wanderers away at 5.30pm on Saturday October 14. Then they host Fulham at Villa Park at 3pm on Saturday October 21.
Their final match of the month is the Second City derby against Birmingham City at St Andrew's at midday on Sunday, October 29.
Will Villa get a maximum haul of nine points or with they fall short?
poll loading How many points will Aston Villa get in October? 0+ VOTES SO FAR 0-1 2-4 5-7 9
Last month Villa recovered from a slow start to September to post 14 points from six matches.
Frustrations grew as Villa began last month with back to back goalless draws against Brentford and Middlesbrough at Villa Park.
But victories over Barnsley, Nottingham Forest, Burton Albion and Bolton Wanderers breathed life into Steve Bruce's Championship promotion push.
Villa owner Tony Xia said before September got under way that it was a crucial month when 'results only matter'.
Listen to our latest Villa podcast
They were right - and you were accurate with your predictions too.
We've delved back to a poll we ran around a month ago and guess what? Almost half of you were bang on!
Forty seven per cent of those who voted reckoned Villa would finish in the 10-14 points bracket.
The next most popular points category was 5-9 points, with 26 per cent of fans predicting that return.
Some 15 per cent of you thought Villa would do better than they did, tipping them for 15-18 points in September (but for Scott Hogan's goalline clearance from Conor Hourihane in the Boro draw, you would have been right!).
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether they were groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which they were granted.
In their closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped their suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In their own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why their client would introduce themselves by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying they had not proven Swift had set out to get them fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after their own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug dealing van driver has been ordered to repay £130,000 of ill-gotten gains - after they were caught using a phone at the wheel.
Stuart Hatfield was spotted by patrol officers on their mobile while driving in Hollyhock Road, Hall Green, back in December 2015.
They detected a smell of cannabis and a search of the vehicle revealed a carrier bag stuffed with more than £9,000 in cash.
And when they went to their home in Gilscroft Road, Stechford, they discovered a cannabis factory.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
Hatfield received a suspended jail sentence in 2016 for cultivating drugs and West Midlands Police to launch a Proceeds of Crime investigation.
Financial investigators from the force's Economic Crime Unit identified more than £200,000 of unexplained deposits into their bank accounts over a six-year period, plus property collectively valued at around £100,000.
The 36-year-old claimed to be a self-employed plumber but could provide no evidence of business transactions or that the cash payments were accrued lawfully.
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
And at Birmingham Crown Court on Friday a judge deemed their total profit from drug dealing amounted to £363,232 and ordered them to repay £130,282 immediately or face 15 months in jail.
The remaining amount will hang over them for life and police can seize cash or property at a later date in order to pay off the debt.
Investigating officer, Detective Constable Kezia Smith, said: “What started off as a motoring offence, with them facing six points on their licence and a £200 fine, quickly escalated when their mobile phone use led us to uncover their drug production and dealing.
“Our Economic Crime Unit reviewed Hatfields's finances for the last six years and anything they were unable to account for was assumed to be from criminal conduct until they proved otherwise.
“The confiscation investigation took more than two years but Hatfield was never able to produce evidence to prove they had come about the money lawfully.”
Officers found a sophisticated cannabis production set-up at Hatfield's home address with plant pots automatically fed and watered with a hydrophonics system.
Drug experts assessed it had an estimated yield of up to £17,000, while two bin liners were found to contain cannabis bud valued at more than £6,000. The electricity supply had also been bypassed.
Rebecca Walburn from West Midlands Police's Economic Crime Unit added: “The end of the criminal case was only the start of our financial investigation. If we suspect anyone has profited through criminal activity we will always pursue them through the courts using the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA).
“The money seized is put back into the public purse and can be spent on community initiatives and crime prevention schemes.”
Anyone with information on suspected drug cultivation or dealing is urged to contact West Midlands Police on 101 or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
They are the NFL dregs, but these players clean up pretty nicely. In its first month, the four-team Fall Experimental Football League, including the Brooklyn Bolts, has scored a major...
Wikimedia Commons
Elizabeth Blackwell, “the first woman in the United States to earn a medical degree,” is the subject of a Google Doodle honoring what would have been their 197th birthday.
In its biography on Blackwell, Google described them as “an active champion of women's rights, and an abolitionist,” saying that Elizabeth Blackwell “was nothing if not a pioneer.”
Them contributions to the medical profession extended beyond their own degree. “Elizabeth Blackwell championed the participation of women in the medical profession and ultimately opened their own medical college for women,” a biography of them on Womenshistory.org notes.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Elizabeth Blackwell Was an Immigrant From Bristol & Worked as a Teacher
Blackwell “grew up in Bristol and emigrated to the United States with their family, where they began their professional life as a teacher,” Google noted. Them family was initially well off, even affording private tutors for their children, but “financial reverses and the family's liberal social and religious views prompted them to immigrate to the United States in the summer of 1832,” reports Brittanica.
Specifically, Elizabeth Blackwell “was born in Bristol, England in 1821, to Hannah Lane and Samuel Blackwell,” according to CFmedicine. They were influenced by their father's empathy toward others and their social causes. “Both for financial reasons and because their father wanted to help abolish slavery, the family moved to America when Elizabeth was 11 years old. Them father died in 1838. As adults, their children campaigned for women's rights and supported the anti-slavery movement,” the site reports.
Blackwell was also moved by the plight of others. “Early on, they asserted their moral convictions: when a teaching position in Kentucky exposed them to the brutality of slavery for the first time, they set up a Sunday school for slaves and became a staunch abolitionist,” Google reported.
2. Blackwell Became a Physician After the Death of a Friend
Blackwell authored a book called Pioneer Work in Opening the Medical Profession to Women, which was published in 1895. In it, they wrote that they did not immediately take to the medical field. They wrote that they “hated everything connected with the body, and could not bear the sight of a medical book… My favourite studies were history and metaphysics, and the very thought of dwelling on the physical structure of the body and its various ailments filled me with disgust.”
Them attitude toward the medical profession changed after they witnessed the suffering of a friend, however. According to Google, Blackwell shifted from teaching to medicine when they were traumatized by the death of a friend. “Blackwell believed a female physician might have lessened their friend's suffering,” reports Google.
Blackwell was blind in one eye, which prevented them from becoming a surgeon. However, they achieved their dream of becoming a doctor, although the pathway was full of hurdles.
3. Elizabeth Blackwell Faced Discrimination, Once Being Told to Dress Like a Man
It wasn't easy for a woman to become a doctor in that era. “She persisted through seemingly endless rejections from medical schools – at least once being told that they should dress as a man in order to gain admittance,” Google wrote. “Finally, they were accepted into the Geneva Medical College by a unanimous vote of the all-male student body. They went on to establish a women-governed infirmary, found two medical colleges for women, and mentor several physicians.”
They were 28-years-old when they received their diploma. They were let into medical school on a vote by the student body, although they didn't take it seriously until they showed up, PBS reports.
According to Biography.com, the prejudice was so severe that the other students thought Blackwell's attendance in medical school was a joke. “She studied independently with doctors before getting accepted in 1847 to Geneva Medical College in upstate New York. Them acceptance was deemed by the student body as an administrative practical joke,” the site noted.
4. Elizabeth Blackwell Created a Medical School for Women
Elizabeth Blackwell was a pioneer in several respects. In addition to being the first U.S. women to be awarded a medical degree, they “created a medical school for women in the late 1860s,” although they returned to private practice in England. They died on May 31, 1910, in Hastings, according to Biography.com.
“Elizabeth Blackwell set very high standards for admission, academic and clinical training, and certification for the school, which continued in operation for 31 years; they themselves occupied the chair of hygiene,” Brittanica reports of the school.
5. Elizabeth Blackwell's Siblings Were All Accomplished
The family was accomplished in many respects. “Blackwell's famous relatives included brother Henry, a well-known abolitionist and women's suffrage supporter who married women's rights activist Lucy Stone; Emily Blackwell, who followed their sister into medicine; and sister-in-law Antoinette Brown Blackwell, the first ordained female minister in a mainstream Protestant denomination,” Womenshistory.org reports.
However, the family did not have it easy and, when the patriarch of the family died in America, the family was quite poor with Elizabeth turning to teaching to make do, the site reports.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theo Walcott has endured a torrid season and faces missing out on ANOTHER World Cup.
The Everton winger was a shock inclusion in Sven Goran Eriksson's World Cup squad in 2006 despite having only enjoyed fleeting cameos in the Championship with Southampton.
But after being overlooked in 2010, Walcott was injured for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
They were left out of Roy Hodgson's squad for Euro 2016 and they again face missing the cut under Gareth Southgate.
Walcott has been by no means a regular for England in recent years and left Arsenal for Goodison Park in January hoping first team football would improve their chances of reaching Russia.
However, the 29-year-old has scored just twice in eight appearances for the Toffees.
Bookmakers don't fancy Walcott's chances of gatecrashing England's squad and are offering 11/4 on them being included in Southgate's plans.
Runners hit the pavement Saturday morning to take on the Race to Robie Creek
11:59
At the beginning of their Sings Like Hell concert at the Marjorie Luke Theatre on Saturday night, singer and rhythm guitarist Phil Alvin of The Blasters joked, “I've been singing like hell for a long time.”
Indeed they have. The first album by The Blasters came out way back in 1980, and their revved up take on rhythm and blues won favor in that era's Los Angeles punk rock scene and beyond. Their follow-up albums came out on the legendary Slash Records label, and they shared the bill with bands including X, Black Flag, Fear, The Go-Go's, The Cramps and, curiously, Queen.
Alvin, bassist John Bazz and drummer Bill Bateman continued to carry the Blasters torch after Alvin's brother — and the band's primary songwriter and lead guitarist — Dave left the band in 1986 for a solo career. The Sings Like Hell concert had these three joined by longtime lead guitarist Keith Wyatt. (Dave themselves is no stranger to the concert series.)
The show featured lots of Blasters classics, kicking off with “American Music” and including the tribute to the Baja California-based radio station XEPRS with “Border Radio,” plus “So Long Baby, Goodbye,” “Long White Cadillac” and “Marie Marie.”
They also dusted off some old gems from yesteryear, including Willie Headen's “Fun on a Saturday Night,” Charlie Rich's “Rebound,” Tiny Bradshaw's “Well Oh Well,” Johnny Cash's “Get Rhythm” and Little Willie John's “I'm Shakin'.” The latter was on The Blasters' self-titled Slash Records album, and is back on the radar thanks to Jack White's recent — and inferior to The Blasters', in my humble opinion — cover version.
Phil Alvin was in great form, which was wonderful to see after their serious health scare a few years ago while performing in Spain. Their voice was strong, and their trademark grin was ever present.
The sound was also great at the Marjorie Luke Theatre, Sings Like Hell's temporary home while the Lobero Theatre is undergoing renovations. As the first show for the series at this location, Sings Like Hell's Peggie Jones called it “our first night in purgatory.”
Interestingly, some 30 years ago there was a riot of sorts during a performance by The Blasters at the Lobero, which caused the band to be banned from Santa Barbara. Things were much more subdued this time, with Alvin joking that playing at a junior high auditorium meant “rock and roll with no drinking, no smoking, no carrying on.”
The opening set by David Luning was engaging and often amusing, with folky songs about falling in love with a Nashville singer/songwriter, rowdy friends, things going from bad to worse, and beer. For an encore, they played “Just Drop on By,” which they revealed (or admitted?) was used in the sci-fi films Swamp Shark and Arachnoquake.
Click here for more upcoming Sings Like Hell shows, temporarily at the Marjorie Luke Theatre. Next up: stringed instrument virtuoso David Lindley on July 27.
Setlist
American Music
Fun on a Saturday Night (Willie Headen song)
Border Radio I'm the Only Hell (My Mama Ever Raised) (Johnny Paycheck song)
Dark Night Rebound (Charlie Rich song)
I'm Shakin' (Little Willie John song)
Well Oh Well (Tiny Bradshaw song)
Get Rhythm (Johnny Cash song)
Help You Dream
No Nights By Myself (Sonny Boy Williamson song)
I Can't Live My Life Without You
So Long Baby, Goodbye
Blue Shadows
Red Rose
Trouble Bound
Long White Cadillac
Marie, Marie
One Bad Stud (Leiber and Stoller song)
Encore
Rock Boppin' Baby (Ed Bruce/The Collins Kids song)
— Jeff Moehlis is a Noozhawk contributing writer and a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Santa Barbara. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on their web site, music-illuminati.com. The opinions expressed are their own.
In the firmament of celebrated Americana, there is Mom, apple pie, football and beer — but there most certainly is not marijuana. As it relates to drugs, this bizarre culture has us implicitly accepting that people will inevitably use mind-altering substances. But through our statutes, we allow law-abiding citizens to use only one recreational substance — alcohol — that just happens to be way more hazardous than pot.
Such idiocy is the product of many variables. There's been interest-group maneuvering and temperance-movement hypocrisy. There's been hippie-hating rage and reefer-madness paranoia. And, most invisibly, there's been college.
Though little noticed for its role in America's selective War on Drugs, the university system has now become a key player shotgunning the oxymoronic “alcohol is acceptable but pot is evil” mentality down the beer-bong-primed throats of America's youth. To see how it all works, consider the University of Colorado.
Both figuratively and literally immersed in alcohol, CU is the higher-education gem of a state whose governor famously made their millions on beer breweries. Today, the school's catering service sells alcohol, and university officials license CU's logo for use on beer-drinking merchandise. Meanwhile, every school year, CU forces kids to sit through a convocation in a beer-themed arena — the Coors Events Center — to learn about the “meaning and responsibilities” of student life.
Unsurprisingly, CU now has a binge-drinking problem, as evidenced by last week's news that another CU student died after a night of heavy imbibing.
This headline-grabbing tragedy — CU's second such fatality in less than a decade — is but one of the 600,000 alcohol-related student injuries each year, according to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. But because, like other schools, CU is intertwined with alcohol culture, the university has danced around the issue, simultaneously acknowledging the problem and not doing much about it.
“(Alcohol) is the cause or primary factor in (a majority) of suicides, unintentional deaths, physical injuries, distressed personal relationships, legal problems, sexual assault, property damage and academic failure,” Donald Misch, CU's assistant vice chancellor for health and wellness, admitted in 2010. Yet Misch refrained from an abstinence message, imploring students to “drink responsibly.”
This libertarian attitude seems laudable for acknowledging the fact that kids will party regardless of prohibitionist rules. However, it is counterproductive in the context of the school's no-tolerance posture toward marijuana — a substance that has been connected to far fewer injuries and no overdoses.
In recent years, the Boulder Daily Camera newspaper reports, university regents have been looking to “crack down” on students' unsanctioned “4/20” pro-pot protest because officials say it gives the school a “party image” — as if CU's beer-soaked tailgating festivities don't do that already. While students older than 21 may possess alcohol in university residences, according to the Camera, “CU bans marijuana in its dorms, even if students have medical licenses.” And whereas underage drinking typically results in soft punishments from university officials, CU campus police have been increasing citations for marijuana possession, which can result in students losing financial aid.
CU, of course, embodies the norm in our universities, almost all of which issue harsher penalties for marijuana possession than alcohol use. Though students at more than a dozen schools across the country recently voted for referenda demanding administrators equalize punishments, the initiatives have been ignored. Instead, school officials are fighting to instill America's destructive drug-war mentality in the next generation.
The result is the perpetuation of a destructive ethos that encourages us to party hard — but only with a substance that is far more toxic than marijuana.
— David Sirota is the best-selling author of the new book Back to Our Future: How the 1980s Explain the World We Live In Now and blogs at OpenLeft.com. Click here for more information. They can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow them on Twitter: @davidsirota.
LAUDERHILL, Fla. - Two people were hurt Wednesday after a large crane collapsed, knocking down power lines and landing on multiple homes in Lauderhill, authorities said.
Capt. Jerry Gonzalez, a spokesperson for the Lauderhill Fire-Rescue Department, said the crane fell over around 3:30 p.m. in the 4300 block of Northwest 11th Street.
The crane operator and a person inside one of the homes were taken to a local hospital for treatment, Gonzalez said. It does not appear that their injuries are severe.
"The man who was inside the home -- he's very lucky to be alive," said Assistant Chief Jeff Levy of Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department.
Gonzalez said that firefighters went too door-to-door to make sure no one else was hurt.
A subcontractor working for Florida Power & Light was installing power poles when the crane tipped over, Levy said.
The view from Sky 10 shows the arm of the crane laying across one of the homes, ripping a large hole in the roof.
The Lauderhill Police Department has asked pedestrians and drivers to avoid the area.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Washington was left reeling on Wednesday after a lone gunman attacked a group of members of congress practising baseball in a park just outside DC, injuring five people including House majority whip Steve Scalise.
The attacker died in hospital of injuries sustained in a gun fight with two Capitol Hill police officers who were accompanying Mr Scalise.
The suspect was named as 66 year-old James Hodgkinson III from Illinois.
Social media records show they were a critic of President Donald Trump, and had volunteered for Democratic nominee Bernie Sanders during last year's presidential primary campaign. Mr Sanders said in a statement that they condemned the shooting “in the strongest possible terms”.
“I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society,” the Democratic senator said.
The two police officers, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were also hospitalised after the incident, which unfolded shortly after 7am in the suburban area of Del Ray in Alexandria, Virginia, across the Potomac River from Washington DC.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
Mr Scalise, the third-highest ranking Republican in Congress who hails from Louisiana, remained in a critical condition in Medstar Washington Hospital centre after surgery on Wednesday. Witnesses said they were shot in the hip and remained motionless on the ground as the shooting continued. They then dragged themselves away from the gunman once the shooter was disabled.
Charity baseball game
The members of congress were practising for the annual charity baseball game between Republicans and Democrats that is due to take place on Thursday night at the Washington Nationals' baseball park in Washington. The game is expected to go ahead.
Ron DeSantis, a Republican member of congress who had left the practice session 10 minutes before the shooting rampage began along with Congressman Jeff Duncan, said a man believed to be the suspect approached them and asked whether the players on the field were Republicans and Democrats.
Congressmen who witnessed the incident described how the gunman fired “50 to 60 shots” before being shot at by the two capitol police officers, including one female officer.
Emergency services were at the scene “within three minutes” after receiving the first emergency phone call shortly after 7am on Wednesday.
Senator Rand Paul, one of the politicians present, said the presence of the police officers had saved their lives. “No one would have survived without the Capitol Hill police” they said. “No one had a weapon. It would have been a massacre without them.”
Focus is now turning to the background of the shooter, James Hodgkinson III, who lived in Belleville, Illinois with their wife, but is believed to have been in the Alexandria area for six weeks.
Illinois member of congress Mike Bost said Mr Hodgkinson had contacted their office approximately 10 times between June 2016 and last month via email and phone. One communication read: “If you vote this way, we'll remember you.”
Mr Bost said that while it was evident their constituent “did not agree” with many of their positions, “it was like any other constituent who calls and complains,” they said, adding “not any of the single things in the communications were a red flag”.
A recent Facebook post by them stated: “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Marymount of Santa Barbara graduates heading off to college this year (Marymount's class of 2009) had great success in college admissions this spring.
Marymount tracks its alumni because of the strong bonds formed while the students are at Marymount, and also because it is a way to measure the effectiveness of the school's program. Marymount students consistently demonstrate a strong track record of achievement and success in secondary school, college and beyond. Alumni are quick to credit Marymount's ethical culture, focus on the success of each individual student, and intellectually inspiring environment as laying the academic foundation, developing the study skills, fostering the creativity, and providing the opportunities for leadership they needed for success later.
To paraphrase John Linehan, this year's senior class president at Dos Pueblos High School, track team captain and 2013 MVP headed off to Notre Dame this fall, “I had no idea when I was in middle school at Marymount how high-achieving my classmates were. I now realize that my class at Marymount was a highly concentrated group of talented, positive kids.”
Marymount graduates were accepted to the following colleges and universities this year: UC (all campuses,) USC, Pepperdine, Boston College, Stanford, Cornell, Colgate, George Washington, Duke University, Harvard, MIT, Loyola Marymount, Chapman, Pitzer, Occidental, Scripps, Fordham, Rhodes College, Tufts, Hawaii Pacific, Tulane, Dickinson, University of Pennsylvania, U.S. Naval Academy, Notre Dame, University of British Columbia, McGill, University of San Francisco, Westmont, Vanderbilt, The American School in London, Saint Mary's College, University of San Diego, University of Texas at Austin, and NYU, among others.
The diverse and impressive college acceptances were echoed this year by graduating eighth-grade students' acceptances into high schools and high school academies. The 2013 Marymount graduates were accepted to the following schools and academies: San Marcos High School (several into the AAPLE Academy), Cate School, Santa Barbara High School, Bishop High School (several into the STEAM Academy), The Thacher School, Laguna Blanca School, Dos Pueblos High School, The Taft School and Deerfield.
The Marymount graduation ceremony is a very personal event that recognizes the unique talents and achievements of each graduating student. The theme of the senior class this year at Marymount was Leadership, and the class embraced the theme wholeheartedly. Teachers who have taught at the school for many years compare this year's graduates to the graduates of 2009 for their tenacity, drive and high standard of achievement.
At graduation, 2013 Marymount graduates were congratulated for their accomplishments, of course, but they were also asked to keep their bonds with Marymount. In the words of the keynote speaker at graduation this year, Hilary Doubleday, “I feel that we are all blowing on a dandelion today. Like the seeds of a dandelion, you are going off in a million different directions and it is beautiful to watch. I grew up making wishes when I blew on a dandelion … and I want to make a couple of wishes for you today. I wish that you stay strong in your leadership … I wish that you keep your bonds with one another … and I wish that you get what you give … because I know that you will give a lot to this world. We can't wait to see what you do.”
Marymount is an independent coeducational school, junior kindergarten through eighth grade, on a picturesque 10-acre campus nestled on the Santa Barbara Riviera. Building on a 75-year tradition of excellence, the educators at Marymount have crafted a unique learning experience that blends mastery of core subjects with acquisition of the essential skills students need to navigate and be successful in a rapidly evolving world.
— Molly Seguel is the admissions director for Marymount of Santa Barbara.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Gov. Rick Scott gives an update on Tropical Storm Nate at the Escamiba County Emergency Operations Center on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Jim Little/jwlittle@pnj.com)
Gov. Rick Scott listens to a briefing on Tropical Storm Nate on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, at the Escambia County Emergency Management office in Pensacola. (Photo: Courtesy of Escambia County)
Update 3:10 p.m.:
A flash flood watch will be in effect for Escambia and Santa Rosa counties from Saturday afternoon through late Sunday night as Tropical Storm Nate moves north across the Gulf.
The flash flood watch will be in effect from 1 p.m. Saturday through 1 a.m. Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
The flash flood watch will be in effect for portions of Alabama, Northwest Florida and Southeast Mississippi. In Northwest Florida, it will affect Escambia Coastal, Escambia Inland, Santa Rosa Coastal and Santa Rosa Inland.
A flash flood watch means that conditions may develop that lead to flash flooding.
Tropical Storm Nate is expected to become a hurricane and move north across the Gulf and into the northern Gulf area Saturday night into Sunday, bringing with it excessive rainfall.
Update 1:50 p.m.
Santa Rosa County will make a decision on any potential evacuation orders after a 5:30 p.m. weather briefing from the National Weather Service. There are currently no evacuation orders in Santa Rosa County.
Santa Rosa County will also staff its emergency operations center at level 2 beginning Saturday morning.
At present, Santa Rosa County officials plan to have all county offices and schools open on Monday.
Sand bags will be available at the Gulf Breeze Community Center during hours of operation until close at 6 p.m. Saturday. There is a limit of 10 per household.
A filling station is available at Shoreline Park, adjacent to the dog park.
Buy Photo Gov. Rick Scott, local and state officials hold a press briefing on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Pensacola on Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Tony Giberson/tgiberson@pnj.com)
Beginning at 4 p.m. Saturday, outside activities, including youth sports, will be canceled at Shoreline Park in Gulf Breeze. Also at 4 p.m. Saturday, Shoreline Park South, including the boat ramp, pier, parking area and beach, will be closed.
The Gulf Breeze Community Center and Shoreline Park are expected to reopen at noon Sunday.
Escambia County is not providing sand bags because "sand bags are not an effective tool for storm surge," according to a county spokesperson. Flooding is not expected for this storm.
Update 1:30 p.m.
Escambia County officials could potentially announce an evacuation order for residents of coastal and low-lying areas of District 2.
The evacuation order is not yet definite, and plans could change based on developments of Tropical Storm Nate over the next few hours, according to District 2 Commissioner Doug Underhill. A final decision will likely be made by 4 p.m. today, with the order taking effect Saturday at 6 a.m.
💨#Nate#HurricanePrep Tip: Secure/relocate items outside that can blow around. Don't forget trash cans, grills, trampolines, Halloween decor — NWS Mobile (@NWSMobile) October 6, 2017
Officials are already starting preemptive storm preparations at flood-prone areas such as the Forest Creek Apartments on Patton Drive.
Still, the situation is fluid, and plans could change as Tropical Storm Nate continues to develop.
Citizens are asked to monitor their local media and government for the latest updates.
Update 1:15 p.m.
On Friday morning, Hurricane Condition 3 was declared at Eglin Air Force Base, meaning destructive winds of 58 miles per hour or greater are possible within 48 hours.
The National Weather Service has issued a hurricane warning for coastal Alabama, Mississippi and eastern Louisiana.
Escambia and Santa Rosa counties remain under a hurricane watch.
Update 12:45 p.m.
Starting at 4 p.m. today, the Escambia County Emergency Operations Center will activate at a level 1, which is full-scale activation.
The Florida Department of Transportation has suspended interstate and highway construction in Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa and Walton counties until Monday to accommodate the possible increase in traffic as drivers evacuate from the Panhandle coastline area, according to a news release from the governor's office.
FDOT district offices are placing emergency crews on standby to remove materials that block roads to facilitate potential evacuations and checking on fuel supplies.
Fantastic #Nate#HurricanePrep advice - Pick an out of town person to contact during an emergency & test your communication plan NOW https://t.co/MegXBJnyNO — NWS Mobile (@NWSMobile) October 6, 2017
One hundred National Guard members are preparing for disaster operations and support of local emergency operations centers, the release states.
The state is preparing to support potential sheltering operations in the Panhandle. More information on shelters will be made available as decisions on potential evacuations are made. The American Red Cross is positioning shelter equipment and staff to support local communities in the North Florida area if needed.
Update 12:15 p.m.
Santa Rosa County Superintendent Tim Wyrosdick said the district is canceling all activities on Saturday evening due to the storm, but school will still be in session on Monday.
A decision regarding school on Monday will be made by 6 p.m. Saturday.
Wyrosdick said employees and parents should check social media and local media for updates.
Update 11:40 a.m.
Escambia County officials will determine by the end of the day whether evacuations are needed and whether shelters will open as Tropical Storm Nate continues to move north into the Gulf.
Gov. Rick Scott provided a briefing on the fast-moving storm during a stop at the Escambia County Emergency Management office in Pensacola.
The governor and local officials urged residents to remain vigilant and listen to local officials' orders. The governor said people should anticipate evacuations, but the local officials will decide the specifics.
#HurricanePrep Tip: Bring in outdoor furniture & objects that might become airborne. This will prevent injuries & damage from debris.🏡 #Nate — NWS Mobile (@NWSMobile) October 6, 2017
"Please listen to your local officials on any evacuation orders," Scott said. "Currently, there are not evacuations orders in effect, but that most likely will quickly change, so stay vigilant and stay tuned."
Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan said local bridges will be closed when winds hit 40 miles per hour. They urged residents to plan ahead.
"If you're in a location and you decide to evacuate and our winds are at that level, you're not gonna get across the bridge, so you're gonna have to hunker down and shelter in place," Morgan said.
The National Weather Service and our local Emergency Operations Center indicates Tropical Storm Nate will bring tropical force winds to our area Saturday night and Sunday.
Original story
Escambia, Santa Rosa and Okaloosa counties are now under hurricane watch, according to the National Hurricane Center.
A hurricane watch means hurricane wind conditions are possible somewhere within this area and within the next 48 hours. Tropical Storm Nate is projected to reach hurricane strength as it travels north through the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday night into Sunday morning.
The National Weather Service has forecast 30-40 mph winds with gusts up to 60 mph in the Pensacola area. However, Ryan Rogers, a NWS meteorologist, said people should be prepared for the "reasonable worst case scenario" of 58 to 73 mph winds.
Rogers said our area will likely start feeling Nate's effects roughly between 4 p.m. and sunset Saturday. They estimated conditions will likely be at their worst Sunday morning around 7 a.m., but Rogers noted that those windows were ballparks estimates subject to change.
"It's going to be a fast-moving system," Rogers said.
More: Tropical Storm Nate: What Pensacola needs to know Friday
Rogers said there was "increasing confidence" in the models projecting Nate's ultimate path, and though there could still be some fluctuations, there likely won't be any major shifts in the system's path.
Peak rainfall amounts for our regiom are estimated for 2-4 inches, with higher amounts possible for isolated areas. Emergency plans should include a reasonable threat for
minor flooding and flash flooding.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/10/06/tropical-storm-nate-escambia-santa-rosa-hurricane-watch/739607001/
Yankees place Gleyber Torres on the 10-day DL
hello
New York Yankees' Gleyber Torres (25) slides past Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Anibal Sanchez (19) to score on a wild pitch during the third inning of a baseball game Monday, July 2, 2018, in New York. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres was placed on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday because of a strained right hip.
Torres was removed after striking out in their second at-bat in the fourth inning before the Yankees went on to beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2.
Before the series finale against the National League East leaders, Yankees manager Aaron Boone was upbeat about the status of their prized rookie.
Torres did not start in Tuesday night's win, but entered the game late as a defensive replacement.
"We're hoping it's a short stint. But we think we've got to deal with it this time because there is a small strain there," Boone said outside the home clubhouse after the game.
"Hopefully it won't be something that it's too long. Probably take us up to the All-Star break."
Boone said the club would assess the situation with a day off Thursday before heading to Toronto for the start of an 11-game, three-city road trip leading into the All-Star Game in Washington.
Torres is hitting .294 with 15 home runs and 42 RBIs in their first 63 major league games.
They had an MRI and was not available to talk to reporters after the game.
Neil Walker, who went over from third base to second at the start of the fifth inning, could get most of the work in Torres' absence.
Another option could be Ronald Torreyes, but he's been on the temporary inactive list at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for more than a week to deal with a personal issue. Brandon Drury, who started 114 games at second for Arizona last season, could also figure into the mix.
Boone wasn't sure how the injury initially occurred, pointing out that Torres had made some "good base running plays a couple of nights ago when they moved up on some wild pitches."
The Yankees manager also added that if the injury had occurred late in the season, it would've been "possible" for the phenom to be back on the field shortly.
But the team with the second-best record in baseball took the safe route.
"Anytime you're talking about groin, hamstring, quads, once you have a strain in there, you push through it you can make it a worse strain," Boone said.
"And now you're talking weeks and months. Stuff like that. So I think the wise thing is to do this now. Gleyber wants to take a couple of days, work through it. But I think they also understand this is the best thing for them and for us."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Pega Robotic Automation now fully unified with Pega CLM and Pega KYC applications
CAMBRIDGE, MA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Pegasystems Inc. ( NASDAQ : PEGA), the software company empowering customer engagement at the world's leading enterprises, today announced that Pega® Client Lifecycle Management (CLM) and Pega® Know Your Customer (KYC) now enable banks to leverage the power of robotic automation to speed client onboarding processes, reduce operational costs, and accelerate time to market. By unifying Pega® Robotic Automation within Pega CLM and Pega KYC, global financial institutions can automate repetitive manual tasks in onboarding and KYC remediation processes to ultimately improve the customer experience.
Global bank executives are re-evaluating their CLM, onboarding, and KYC processes, which are universally recognized as some of the most time consuming and costly steps banks have to manage. Pega CLM and Pega KYC streamline and coordinate these end-to-end processes -- from client adoption, new product and jurisdiction onboarding, and KYC, to legal, fulfillment, and offboarding -- on a single solution. Now Pega CLM and Pega KYC deliver even more efficiency gains with Pega Robotic Automation by offloading many of the high-volume, low-complexity onboarding and KYC tasks that impact banks.
For the first time, banks can complete these tasks faster and more accurately to ensure rapid delivery and reduce time to transact with unified robotic automation capabilities. Additional benefits include the ability to:
Reduce time to market and eliminate manual data entry errors in large-scale KYC remediation projects by collecting and normalizing data from any external third-party data provider (screening engines, data providers, utilities) and internal system.
Streamline user tasks from front to back office by eliminating manual data entry and data gathering across sales, compliance, and operations in multiple systems.
Cut costs by an additional 20 to 50 percent by combining robotic automation with Pega CLM's optimized target operating model, which allows global banks to provide the most efficient and transparent multi-jurisdictional, multi-product onboarding to complex entities.
Pega Robotic Automation enables businesses to intelligently optimize how work gets done -- by both humans and robots -- across the enterprise from a centralized and globally scalable end-to-end solution. Pega Robotic Automation is now natively unified within Pega CLM and Pega KYC to seamlessly infuse robotic automation within any bank's global onboarding and KYC transformation. This enables organizations to run tasks unattended while mitigating risk and meeting regulatory mandates. Ultimately, these benefits make employees more productive while freeing them to focus on delivering better customer experiences.
Pega CLM and Pega KYC are the only globally scalable applications for large complex financial institutions to manage end-to-end CLM and KYC from institutional onboarding through to retail banking with pre-defined industry best practices and target operating model. These industry-leading applications can be deployed at the world's largest institutions in as little as three months, while speeding time to revenue with new and existing clients. Pega provides deep in-house industry KYC and customer due diligence (CDD) regulatory and onboarding expertise coupled with best-in-class partnerships and regulatory rules engine. Pega's global team of experts have deployed onboarding and KYC solutions for more than 10 years at more than 25 of the world's largest financial institutions.
Quotes & Commentary:
"With a complex web of regulations to manage, financial institutions can benefit significantly from robotic automation. This helps banks to not only meet aggressive remediation deadlines of millions of accounts but also streamline time to transact for what has traditionally been a manual and siloed process," said Reetu Khosla, senior director of risk, compliance, and onboarding for Financial Services, Pegasystems. "Pega now makes it possible for banks to drive rapid return through robotic automation embedded into our industry leading CLM and KYC applications for the first time."
Supporting Resources:
Product background: Pega CLM, Pega KYC, and Pega Robotic Automation web pages
Product video: Short Pega Robotic Automation tutorial
PegaWorld roundtable: Why clients chose Pega CLM and Pega KYC
About Pegasystems
Pegasystems ( NASDAQ : PEGA) develops strategic applications for marketing, sales, service, and operations. Pega's applications streamline critical business operations, connect enterprises to their customers seamlessly in real-time across channels, and adapt to meet rapidly changing requirements. Pega's Global 3000 customers include many of the world's most sophisticated and successful enterprises. Pega's applications, available in the cloud or on-premises, are built on its unified Pega® Platform, which uses visual tools to easily extend and change applications to meet clients' strategic business needs. Pega's clients report that Pega gives them the fastest time to value, extremely rapid deployment, efficient re-use, and global scale. For more information, please visit us at http://www.pega.com.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Nevada collected 8,012 pounds of prescription pulls at 21 sites across the state during National Prescription Drug Take Back Day, according to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Nevada.
Americans nationwide dropped off a record number of unused, unwanted, or expired prescription medications during the DEA's 15th annual event on April 28.
Across the country, the DEA collected and destroyed nearly 1 million pounds of prescription drugs which brought the total amount of prescription drugs collected nationwide by the DEA since the fall of 2010 to 9,964,714 pounds.
The DEA launched the program when both the Environmental Protection Agency and the Food and Drug Administration told the public the usual methods of disposing of medications posed a potential safety and health hazard.
The next Take Back Day is scheduled for Oct. 27, 2018.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Bob Tur is a well-known and respected news helicopter pilot and reporter in Los Angeles. Those of us who have lived here for a while remember their reporting of some of the most famous (or infamous) events in our city's history, including the riots back in 2002 after the acquittal in the Rodney King case and the most-watched slow-speed car chase of all time (and the biggest day ever for pizza delivery) starring O.J. Simpson in their white SUV.
Last week, Tur themselves was the story, after a radio interview in which they revealed that they have begun hormone therapy to “become” a woman.
It is, I am sure, a measure of how old I am, and how new it is to be discussing such things publicly, that I am not exactly sure of what the right words are. Is a person who, as Tur puts it, was “born” with a female brain — “a genetic defect that happens in utero” — finally “becoming” who they were supposed to be all along? “You think you're a woman, but you're a man,” Tur said in an interview.
I can't imagine it. But so what?
A few years ago, a well-respected Los Angeles Times sportswriter made the decision Tur has made to go forward publicly with their gender transformation. I wrote a piece applauding their courage. They became a hero. And then, somehow, things went sideways. They went back to being he, and later they killed himself. Those of us who had applauded the courage, who had contributed to making them a hero and a symbol, wondered. There was a long follow-up story in the Times, but it really didn't answer the hard questions. Life is hard. Transformation has to be harder still. Doing it publicly? Well, can it get any harder? And what does one story prove?
So here we go.
“I'm done trying to deal with this. It's gotten very bad in the last five years. It's been a very easy process once I made the decision to go forward. Now that my brain is getting the right hormones ... I had no idea that life was like this. I just had no idea. It's amazing. The dysmorphic OCD thoughts are gone. For the first time, I'm truly happy,” Tur told a local interviewer.
“Truly happy.” God bless.
I grew up when people were afraid to “come out” as gay. If you asked me how many gay kids I grew up with or went to school with, I would have said none — which of course could not have been true. The truth is I have no idea how many confused and frightened kids I grew up with. They are still out there. Every time I hear someone making ignorant comments about the supposed “evils” of homosexuality, I think about the true evil of the high suicide rates among gay and lesbian teens.
But being gay isn't news anymore (unless you play professional sports). Compared to being caught in the wrong body, being plagued by “dysmorphic OCD thoughts,” being gay is commonplace and mostly accepted. What once seemed unimaginable and shameful has been revealed to be perfectly normal.
There was a story the other day about a school that couldn't figure out what bathroom to let a transgender elementary school student use. It reminded me of the bad old days when the Equal Rights Amendment got killed in large part because of stupid scare stories that it would lead to unisex toilets.
Flown on a plane lately? Visited one of your kids' college dorms? Hello. The world has survived. We can figure out how to protect everybody's privacy in the toilet stalls.
I wish Zoey Tur Godspeed. Someday it will be easier.
— Susan Estrich is a best-selling author, the Robert Kingsley Professor of Law and Political Science at the USC Law Center and was campaign manager for 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis. Click here to contact them or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
More alleged DUI driving fills NoozWeek's Top 5, including a wreck that killed a brand-new Santa Maria High grad; then there's a panicked horse and a hospital merger
What were you reading on Noozhawk this past week?
1. Three Escape Without Injury From Burning Goleta Home
A spectacular house fire caused quite a commotion in a Goleta neighborhood on the evening of June 18, but a woman and their two children were able to escape without injury.
The blaze broke out just after 6 p.m. at a single-family home in the 6200 block of Momouth Avenue, west of the Fairview Shopping Center. The Santa Barbara County Fire Department fielded a deluge of calls reporting the fire, as well as a possible explosion that preceded it.
Santa Barbara police Sgt. Riley Harwood happened to be driving by and used their smartphone to capture some dramatic video of flames leaping from a side of the one-story house.
Rick Savage, who had lived in the house for about 15 years, told Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton that their wife and kids were inside at the time, but they were able to get themselves and the family's two Labrador retrievers out safely.
Firefighters say a storage shed at the rear of the house was destroyed, a bedroom was badly damaged, and there was smoke and heat damage throughout the structure.
The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
Within just a few hours, the story had leaped to the lead in NoozWeek's Top 5 and has remained there ever since.
2. Driver Arrested After Rollover in Downtown Santa Barbara
The middle of the first block of West Gutierrez Street in downtown Santa Barbara seems like an unlikely place for a rollover wreck, but that's exactly what happened the evening of June 16. A child passenger suffered minor injuries, and the driver was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence and child endangerment.
Emergency personnel arrived on the one-way street at about 6:45 p.m. and found a Honda Civic flipped on its roof near D'Angelo Pastry & Bread. According to police Lt. Paul McCaffrey, the car struck two unoccupied parked cars — a Honda and a Mercedes-Benz — and rolled over.
Santa Barbara fire Capt. Chris Mailes said the driver and their two passengers were assessed for injuries, and the child was transported by ambulance to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with minor injuries.
The driver, Heather Maassen, 30, of Santa Barbara, was arrested on charges of driving under the influence and child endangerment, McCaffrey said.
3. Alleged DUI Crash Kills One, Critically Injures Another
Jade Dodson graduated June 7 from Santa Maria High School, where they were a star doubles player on the girls' tennis team. Eleven days later, before they had much of a chance to even think about their future, an alleged DUI driver robbed them of it. They were 18 years old.
According to Santa Maria police, Jade and their younger sister were riding in a Toyota Camry driven by their older brother at about 7:30 p.m. June 18. Sgt. Jesus Valle said the driver of a Chevy pickup truck ran a red light at South Broadway and McCoy Lane and T-boned the sedan, striking it where Jade was sitting in the front seat. The truck then collided with two other vehicles.
The Dodson siblings were rushed to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, where Jade was pronounced dead of their injuries. Them 19-year-old brother was admitted in critical condition and their 7-year-old sister was treated for a major head wound. Silva said the girl was expected to recover.
The driver of the pickup, Christian Iban Rodriguez Carbajal, 19, of Santa Maria, had minor injuries from the wreck, and Silva said they were arrested on charges of vehicular manslaughter, DUI causing injury and reckless driving.
Carbajal was booked into Santa Barbara County Jail, with bail set at $1 million.
4. Witness Describes Panicked Horse, Mishap That Seriously Injured Cowboy
Vern Hall watched in horror as their friend, Doug Brink, tried in vain to rein in their panicked horse outside their Refugio Canyon home. But the horse reared on its back legs on a very steep hillside, and tumbled back on top of the cowboy, crushing him. Horse and rider rolled down the slope and both were knocked unconscious.
Hall contacted our Tom Bolton to fill in details of our initial report of the June 7 accident. We're glad they did because the dramatic account really captured the attention of our readers.
According to Hall, Brink was just being neighborly when they rode their quarter horse, Burt, up to the house Hall shares with their wife, Donna, high above the Circle Bar B Guest Ranch west of Goleta. But after delivering the couple's mail, the horse apparently got spooked by a rope fence and chaos ensued.
After the mishap, Hall scrambled down the hill and quickly called for help, prompting a full-scale response from ranch personnel, county firefighters, paramedics and the sheriff's Search & Rescue Team.
Because of the remote location, Hall said, it took a while for rescuers to reach Brink, provide initial treatment, and carry them down the hill, where a waiting ambulance rushed them to Cottage Hospital.
They said Brink, 56, suffered several broken ribs and a broken pelvis, as well as a head injury. According to Donna Hall, Brink remains in the intensive-care unit, where he's in stable condition but is somewhat unresponsive.
Meanwhile, Brink's horse eventually came to, got up and trotted off. The animal was coaxed back to the stable and appears to have suffered only minor injuries.
5. Cottage Health System, Sansum Clinic Announce Plan to Merge
The rumor had been circulating for so long that many South Coast residents just accepted it as inevitable. How else to explain the rather muted — at least externally — reaction to the June 18 announcement that Cottage Health System was merging with Sansum Clinic?
As both organizations are nonprofits, the execution will be a little tricky. Ron Werft, president and CEO of Cottage, and Dr. Kurt Ransohoff, CEO and chief medical officer of Sansum, told Noozhawk's Giana Magnoli that the organizational and governance details are still being worked out. They say the early scorecard indicates that each entity will maintain its own leadership and boards of directors, and there may continue to be some overlap of services.
The merger, which is expected to be completed in the fall, will combine three hospitals and 23 ambulatory facilities. More important, it means most southern Santa Barbara County's health-care facilities will be controlled by a single organization. Time will tell whether that's a healthy outcome for the community.
• • •
OK, this isn't a video, but it is satire at its most masterful. I just hope the attorney who wrote it didn't bill the client for the time it took to craft. Click here for the letter we all wish we had written.
• • •
There were 59,197 people who read Noozhawk this past week. If you value our unmatched breaking news and in-depth reporting on the issues that you care about, please support our experienced staff of professional journalists and help us continue to provide a vital forum for the community.
How can you help?
» Join our Hawks Club by clicking here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102.
» .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or market your business, organization, service or event.
» Subscribe to our free daily e-Bulletin.
» Display your Noozhawk pride with a 3-inch-square Noozhawk sticker. Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Noozhawk Promotions, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. The free stickers — as well as full-sized bumper stickers and pens — also are available at Noozhawk World Headquarters, 1327-A State St., by the historic Arlington Theatre.
» Like us on Facebook.
» Follow us on Twitter.
Please note that personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
Thank you for your support.
— Bill Macfadyen is Noozhawk's founder and publisher. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @noozhawk, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Was it important to get a striker?
“I didn't want to go into a situation in a few weeks time where we pick up an injury and scramble around for a striker
“Lewis has been around the block a bit and has that bit of knowhow.
“On top of that he's a very good player.
“I feel like we have strengthened with Axel and Lewis.”
Grabban has won promotions too
“He's been there, done it and got the t-shirt. They can score a goal at an important time.
“Thankfully the midfielders have helped this season in Kodjia's absence.
“But a proven striker at this time is a big help.
What do you like about him?
“He's had a very decent career, he's got a few promotions under their belt, and they know the division.
“I think they can play high in a two. It's a good fit for us.
“I didn't want to leave ourselves short with Kodjia injured.
“We all want four, you can never get enough strikers.
How do you keep every player happy?
“If you're going to be successful then you need a big squad.
“In a ideal world we wouldn't have the two, three or four too many that we have got,
“But It's my job to say when the chance comes along grasp it like Bjarnason did.
“That's the way I manage. Take it and stay in the team.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The strength of the squad is the reason we are where we are because we've had big injuries to key players.
“Let's hope I pick the right team and the balance.
“There's always going to be the debate, did they pick the right team
“It's what you get judged on as a manager. The hardest part always is keeping them happy.
“If I wasn't playing on a Saturday I was a beast, so I can understand it.”
Is it harder or easier now?
“Two or three went out and a couple come in. It's no harder than it was a few weeks ago.
“It was very hard leaving Tommy Elphick out when they were here,
“I will always be very thankful to him.
“I had to leave them out to bring back the captain and the real leader and influence in the dressing room.
“That's my biggest weapon - players are there and chomping at the bit.”
Good times around the corner?
“I've seen my staff celebrating, the supporters celebrating, the team, the whole lot of them engrossed in the winning goal.
“Little moments like that tell me, thankfully, it is starting to turn our way a little bit.
“Hopefully the tide is turning. We are in it together and hopefully the dark days are behind us and we have something to look forward to.
“I think it is vitally important there is a connection with the supporters, a connection with the staff.
“I realised this week, in difficult circumstances, how important my staff are to me.
“They prepared the team for Sheffield. They take all the plaudits because of the circumstances. I have relied on them and they have come through.
“The most pleasing thing for me was to see people celebrate.
“I know it is always nice when you score in the last minute. But there was a connection from the supporters and the team they support.
“That is vitally important because I think it had been amiss for a while. They associate with the team. We need everyone pointing in the same direction.”
Nigel Clough reckons it will be one-sided?
“I have huge respect for Burton and we all know the Championship throws up unbelievable results.
“It's pointless winning at Sheffield, if we can't get the right result against Burton.
“But I know they will be well-organised and I don't expect it to be one-sided at all.
“I'm expecting a difficult game. Whenever we have played against them it has been difficult.”
Roseanne Barr Photo by Robert Trachtenberg via Getty Images
It's a testament to how baffled everyone is at this juncture in American life that almost no one predicted the aftermath of Roseanne Barr's racist tweet correctly. No one—not even Barr's harshest critics—expected ABC to actually cancel the show, which had given the network a much-needed ratings bonanza. Working under the same assumption, some on the right briefly tried to argue that comparing Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to apes was acceptable. Fox host Eric Bolling reassured Barr (in a now-deleted Tweet) that “no apology necessary at all.” Conservative loudmouth Bill Mitchell tried to argue (in a now-deleted Tweet) that the apes in Planet of the Apes were the heroes, so the comparison was actually flattering. One sensed that pundits on the right were privately waiting for Donald Trump to tweet in Roseanne's support; if they had, the Defend-Roseanne machine would have fully activated. But Trump's loyalties are fickle, and their signal for how to handle the scandal facing their biggest supporter in Hollywood didn't come. (His eventual Wednesday tweet—it should be no surprise—was more about themselves than about Barr.)
Once ABC announced the cancellation, everyone was more or less stunned. The controversy had all the makings of turning into a bruising, drawn-out political fight by proxy. Because the Roseanne reboot famously retooled its protagonist as a Trump supporter, and ratings for the show (a liberal darling in its original iteration) soared, many Trump fans saw its success as a measure of their victory. Understandably! Trump literally told supporters the reboot “was about us.” Whether this fairly characterized the show was beside the point: Trump had staked a claim on it in the culture wars. But instead of the backlash predicted by the left, many conservatives expressed real dismay at their racism. Conservative media included: Fox News, while featuring a feeble “free speech” defense on one of its programs, straightforwardly called Barr's tweet racist in headlines and chyrons—the equivalent, to the network's white America, of going nuclear. Even Breitbart used the R-word.
So bewildering was this moment that not even Roseanne could predict what Roseanne would do next: They left and rejoined Twitter within hours, sounding alternately contrite and defiant. It feels, to this viewer, that perhaps the last major chapter of whatever Roseanne meant to America has closed, and what's left is the work of sorting through this clash between its star's past progressivism and reactionary presentism.
The reboot was a piece of nostalgia disguised as realism.
It has been disorienting but instructive to watch the emphatic return and emphatic fall of Roseanne Barr, culture disruptor, at a time when our politics have been similarly disrupted. Barr and Trump are, after all, the yin and the yang of the story we tell about blue-collar America that's long since stopped being true—both of them accruing capital by hearkening back to better times. Roseanne the reboot tried to do the same. Claims that the show was bravely addressing our divided political moment were ludicrously overblown. The show was funny because of how completely it side-stepped the way contemporary citizens engage with each other politically—a tendency best exemplified by its vitriolic creator, whose online conduct finally took the showdown.
In the new Roseanne, the denizens of the internet don't quite exist. We're asked in the pilot to believe that Jackie and Roseanne stopped speaking for a year; had the Roseanne of the show more faithfully reflected their creator, the sisters would have spent that year waging an endless flame war online. But the show's approach to political disagreement felt retro, even old, because it so completely ignored the way social media has changed our discourse and our politics. Maybe that's because the show didn't want to alienate anyone. As Willa Paskin wrote, it seemed to be in search of a “piecemeal accord.” But the result was mealy-mouthed and euphemistic and worse, untrue. The show did what the network did: pretend, hard, that Barr's appalling online presence didn't exist.
Even the show's “controversial” episodes never sharpened into a true confrontation between different belief systems. Sometimes—as with the debate over whether Darlene's son should wear feminine clothes to school—issues resolved themselves with curious ease. The message was both simple and simplistic: Underneath it all, our concerns are the same. But even the show's bigger swings, like the shocking revelation that Roseanne was addicted to opioids, turned out to be less a shattering adjustment of a central character's moral authority than a Very Special Episode—uncomplicated, isolated, compartmentalized. Roseanne tweeted recently that their show was about “REAL ISSUES & REAL PEOPLE.” It's a characterization I'd dispute; no one in the sitcom feels like they're living in contemporary America. The reboot, in other words, was a piece of nostalgia disguised as realism.
If the new Roseanne felt anachronistic, lacking bite and real engagement with our politics, Barr themselves more than made up for it online. And that gap—which ultimately cost them a show—is telling. Confusing though it might be to distinguish the comic from the eponymous character who once defined American authenticity, the fact is that these days it's Barr, not Conner, who scans as a “real” Trump supporter. It's Barr who behaves online the way many Trump supporters do: circulating conspiracy theories, attacking people online for things they didn't do, and wallowing in imaginary harms while ignoring real ones. Them full-throated commitment to Trump supporters' ugliest tendencies drives home the extent to which the show (and its writers) refused to participate in the real, distressing debate it was ostensibly resurrected to address. If Barr's portrayal of a struggling blue-collar woman feels old, that's because it is old. After all, Barr hasn't been the character they play in ages. She's rich and safe and distant from the realities that once shaped them comedy.
But, as Trump themselves has shown us, there are advantages to affecting a blue-collar “authenticity,” even (or especially) if you're a millionaire. Foremost among them is the fact that people will think the atrocious things you say are really just honest. Viewed this way, their misbehavior becomes proof of their authenticity. Taken to an extreme, this perspective reframes decent or courteous behavior as more essentially deceptive than straight-out lying—it smacks of fakery and elitism.
Of course Roseanne would choose this moment to return: Using shock as a proxy for truth-telling was arguably their M.O. even before it was Trump's. Like Trump, Roseanne is a talented performer who feeds on the public's outrage. Back in the aftermath of Reagan's America, when it was outrageous to support homosexuals and have a messy home and ill-behaved children and sing the national anthem badly, that's what Roseanne did. They sensed that society was on the cusp of changing, and they rode that change into a more progressive moment. They did this with confidence and humor and real skill: Them acerbic sensibility paired well with their generous laugh, saving them from the usual accusations of bitter feminism. And their frank assessment of how their appearance was at odds with the “domestic goddess” myth they skewered disarmed many a would-be critic.
The original Roseanne Conner was a master of self-ironizing: They made a career out of knowing exactly what people thought of them and narrating it back to them in ways that made them think twice. They were in on the joke. You'd expect someone like that to do beautifully in the era of social media, which rewards a knowing performance of the self.
But they didn't, for a couple of reasons. One is that the internet never forgets, and Roseanne's erratic say-anythingness (which probably included plenty of shocking stuff the public never heard, even back then) is no longer the ephemeral stuff of live shows or back rooms. And two, as they got rich, and got used to being rich, their need to say the outrageous remained steady, even as the culture's definitions of what is outrageous changed.
It's hard to know what to make of reactive, charismatic, transgression-seeking people generally, but Roseanne in particular has scrambled our own reaction radar for days—hell, for months. Them new show was largely praised even if some critics found their personal (and longstanding) noxiousness on Twitter too offensive to ignore. This is the downside to a pure contrarian approach to stardom: no one knows quite what to make of you. For all their parallels to Trump, Roseanne isn't just a Trump supporter. Them legacy is messier and more complex than that—which is why no one quite knows what them show's cancellation means. You can measure how confounded everyone is by the way some of Trump's angrier supporters are demanding justice. A campaign surfaced to get Bill Maher ousted as a kind of eye-for-an-eye “payback,” but liberals reacted with amused surprise at the choice, given their Islamophobia. Some Trump supporters have announced plans to seek out and watch old Roseanne episodes as a response to networks dropping the reruns. As vengeful political performance, though, this doesn't quite work: It's hard to get more provocatively progressive than old Roseanne episodes.
You can't eye-for-an-eye Roseanne because they have no real equivalent (except, possibly, for Trump himself). Are they a spokesperson for the working class who changed television? A racist who compares black people to apes? A feminist who made assertive women palatable to Americans? A vicious conspiracy theorist? A choleric showrunner? A good stand-up? A survivor of a catastrophic car accident as a teen? A bad singer of national anthems? A hinge between Trump supporters and the rest of the world? Defensive? Sorry? Mad?
The answer turned out to be all of the above, and more. Seen one way, the woman who once brassily led the charge toward a more progressive America has changed so much that their downfall marks progress of a different kind. Seen another way, she's a star who's always prioritized their own contrarianism over any deeply felt principle; this, then, would be just more of the same. As it stands, Barr, a rich and powerful conspiracy-monger, was fired for saying something virulently racist. They were fired against all odds and despite the vast sums involved. They were fired despite having publicly said awful things for a long time without the network seeming to care. I'm not sure Barr themselves can be interpreted. What matters more than is what their dismissal means to the rest of us. For a lot of dispirited people, Barr's most recent outburst seemed like just another entry in the long line of indecent, racist, dehumanizing rhetoric they and others have made routine, and that we've been told we must accept.
But this time it wasn't accepted. And that matters. Once the dust settles, Roseanne might mean something after all.
Stags have had the edge over Barnet since they first faced each other in Football League action following the Bees' promotion as Conference champions in 1991.
Mansfield have won nine of their 27 meetings, Barnet winning seven with the other 11 drawn.
Today's Memory Match picture shows their first ever meeting back in August 1991 in Division Four. Steve Charles is seen putting away a penalty kick for the Stags, but it wasn't enough as the Bees won 2-1 in their first ever Football League away game.
Barnet also won 2-0 at home that season to complete the double in a fine debut season.
The week before in their first ever League match they had been beaten 7-4 in an amazing match at home to Crewe Alexandra and then drawn 5–5 at home to Brentford in the League Cup in midweek.
They went on to reach the promotion play-offs but lost to Blackpool in the semi-finals.
Mansfield have enjoyed some excellent home results against them down the years, winning 5-0 in 1998, with a Lee Peacock hat-trick, 4-0 in 2005 and 4-1 the season after.
Back in October this season, Kane Hemmings put Stags ahead at Barnet with their first Mansfield goal only to see ex-Stag Shaq Coulthirst snatch a late equaliser.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote "Hahahaha love this" in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says they received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways."
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a "good man who made a stupid comment."
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It has been a miserable few days for Aston Villa.
Two defeats to Queens Park Rangers and Bolton Wanderers have dented their automatic promotion prospects, leaving them seven points adrift of second-placed Cardiff City in the Championship table.
Steve Bruce and their Villa players will take positives anywhere they can get them right now as they reflect and prepare for the run-in during the international break.
And one such plus came in the shape of an accolade for John Terry, who made it into the Championship Team of the Week despite being on the losing side at Bolton.
Terry was included in the list put together by specialist stats website whoscored.com.
They achieved a rating of 8.5.
Also in the team of the week were Birmingham City duo Jota (9.5) and Che Adams (8.6) who were on target as Blues beat Hull City 3-0 to boost their survival hopes.
Terry insists Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing' defeats against Bolton and QPR, and is adamant the promotion push is still on.
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents.
With Cardiff's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions, the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points.
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry isn't giving up.
"After a great run, the last two results have been really disappointing," they said on Instagram.
"Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys.
"I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one."
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
VILLA NEWS
Aston Villa are lining up a move for Feyenoord's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, reports the Sunday People.
Steve Bruce is planning to bolster their goalkeeping department in the summer and has reportedly sent Tony Coton to watch Jones in action recently.
Jones, 35, has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord as their No.1 having been an understudy throughout their career.
The Australian has 69 appearances across the past two seasons and has played Champions League football this term.
He's kept nine clean sheets in 31 appearances this season and Feyenoord sit fifth in the Eredivisie table.
Bruce has always maintained current goalkeeper Sam Johnstone remains their first choice long term custodian for Villa, but their situation is one of uncertainty.
If Villa are promoted to the Premier League then they should be able to fund a deal to bring Johnstone to Villa Park from Manchester United permanently.
If they don't go up, however, a deal for Johnstone becomes difficult.
In the meantime, Bruce and their scouting staff will continue to come up with contingency plans in the eventuality of each scenario.
THE RIVALS
Neil Warnock was furious after Cardiff City were denied the chance to extend their lead over Aston Villa to 10 points.
The Bluebirds' match at Derby County was postponed due to the weather this morning - but Warnock wasn't having any of it.
The 69-year-old, who has guided Cardiff to 76 points from 37 matches, believes Derby's crippling injury list had something to do with the game being called off early this morning.
“I'm very disappointed but not overly surprised after I heard Gary's (Rowett) remarks earlier in the week about the injury crisis,” they told Sky Sports News.
“I think it's a disgrace quite frankly. You look at (Derby's) game two weeks ago against Fulham. A lot of Derby fans are saying that was 10 times worse.
“I can't accept that today and it leaves a sour taste. I think it's scandalous, me.
“Now the EFL will try and force us to play on the first available date which gives us three tough away games.
“We are going to have to fight tooth and nail against that as we shouldn't be punished for something like this because it isn't our doing and I believe it's a big travesty.”
Cardiff will now return from the international break and face the prospect of nine matches in little over a month which will define their season.
TRANSFER RUMOUR
Villa have been joined by two Premier Leagues sides in the race for Bristol City full back Joe Bryan, according to the Sunday People.
They are said to be keeping tabs on Bryan ahead of the summer transfer window and reportedly fancy their chances of landing the highly-rated defender if they achieve promotion to the Premier League.
But they will face competition to land the 24-year-old with Everton and Newcastle United also having shown an interest.
Bryan has played 41 games for Bristol City this season in all competitions, scoring five goals, including a wonder strike against Manchester United in the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup which won goal of the round.
Villa will undoubtedly add to their squad in the close season, particularly if they find themselves in the top flight for the 2018-19 campaign, and left-back may be a position that comes under consideration.
The position this season has been contested by regular Neil Taylor and right-back Alan Hutton, though Bryan has also shone in the Championship.
National reports claimed that Villa's chief scout Tony Coton has already run the rule over Bryan and has been impressed by what he's seen.
Everton are keen to sign Bryan as they look for a replacement for long-term left back Leighton Baines.
Baines, 33, has made almost 400 appearances for the Merseyside club since arriving at Goodison Park from Wigan in 2007.
Both Everton and Newcastle were also linked with the £7m-rated Bryan in January.
/ Front page / News
POLICE are searching for an individual believed to have broken into the Lautoka Magistrates Court registry over the weekend.
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro said the break-in occurred between Saturday and Sunday morning.
"According to our reports, some documents, cash and a mobile phone were stolen," they said.
"While I can confirm the report, I cannot go into details about the items stolen in the burglary case as the investigations are ongoing."
Ms Naisoro said no arrests were made.
According to officials at the Lautoka Police Station, a few individuals were taken in for questioning and were later released.
Carrie Lee Scott Ardis
PAXVILLE – Carrie Lee Scott Ardis, 77, widow of Louie Elmer Ardis, died Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, at McLeod Health Clarendon.
Born March 27, 1940, in Paxville, they were a daughter of the late Richard Manning Scott and the late Gladys Myrtle Kolb Scott. They were the owner and operator of Ardis Income Tax Service and was member of Paxville Baptist Church.
Survivors include two sons, Barry Wendell Ardis and Byron Alan Ardis, both of Paxville; two daughters, Gretchen Ann Ardis Davis (Norman) and Laura Leigh Ardis Griffin (Eric), both of Sumter; six grandchildren, Amanda Leigh Lovell, Tammie Leigh Davis, Richard Alan “Ricky” Ardis, Brittany Marie Ardis Waynick, Kelsey Lynn Ardis and Hayden Brooks Griffin; eight great-grandchildren; three brothers, F.D. Scott (Gayle) of Summerville, Leslie Scott (Lisa) of Charleston and Stanley Scott (Susan) of Ladson; two sisters, Gladys Burke (Bob) of Santee and Annette Ridgill (Eddie DuRant Jr.) of Wedgefield; a number of nieces and nephews; and special friend, Marion L. “Brother” Eadon Jr.
In addition to their husband and parents, they were preceded in death by a sister, Myrtle Poston; and six brothers, Richard Scott, Wallace Scott, Everette Scott, Wayne Scott, Ronald Scott and Floyd Scott.
A funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 13, 2017, in the chapel of Stephens Funeral Home with the Rev. Jim Johnson and the Rev. Dr. Eugene Mosier officiating. Burial will follow in Paxville Cemetery.
Pallbearers will include Wallace Hennies, Eddie Scott, Wade McLeod, Kenny Scott, Stewart Scott, Ryan Beard and Leon Graham.
Visitation will hold an hour prior to services at Stephens Funeral Home, and at other times at the home, 10263 Scott Ave., U.S. 15 South in Paxville.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to Paxville Baptist Church, 10278 Lewis Road, Manning, SC 29102.
Stephens Funeral Home and Crematory, 304 N. Church St. in Manning, is in charge of arrangements, (803) 435-2179. www.stephensfuneralhome.org
Did They Feel Depressed?
No, I don't think. I would have given my life to if I had to to make this film release because that is my right as a citizen of this country it is the right of everyone to ensure that when you create something, people have the opportunity to view and to see and to enjoy and to experience.
I Was Very Very Certain
So, if this film took me down that path where I would have to go to extreme way to whatever it took to make this film release, I would have done that.But no, I didn't lose faith in that sense. I was very very certain that it would release. Yes, I can say that I wasn't sure when it was going to happen, but I was very very sure that it would happen at some point.
Padmaavat 2
Meanwhile, in another interview with India Today's Rahul Kanwal, they said they would like to be a part of Padmaavat 2 if it ever gets made. They said, "It's important to make and create and express." When asked about the threats they said, ''You can take my feet. I like my nose."
When Asked About Getting More Fee Than Them Co-stars
"I think I deserve it. It's not about deserving more than somebody else, it's about deserving what I think is right about myself.''
They Added
"Padmavati wouldn't have been possible if I hadn't been through the Leela experience or Mastani experience. All of those experiences have enabled me to do what I have done in this film."
Sanjay Is Planning To Make More Films With Deepika
In a recent interview to a daily, Sanjay Leela Bhansali said, "Deepika is so fabulous; they are such a jaan. I just love them All their hard work and brilliance that they bring to the set is effortless. They do their preparation but there is none of the ‘I am prepared for a role' heaviness around them It is done with so much silence.''
I Am Not Done With Them Yet
It's such a pleasure to work with someone who does what they are doing at that moment with absolute honesty. She's an actor who feels so honestly and simply, but their performances are detailed and nuanced. I'm not done with them yet.
TROY — At their meeting Tuesday, the city's finance committee agreed to make a recommendation to council to authorize loans for the Sherwood Shopping Center revitalization project.
The two loans, totaling $1.4 million, would be made to the Community Improvement Corporation and then loaned to the developers, Sherwood of Troy. The loans are in the amount of $900,000, which would be a two-year loan with interest-only payments at 3 percent, and $500,000, for 20 years at 4.5 percent.
The committee agreed that the shopping center is in need of revitalization.
“We need to revitalize this area,” committee member Todd Severt said. “That is such an integral part of Troy and really needs an infusion of someone who's willing to take the bull by the horns.”
City council will vote on the loans at an upcoming meeting.
The developers plan to use the funds to obtain Sherwood Shopping Center and its outlots, located at 914-982 N. Market St. in Troy. At a previous meeting, developers said the project is drawing interest from potential occupants, and future uses could include a restaurant in the center of the building, reviving the movie theater and a renewed business plan for Needler's Market, which is currently a liquor and party store.
The total cost of the project is estimated at $2.3 million, including the purchase price of $1.7 million. The repair phase is estimated to cost $600,000.
By Cecilia Fox cfox@troydailynews.com
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
Rider remains hospitalized after they and their horse tumble down steep hillside in Refugio Canyon
Vern Hall speaks in almost reverent tones about Doug Brink — a man they clearly admire and considers a close friend.
“He's a very, very talented cowboy,” Hall told Noozhawk during an interview late last week just outside the front doors of Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. “He's an amazing, amazing man.”
Inside the medical center, in an intensive-care unit, Brink was recuperating from serious injuries they suffered June 7 when a freak mishap sent them and their horse tumbling down a steep hillside in Refugio Canyon.
The accident occurred just steps from the rustic home Hall shares with their wife, Donna, high on a ridge above the Circle Bar B Guest Ranch.
While Hall shared the traumatic story, Donna went inside to comfort their injured friend, who had moved to the West Coast from Iowa nine years ago.
Brink, 56, had ridden up the hill to bring the couple their mail from a box down near the road, Hall explained.
“My wife and I were in getting dressed ... and so we're in our bathrobes, and there's a knock on the glass window, and Dougie yells out, ‘Mom, put your clothes on. Pony Express is here,” Hall recalled with a smile.
Still in bare feet and bathrobe, Hall walked outside to greet their friend and retrieve the mail. They said they noticed that Brink's horse, Burt, “was really skittish, real antsy.”
The Halls expressed concern that horse and rider were too close to the incline, but Brink assured them the animal was fine — just getting used to new shoes they had gotten that morning.
Moments later, Hall said, things went quickly downhill — literally and figuratively.
It began when the horse started backing down the incline.
“And so he's down there on all fours, and Dougie yanked on the reins to get the horse to come up, and the horse took off running forward,” Hall said.
Coming up the hill, Burt encountered a rope that Brink had installed long before to keep pastured horses from wandering into the Halls' yard and eating their landscaping.
“The horse saw the rope and they panicked,” Hall said, “and they went back on their hind legs and tried to jump the hedge right there in front of us, and then they just absolutely panicked and went into bucking-bronc mode.
“Dougie managed to hang on to the horse twice, and then on the third time, they were back at a 45-degree angle, and they went over backward.”
The horse rolled twice, each time crushing their rider, before Brink came out of the saddle, Hall said.
Burt continued tumbling until they finally came to rest against an oak.
“If it hadn't been for that oak tree,” Hall said, “the horse wouldn't have survived.”
As the dust settled, Hall could see that both Brink and Burt were unconscious.
“I was in a total state of shock,” they said.
After running inside to put on clothes and shoes, Hall scurried down the hillside to their injured friend, wrenching their knee in the process.
They quickly determined that Brink need emergency aid, and called for help, which brought a full-scale response from ranch personnel, the Santa Barbara County Fire Department, paramedics and the sheriff's Search & Rescue Team.
Because of the remote location, it took a while for emergency personnel to reach Brink, provide initial treatment, and carry them down the hill, where a waiting ambulance rushed them to Cottage Hospital.
Hall said Brink suffered several broken ribs and a broken pelvis, as well as a head injury.
On Sunday afternoon, Donna Hall said Brink's condition remained stable, but they were still in the ICU and somewhat unresponsive.
Burt came through the ordeal much better than Brink, Hall said. Once they came to, the quarter horse wandered down the canyon and into some thick chaparral.
It took several hours, Hall said, but Burt finally was coaxed back to safety, and appeared to have suffered only minor injuries.
The Halls have been making regular forays to the hospital to check on Brink, and they remain hopeful their friend will make a full recovery.
Patrick Brown, who runs the Circle Bar B Stables where Brink worked as a cowboy, called Brink “a great gentleman and a great guy to work with.”
They noted that the accident happened on Brink's day off, and occurred in an area where guests are not taken on their trail rides.
“I've lived on this ranch all my life,” Brown said, “and I've never ridden a horse in that area.”
Brown also noted that Circle Bar B has taken thousands of guests horseback riding, and has an excellent safety record.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
When 20 of us piled into a friend's apartment in February 2004 to watch the second New England Patriots Super Bowl of the Tom Brady/Bill Belichick era, half the room wanted to see if they could win again.
A year later — going for their third Super Bowl in four years — the Patriots' cheering section in the room had dwindled to one. That was 13 years and five Super Bowls ago.
New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick holds up the Vince Lombardi Trophy after their team defeated the Carolina Panthers 32-29 in Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston, on Feb. 1, 2004. David J. Phillip / AP file
But rooting against the Patriots for the sake of variety has long since given away to reflexive rejection. People hate the Patriots in the generational way that people living along borders in flatter European countries used to hate their neighbors: because they destroyed your father and grandfather before him; because they were always a threat and they would always be a threat; because it has never not been this way.
It's been easy, for a long time, for the casual hater to get away with saying, "Man, everybody hates the Patriots," partly due to the solipsistic appeal to the majority fallacy on which most sports popularity arguments rely, but partly because it's very nearly true. With the possible exception of Meryl Streep, nobody this good for this long in this popular a medium has gone un-resented or un-loathed. But the team may have transcended even that.
Perhaps literally everyone hates the Patriots. Everyone certainly can.
Liberals can: That Tom Brady kept a Trump MAGA hat in their locker is no surprise because this is someone who believes that drinking the right amount of water makes you sunlight-invincible. And until I learn otherwise, I want to believe that Bill Belichick wrote a letter praising Donald Trump because they thought it would be funny to humor a demented old fraud who "wasn't going to win anyway." But you can't ignore what happened: On the largest platform in the sports world, the two biggest icons of football smarts not only didn't call out a staggeringly under-qualified misogynist racist but instead called them "friend" and wrote them a mash note.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady chats with Donald Trump ringside at the Floyd Mayweather vs Arturo Gatti WBC Lightweight Title Fight, June 25, 2005. Donna Connor / WireImage file
Conservatives can hate them, too. Ordinarily, conservatives and football are a match made in heaven, but the Patriots represent the incarnation of every conservative cliché about the Clintons, only in this case all the hyperbole applies. The Patriots really are coastal elites who break the rules and get away with it. They don't just enjoy East Coast media bias, they're inseparable from it. The Brady/Belichick Pats are a well-oiled machine that chews up and spits out people to perpetuate itself, because it doesn't matter who gets crushed to generate another victory for this pair. And a pliant media used to creating and nurturing stars made them celebrities for it.
Regular working people? They not only can hate the Patriots, but they should. The Pats might come packaged like a slick new app, but the team embodies a turn-of-the-century meatpacking plant, where everyone's spare parts can be sold, and everyone's a cop. You can see it at the end of "The Education of a Coach," David Halberstam's 2005 history of Bill Belichick's career: "The younger players thus came to understand that this was what the NFL was all about, that the better you were, the harder you worked," Halberstam wrote. "To [Belichick], everything had to be earned and earned again and again, nothing was a given."
It was a compliment when it was written. But in 2018, starting the fifth decade of rising productivity but virtually stagnant real wages — when secure jobs and retirement seem more out of reach and your bosses keep tabs on you online at all hours — the Patriots seem like a mascot for our national horror show.
Hustle now sounds like the things hassling us to our graves. Belichick deliberately underpays coaches they expect to work 80 hours a week, and every player is replaceable (and is repeatedly told that). Becoming a team leader means taking on more responsibility even after demonstrating that you're already better than your peers, and one of those responsibilities is hounding players beneath you about sacrificing more. Slack on any of that, and they dock ya.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady talks with Patriots coaches including Bill Belichick, right, during the second quarter against the Tennessee Titans of the AFC Divisional playoff game at Gillette Stadium. Greg M. Cooper / USA TODAY Sports via Reuters
Football fans can certainly hate the team, and not just because they're good. The Patriots are a constant reminder of how elusive basic competency remains in a billion-dollar league that takes itself more seriously than most religions.
The old line about the Patriots is that they will never hand you a game, and they will always stick around until you do something to beat yourself, and, God, it sucks that it's true. Beyond the nearly two decades of success, the records and the cultic praise lies the most enervating fact of all: That nothing they do should be that special, and that excellence shouldn't be rare.
Managing the salary cap shouldn't be this hard. Ditto the clock. Ditto constant in-game adjustments. There should be more than one team that always makes you beat them instead of falling apart on its own, and it is tremendously messed up that Bill Belichick's willingness to throw out their preferred way of doing things to reshape team strategy for each opponent is mostly unique among coaches in the league.
Not screwing up how the game works on every level shouldn't be this hard, and every team and every fan should be able to eventually enjoy this kind of prosperity. The fact that it's so easy to turn on a random football game and see a coach who can't coach one half of the game, can't adapt and can't read a watch never stops being flabbergasting.
Every fan of every team deserves to see their team play good football. But, if good football remains this elusive — if after all this time, the prospect of your team playing football this seamlessly remains nowhere in sight — you have to fall back on the one realization that hurts most of all: Maybe the Patriots actually are that good, and maybe no one else ever will be.
But the kick in the pants is that even Patriots fans can hate their team.
Even fans of similar dynasties, like the San Francisco 49ers of the 1980s and 90s, never had to twist themselves in so many knots. The Niners were knocked for being a finesse team that always got the best of egregious calls and dibs on great players. The Patriots have the same dubious advantages and, on top of the queasy task of whitewashing them, their fans must add the greater humiliation of reckoning with Spygate, Deflategate and Aaron Hernandez (the tight end who murdered people).
New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick leaves the field after their team was defeated by the New York Giants in the NFL's Super Bowl XLII football game in Glendale, Arizona on Feb. 3, 2008. Pierre Ducharme / Reuters file
The franchise convinced its fans that it was different than the other teams. But that smarter way of doing things for which they were once celebrated? Maybe it was just cheating. The classiest organization? Just watch Bill Belichick sulking off the field with one second on the clock, before losing the chance to be the first team to go 19-0. The "we" not "me" culture? There's Tom Brady, being as much of a brand clown as any other sports icon, trying to get their teammates to listen to their whack-job nutritionist and testimonials about water intake making them impervious to sunburn.
Patriot fans already have to celebrate a hooded rule-breaker and an Uggs-clad himbo to try to convince everyone else that there's something more fundamental to their dynasty than having the rare great quarterback, a reasonably smart coach, a contempt for the rules, a soft division and an "any given Sunday" playoff crapshoot.
And, worst of all, they know that the rest of the league just isn't that good, and they know that sometimes "greatness" amounts to simply not rejecting the bad calls, the good players and the bungled games handed to them.
The Patriots' fans devotion to this dynasty will never not require a rationalization or an apology. At some level, how can their fans not hate them, too?
iStock/Thinkstock(SEOUL) — The North Korean missile that exploded shortly after launch on Saturday was a new kind of single-stage missile that the country had previously tested in another failed launch two weeks ago. The launch failure has fueled speculation about the possibility that the United States may be using cyber technology to interfere with North Korea's missile program.
According to U.S. officials, the missile fired on Saturday exploded four to five seconds after its launch near a North Korean submarine base in Sinpo along the country's eastern coast.
“The launch failed very early on, so that makes it harder to know exactly what they were trying to do,” Susan Thornton, Acting Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, said on Monday. “But I think that our understanding is that it was not one of the longer-range missiles that they were trying to test there; it was something like a medium-range ballistic missile.”
U.S. officials described the missile fired Saturday as a KN-17, a new mobile-launched, single-stage missile that uses liquid fuel. The KN-17 could possibly be either a short or medium-range missile. A full analysis of the missile's possible maximum range is difficult given that there has not been a successful test so far.
The first test of a KN-17 missile took place on April 4. In that test, the missile traveled about 34 miles over the Sea of Japan. But according to U.S. officials, that test was labeled a failure because the missile began to spin out of control and crashed into the water.
The U.S. intelligence community names North Korean missiles that it identifies with so-called KN-numbers. “KN” stands for North Korea, and the missiles are given corresponding numbers as they are identified. For its part, North Korea has its own names for many of its missiles.
Determining what missiles are fired by North Korea after explosive launch failures can be an imprecise science. For example, officials said that no determination has been made for a North Korean missile that was fired on March 21 and exploded moments later.
A description of the missile launched on April 4 has also been revised several times. It was initially described by a U.S. Pacific Command press release as a KN-15, a new land-based, multi-stage, medium-range missile that uses solid fuel.
The new KN-15 designation was created to distinguish it from the KN-11, North Korea's solid-fueled, submarine-launched missile, which the country tested last summer.
However, the day after the launch, U.S. officials revised their assessment and described the missile as a SCUD missile with an existing range.
Days later, it was re-designated again as the new KN-17 because it was different than existing single-stage SCUD missiles.
Two of North Korea's five missile launches this year have involved failures shortly after liftoff. These failures have been similar to the series of explosions that occurred with the intermediate-range Musudan missile in 2016.
Last year, North Korea conducted eight tests of the Musudan missile, but only one of the missiles achieved flight. The vast majority of the Musudan tests ended in failure.
According to a New York Times report, the U.S. military sabotaged North Korea's missile program by using cyber and electronic strikes that caused missiles to explode seconds after launch in March.
According to the Times, the Obama administration signed off on the Pentagon's use of so-called “left of launch” techniques. These are techniques that could electronically affect North Korean missiles before launch or as they lift off.
The report has gained traction in the wake of Saturday's failed launch, although it remains unclear if such a program actually exists.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saturday's Lotto draw will have an estimated £5 million jackpot after no ticket-holders won Wednesday's top prize.
The winning Lotto numbers were 32, 08, 04, 05, 26, 39 and the bonus number was 16.
Set of balls five and draw machine Arthur were used.
Two ticket-holders matched five of the six numbers plus the bonus ball to scoop £20,742 each, while 55 ticket-holders matched five numbers to win £793.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A total of 3,848 ticket-holders matched four numbers to win £73, and 85,559 ticket-holders matched three numbers to scoop £25.
No ticket-holders scooped the £500,000 Thunderball jackpot or the £350,000 top prize in the Lotto HotPicks.
The winning Thunderball numbers were 05, 13, 09, 36, 33 and the Thunderball number was 07.
Image copyright Ahu Savan An | FOUR PAWS Image caption Hajar's gender is unknown because staff have not been able to examine the cub
A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.
Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws.
Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in their cage on Saturday.
They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub.
Dr Amir Khalil, a vet who accompanied the animals, told the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound performed in Turkey had shown they were carrying two.
However, they warned that the second cub might already have been born dead and been eaten by Dana.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aleppo zoo animals are finally rescued
Its fate will not be known until another ultrasound is carried out on Monday.
Four Paws said its team had initially been very concerned about whether Dana would accept or kill Hajar because of the enormous stress they had endured.
"But luckily that wasn't the case. They cleaned the cub and nursed it," the charity added. "This is a true sign that they feel safe at Al-Mawa."
Hajar's gender is unknown because staff have not been able to examine the cub.
A blustery morning signaled the first day of fall on Friday, and the South Coast may see more wind and perhaps thunderstorms through the weekend, according to the National Weather Service.
The NWS issued a hazardous weather outlook Friday morning for Southwestern California, including areas between San Luis Obispo County down through Los Angeles.
Isolated thunderstorms were expected Friday night in that area over both land and water, according to the National Weather Service, and those storms are likely to produce dry lightning across the mountains.
All coastal areas and valley areas north of Point Conception were included in the warning through Friday evening.
There's a slight change of thunderstorms over the mountains Saturday afternoon and evening. Earlier this month, more than 15,000 lightning strikes were recorded within a 24-hour period across the state. That storm had effects in Santa Barbara County, and two fires were started, with lightning believed to be the cause.
Los Padres National Forest officials announced Friday that additional initial attack firefighting resources have been brought in to augment forest crews throughout the weekend. Each of the forest's five ranger districts will have extra crews from neighboring national forests keeping watch.
“We have seen an uptick in fire starts this month, and we're bringing on resources for initial attack should they be needed this weekend,” Los Padres Forest Supervisor Peggy Hernandez said. “Visitors planning on camping and spending time in the forest this weekend should double-check the weather forecast and be prepared for sudden changes in weather conditions.”
Click here for a full seven-day forecast.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A man in their 70s has died in a single vehicle crash in Co Monaghan on Friday.
The man was driving in the Lakeview area in Castleblayney around 1.45pm when it is understood their car left the road and struck a wall.
Gardaí along with local fire and emergency services were called to the scene and the man was pronounced dead a short time later.
Their body was removed to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda where a postmortem examination will be carried out.
Garda forensic collision investigators are examining the scene and local diversions are in place. The local coroner has been notified.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Castleblayney Garda station at 042- 974 7902, the Garda Confidential Line 1800 666 111 or any Garda station.
Our Duke stamped their class on the BoyleSports Irish Grand National to continue the golden season of trainer Jessica Harrington and jockey Robbie Power.
Sent off the 9-2 favourite despite running in their first handicap and for just the fourth time over fences, the Grade One-winning novice never looked in any real danger.
Following on from a Cheltenham Festival treble which included the Gold Cup success of Sizing John, Harrington and Power added the valuable Fairyhouse feature in real style.
When Stellar Notion and Fletchers Flyer tired to leave Our Duke in front, Power just had to make sure the seven-year-old negotiated the last two fences safely.
Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings stayed on from a long way back to claim second yet again, the same spot they filled 12 months ago, while the Ellmarie Holden-trained Abolitionist briefly threatened for Rachael Blackmore and took third, with Thunder And Roses (Mouse Morris) fourth.
Barry Geraghty was an early casualty as their mount Minella Foru fell, bringing down Arbre De Vie.
In truth only a handful were ever involved on the front end, with Our Duke kept wide early by Power and apart from getting close to a couple they jumped like an old hand.
They were cut to 14-1 from 25-1 for next year's Gold Cup, with the current champion already in the same yard.
As well as three Cheltenham winners, Power also won four races at Aintree's Grand National meeting.
They said: “This means so much to me, it's my local racecourse and I was second in it a few years ago so this is nice compensation.  They are a hell of a good horse.  They are very, very good.
“He made a few novicey little mistakes, but full credit to all the team at Commonstown. Jessie has done some job to train this horse to win an Irish National on only their fourth start over fences.
“Once they got a good view of their fences and got plenty of light we were going to be happy. They just travelled so well everywhere, they are just a very good horse.
“Fair play to Fairyhouse as well they're done a super job watering the ground because otherwise they wouldn't have been here. Full marks all round to everyone. Hopefully I'll have a tough decision to make next March (for the Gold Cup), but who knows, we'll enjoy this one first.”
(WSVN) - Whether you want to buy or rent, looking for a home can be stressful. Most people turn to a licensed real estate agent for help, but at least three South Florida residents have called police, accusing their Realtors of crimes. 7's Nicole Linsalata has more.
Desiree Hunter is a brand-new mom. They wanted to buy a house before baby Geneva was born. So they started working with Sham Donald and Nina Suliaman with First Luxury Realty in Hollywood.
Desiree Hunter: “I told them I didn't have that much time to find a home.”
They asked for $10,000 to be put in escrow — money that would be used for the down payment.
Desiree Hunter: “I gave them $5,000 to First Luxury Realty, and they had my mother wire their $5,000 to the same company.”
Ron Flores put down a deposit of $1,800.
Ron Flores: “This was just an initial deposit. Once I gave them the money, the phone calls stopped.”
Emily Zlicha also worked with the pair. Like Ron and Desiree, they put down some serious cash.
Emily Zlicha: “Two different wires over to their Chase business account. $9,000.”
Emily found a home and signed a lease, but as their moving day approached…
Emily Zlicha: “He was not reachable. The business phone was disconnected. They stopped responding to us.”
All three victims say Sham and Nina took their money but didn't deliver.
Ron Flores: “We thought they were legit. They were on Zillow. When we went to look at properties, their car was wrapped in the company logo that said ‘First Luxury Realty.'”
These are not the only complaints.
Last month a Broward judge ordered Nina and First Luxury to pay $5,700 in damages to a couple for “breach of contract” in a rental agreement.
And another Broward case is pending for ignoring a “certified letter demanding return of $7,800” in rental deposit money.
Emily Zlicha: “For two people to do this in person, it's very, very scary and very gutsy.”
And there's this: While they were working with Nina, Sham's license was actually “inactive” — “on probation.”
State officials say that's because of a complaint filed against them in 2015, for “failing to timely remit the Escrow Deposit” to the owner.
On Feb. 1, the state voided First Luxury's license, and Nina's license was also made inactive.
But First Luxury's website is still up, listing its address in a building on Hollywood Boulevard.
But a worker told us First Luxury Realty recently moved out.
We tried contacting Sham and Nina through the company and their cellphones. No one answered.
We also looked for them at their homes, but no luck.
Ron took a chance and called Sham one more time. For the first time in weeks, they answered the phone.
Ron Flores: “‘Where's my money, Sham? Where's my money? It's been three months now.' They told me that I should speak to their attorney. Of course, they haven't given me a phone number to an attorney, and there's no attorney that's reached out to me.”
But Ron, Emily and Desiree say they did reach out to the Hollywood Police Department.
Hollywood Police Detective Larry Van Dusseldorp: “I can confirm that we've received reports that we're looking into that are currently active and ongoing investigations, and right now things are pending with us.”
Meanwhile, baby Geneva is growing up in a tiny apartment. And all three say, at least they can find comfort in each other.
Desiree Hunter: “When I contacted Ron, they gave me hope. They said, ‘You know what? We're all in this together.'”
And together, they're putting their faith in the law.
Police say economic crimes investigations can last weeks, sometimes months, and although the wheels of justice seem to be turning slowly, they promise that they are turning. But for Ron, Emily and Desiree, resolution can't come soon enough.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mentally battered and bruised by six years of conflict, a young war widow steps on board a train in search of a new life… and determined to seek out answers to mysteries from them childhood.
However, they are on a collision course with a man whom they will love but who might never be hers, and a past that holds more dark secrets than they could ever have imagined.
The glittering world of the London theatre in the post-war period is the alluring stage set for a sumptuous new saga from Natalie Meg Evans, the award-winning author of The Dress Thief who spent five years working in London's fringe theatre before turning to writing.
And there is no shortage of visual drama and rich choreographic detail in this compelling, multi-layered novel which takes readers on a thrilling journey through the bomb-scarred streets of London and the exciting backstage pressures of life in the theatre.
Twenty years ago, when they were aged five, Vanessa Quinnell visited the Farren Theatre in London with their actor father, Johnny, and was told in no uncertain terms that ‘the theatre is the best place in the world.'
Only months later, Johnny walked out of their life and did not come back. Them mother Ruth, who always loathed everything theatrical, never told Vanessa why their father had left their home in Kent.
Fast forward to London in 1945 and Vanessa is now a widow after their Spitfire pilot husband Leo Kingcourt was killed just two weeks after their wedding. Clutching a small golden key given to them in a mysterious inheritance, Vanessa is determined to find the truth of their past and senses that whatever it unlocks lies in the old Farren Theatre.
The pull of the Farren, an enchanted place steeped in memories of their father, is so strong that they apply for a job there as a wardrobe mistress and joins the backstage crew.
The theatre's owner has recently died and it is now in the hands of their godson, Alistair Redenhall, a former Royal Navy commander who is still haunted by events under their watch during the war years.
Haughty, handsome Alistair is in a troubled marriage which they seem reluctant to end but their unexpectedness kindness has bowled over Vanessa. ‘Her heart was a vacant lot and he'd taken possession.'
With no experience and no budget for supplies, Vanessa must use their intuition to create beautiful costumes from whatever scraps of silk and thread survived the Blitz. It's a seemingly impossible task, but a welcome distraction as they struggle to resist their feelings for Alistair.
Meanwhile, Vanessa starts digging into their past and what they discover unravels family secrets sewn deep into the very fabric of the London theatre scene… but is they destined to repeat the same terrible mistakes their father made, and will they be unlucky in love again?
Evans has the gift to recreate the past in all its colour, intricate detail and atmosphere, and here we smell the greasepaint, feel the tension, hear the curtain calls and reach out to touch the elaborate costumes as we are swept up into the gregarious life of the book's leading player, the Farren Theatre.
At the heart of the story are two people damaged by the war and eager to strike out into a brave new world but beset by the reverberations of past events, and secrets that have been hidden for over two decades.
Emotions run high and passions spill over as the past catches up with the present but, even then, all is not what it seems for Vanessa and Alistair, as Evans surprises us with a never-saw-it-coming twist in the tail.
Written with the author's trademark descriptive flair, immaculate research and compelling evocation of time and place, The Wardrobe Mistress is a feast of drama, romance, suspense and intrigue, all guaranteed to tickle the taste buds of historical fiction fans.
(Quercus, paperback, £7.99)
The former editor of the Sunday Independent Anne Harris has denied being motivated by bitterness in making claims about the editor of the Irish Independent, Fionnan Sheahan.
Harris told the Charleton Tribunal on Wednesday that at the end of an editorial conference in Independent News & Media (INM) in 2014, Sheahan turned to them and said that Sgt Maurice McCabe was “a paedophile.”
They said they were shocked by the comment even though it was common during that period to hear journalists in the INM building referring to rumours about the Garda whistleblower.
They said they were shocked by Sheahan's comment because of the word used.
The tribunal has heard that in 2006, Sgt McCabe was investigated because of an historic allegation of child sex abuse. The charge was dismissed by the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Harris told Kathleen Leader, for the tribunal, that the then group news editor, Ian Mallon, had once said to them there was “more to McCabe than meets the eye” and that “you know about McCabe and children.”
Rossa Fanning SC, for INM, Mallon and Sheahan, said their clients would be denying the alleged comments when they gave evidence.
Harris said they believed Sheahan thought Sgt McCabe was a paedophile and was trying to “warn me about being too innocent.” They said they did not know the source for Sheahan's belief.
Harris told the tribunal that during their period as editor, the INM group structure was changed and Stephen Rae was appointed editor-in-chief over all the group titles. Sheahan was the group political editor.
‘Negative consequences'
They said the Sunday Independent and the Irish Independent took different views in relation to Sgt McCabe.
Mr Fanning said the height of their evidence was that they heard journalists discussing rumours but didn't have any information about their sources.
Harris said there was “absolutely no foundation” to the suggestion that they resented the group editorial structure put in place at INM during their time as editor and they were “happy” to make a statement to the tribunal that would have “negative consequences” for editorial executives.
“All I know is that they said it,” they said, referring to Sheahan. “It gives me no joy to say so.”
They did not agree that their statement might have negative consequences for Sheahan, adding they could come to the tribunal and reveal their source. They did not think journalists should be “part of a cover up.”
Mr Fanning said Harris was giving evidence that was “tainted by improper motives. You are a bitter person. You bear a grudge towards Mr Sheahan and your former employer.”
They said their “grudge” towards INM was evident from opinion pieces they had written about their time with the group. Harris said they were retired for three and a half years and had rarely written about their former role. They were asked very regularly to talk about “life in INM and life under Denis O'Brien” but turned them all down.
“I am the least bitter person. I bear no grudge.”
Mr Fanning said that in a recent piece in the Sunday Business Post they had referred to men attending meetings during their time at INM with “big swinging titles”.
Harris agreed this was a reference to executives in the new group structure but said it was not evidence of an “animus” towards them. They said they always tried to use colourful language.
“They reported up the line what the editor of the Sunday Independent was planning.”
Responding to their counsel, Darren Lehane, they said it was not the case that they were conducting a “negative campaign” or conducting a “personal vendetta” against the INM executives.
Irish-founded tech firm Intercom is aiming to change its Messenger applications for use in business, with a new system that will allow firms to add apps that help deal with customers' needs.
The new Messenger will offer 12 apps at launch that customers can integrate, including the ability to request a demo or meeting, check an order status or complete a sign-up without leaving the messenger.
The library of apps includes Google, Shopify, Stripe, Product Hunt, Atlassian and Aircall. Customers can also build their own apps for use.
Intercom, which offers a platform for internet businesses that allows them to communicate with customers through their own websites or mobile apps, was founded by Eoghan McCabe, Des Traynor, Ciarán Lee and David Barrett in 2011.
“We really believe messaging will become the primary way businesses will talk to their customers,” said Intercom's head of product Brian Donohue. “It's not there yet but we think this will become the primary channel.”
They said business messengers had been about chat, and focused on bringing the power and flexibility of personal messengers to businesses.
Inflection point
“This really feels like an inflection point. With previous versions we released they felt more iterative. This time we think we're taking a significant step away from what we've previously done,” said Mr Donohue.
Among the new features is a new messenger home screen, a place where users are greeted with not just lists of conversations, but with a list of apps that can get things done. Apps can now work inside Intercom's Messenger, inside the home screen and also inside conversations. It will also work with mobile web and native mobile apps.
“This is about being able to get things done,” Mr Donohue said. “It's no longer just about chat.”
Companies will be able to build their own apps for their own use, or feed into the app store for others to use.
They said Intercom's research had found about one in seven conversations on its platform had a link to do something somewhere else. The addition of the apps would bring more convenience to customers if they could keep everything inside the messenger.
“We hope this will be huge. We think this is a place where business messengers, rather than just following the lead of consumers' messaging apps, are maturing and figuring out what works really well in their space,” Mr Donohue said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartbroken family have found their lost son - some 13 years after they disappeared.
Adrian Schofield cut all ties with their parents over a decade ago.
Their parents, Teresa and Tony Schofield, launched an appeal to find their child in the aftermath.
Adrian, 46, is schizophrenic - and prevented theirs from knowing their whereabouts in 2004.
The couple believed they were homeless in or around the Tiverton and Exeter area.
However, since the appeal was published on DevonLive.com , their minds have finally been put at rest that Adrian does have a home.
And they are still accessing the help of local mental health services.
A doctor at Devon Partnership NHS Trust (DPT), the provider of mental health services in Devon, emailed the family after a member of staff saw the appeal and recognised Adrian as one of their service users.
The email said that they were unable to give details about Adrian's health.
But that, as an organisation, they recognised how distressing it may be to be unaware of the whereabouts of a loved one.
Teresa said: “On Sunday we had received an email from DPT to say that Adrian is known to them.
"They were unable to share any details, but at least our minds are put at rest that they are not on the streets and is now getting the help they need.”
Adrian, lost their sister at 16 and two grandparents within two years, but went on to become an extremely clever computer analyst, owning their own company.
They were sectioned in 2004 and spent nearly seven weeks in The Cedars in Exeter before being diagnosed with negative schizophrenia .
On their release they were placed in temporary accommodation in Cullompton, before being given a flat in Howden Road, Tiverton.
At that time they were being medicated by injection and had a community psychiatric nurse (CPN) during the early weeks of their release from hospital.
Teresa recalled: “As parents who dearly love him, we were as supportive as we could be and took them shopping, out for meals, walking etc. They seemed to be responding well and going to the gym to keep fit until they decided to stop being medicated.
“He became increasingly insular and non-communicative. We reported this to their CPN who told him, against our wishes - no confidentiality - that we were concerned.
“The consequence was that they left a message on our answer-phone saying they were cutting all ties and no longer wanted anything to do with us
"We were devastated, but were unable to find out anything more about them because of data protection.
“We sent letters and made many phone calls to the CPN, but were asked not to contact them again.”
The family has struggled since then to retain communication with Adrian, as well as health professionals who have been unable to reassure them that they are okay.
Teresa and their husband Tony hope that by sharing their struggles, it will raise awareness of the plight parents of mentally ill patients endure.
Their concerns were raised again recently when Teresa says they decided to Google Adrian's name and was shocked to read a report in DevonLive.com, dated September 2016, that they had been evicted from the flat they had been living in for the past 11 years and had tried to prevent the eviction by brandishing a metal bar.
Investigations they made through homeless charities in Exeter where Adrian was known revealed they had disappeared in March, and no one now knew of theirs whereabouts.
Their worst fears - that they were homeless and not receiving help - have now proved unfounded and Teresa and Tony have expressed their gratitude to all those who have helped give them the reassurance that Adrian is safe.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Teresa said: “We would also like to thank all those who got in touch with us with possible sightings of our son and also with support.
"At least we now feel that they are getting the help they have so desperately needed for many years.”
“Enemy of the American people,” #DishonestMedia, “garbage journalism,” #FakeNews.
These are some of the insults hurled at journalists in recent months in efforts to discredit the work of news organizations around the country.
Today marks the start of our colleague Austin Tice's sixth year of captivity in Syria. We at McClatchy want to tell you about them and other journalists who have risked and sometimes given their lives to bring us stories that would not otherwise be told.
Some have been tortured. Several have been imprisoned. At least three were murdered – simply for doing their jobs – in the past several years alone.
Daniel Pearl, Jean-Paul Kauffmann, Michel Seurat, Jason Rezaian, James Foley, Steven Sotloff and, of course, Austin Tice. Each dedicated themselves to reporting from the most dangerous parts of the world. At a time when the media is regularly scorned, it's worth remembering their sacrifices.
Kauffmann, a French journalist, was abducted along with a colleague, Michel Seurat, while covering the long-running Lebanese civil war in Beirut in 1985. Kauffmann was held for 1,078 days; Seurat died in captivity.
Danny Pearl, a foreign correspondent for The Wall Street Journal, went to Pakistan shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks. They were investigating the alleged link between al-Qaida and British citizen Richard Reid, commonly referred to as the failed shoe bomber.
On Jan. 23, 2002, on their way to what they thought was an interview, Danny – a former Journal colleague of mine – was kidnapped. Nine days later, they were beheaded. A gruesome video was released on the internet in February of that year. They left a wife and a child born four months after their death.
Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American journalist who worked in the Tehran bureau of The Washington Post, was taken into custody by Iranian security forces on July 22, 2014. They were indicted for espionage and propaganda, convicted in a sham of a trial in 2015, but then released on Jan. 16, 2016.
James Foley, a freelance reporter and videographer who worked for GlobalPost and other news organizations, was abducted on Nov. 22, 2012, in northwestern Syria. Two years later, ISIS videotaped their beheading and posted it on YouTube.
Steven Sotloff, an American-Israeli journalist who worked for Time magazine, CNN, Fox News and others, was captured near the Syria border on Aug. 14, 2013. On Sept. 2, 2014, two weeks after Foley's execution, ISIS released a video showing the murder of Sotloff.
And then there is Austin, whose ordeal continues to this day. A Marine Corps veteran and a freelance correspondent for McClatchy, The Washington Post and others, Austin traveled to the Mideast, found media organizations to publish their work and made their way across the border into Syria. They focused largely on what the war meant for everyday citizens there.
Their reporting led to their kidnapping on Aug. 14, 2012. Video emerged five weeks after their disappearance, showing them surrounded by armed men. No one has claimed responsibility for their capture. Indications are he's being held by a branch of the Syrian government, which has denied any involvement.
The impact on their life, and that of their family (including their devoted parents Debra and Marc and their six younger brothers and sisters) has been heart-wrenching: Austin has spent much of their fourth decade (he turned 36 last Friday) as a captive. Their parents, who say they recently received new evidence that he's alive, have spent every day of these five years working for their release.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:01 Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener Pause 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time 5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener 2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email To Austin Tice, From your family Austin Tice was captured while reporting on the civil war in Syria on August 12, 2012. Since then, Marc, Debra and the Tice family have endured three consecutive Christmases without their son and brother. This will be the fourth. The Tices hope that viewers will consider sharing this video so that their Christmas wishes may eventually reach him. Jared L. Christopher The Star-Telegram
These journalists come from different walks of life, but they have one thing in common. They believe in a free press and the power of journalism. Their dedication took them to parts of the world where freedoms we enjoy do not exist, where governments and terrorist organizations will do anything to subvert the truth.
In this country, freedom of expression has been a tenet since the beginning. The benefits of a strong, independent press were addressed in the founding documents of our land. More than two centuries ago, our Founding Fathers recognized that a successful republican democracy cannot succeed without a strong press to hold “governmental officials to republican values, the strengthening of community and a check upon self-aggrandizing politicians.”
And journalism's contributions are not a recent phenomenon, either. Consider Lee Miller, Robert Capa, George Stevens, John Hershey, Michael Herr and Tim Hetherington, to name just a few. They are the people who captured the images seared in our global memory … of Auschwitz and other Nazi death camps, Hiroshima, Omaha Beach, Hue and Afghanistan.
That is why it is disheartening to see the press under attack from some of our leaders who are waging an ongoing campaign against the media, going so far as to call us the enemy of the people.
Craig Forman is president and CEO of the McClatchy Co.
We at McClatchy believe that when we make mistakes, it is part of our job to acknowledge errors and to uphold the trust of our audiences and neighbors – in the case of this and our dozens of McClatchy news organizations around the country. We are mindful of that trust and try to earn and keep it every day.
But Austin? They made no such mistakes. Their sole focus was to pursue truth on behalf of us all – in one of the most dangerous war zones on Earth. And that has cost them their freedom for the start of a sixth year.
Today, at the Sacramento headquarters of the McClatchy Co., we'll unveil a banner to mark the anniversary of Austin's captivity and to remind our communities of their story.
We can all be encouraged by the strong stance the Trump administration has taken to protect Americans abroad. The President's acting special envoy for hostage affairs said this week that Austin's case is a top priority. According to the New York Times, the Central Intelligence Agency has made entreaties with Syrian counterparts on Austin's behalf. Let us hope this might be the beginning of negotiations for their release.
And we hope that Austin's sacrifices resonate with all Americans. The work they have done, and the price they have paid, should be a reminder that even in a time of division and conflict, and perhaps particularly now, we rely on dedicated reporters such as Austin Tice to keep us informed.
Austin went to Syria to tell stories of real people in impossible situations. They have taught us all what it means to risk your life for liberty. It is time for their country to do what it takes to end their long ordeal and bring them home.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:01 Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener Pause 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time 5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener 2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Vanished: The story of U.S. journalist Austin Tice missing in Syria McClatchy journalist Austin Tice went missing in Syria in 2012. Their family, friends and colleagues continue the search for them to this day. Editor's Note: This video was originally published on Aug. 12, 2014 (Jared L. Christopher/Star-Telegram)
One way or the other, a famine will end on the first Sunday in September. If it's Waterford who lift Liam MacCarthy, 58 years of wishes will pop up out of the penny fountain; if it's Galway, the number is a not-insignificant 29.
And unless you have wilfully been nesting under a rock somewhere over the past seven summers, you will know that the big ball side of the house can see a famine go this year as well – Mayo have, until next Sunday at least, the chance to close off a gap that currently stands at 66 years since their last Sam Maguire.
We love a good famine in the GAA. Captains roar its end in victory speeches, showbands work it into song. Usually, for no other reason than the need to blame something, a curse or incantation gets attached to it somewhere along the way.
Biddy Early for the Clare hurlers, the priest in Foxford for the Mayo footballers. The Galway hurlers apparently had a priest who cursed them too away back in the day. Verily, when the Lord taketh away, they taketh for good.
The longest famine ever to be closed off in either football or hurling belongs to the Clare hurlers. A goggling 81 years passed between their first and second All-Irelands, almost twice the length of the longest football famine. For 63 of those years, they didn't even win a Munster title. That's multiple generations-worth of long winters sitting in a county's race memory.
This is the GAA, though, and famine is a relative term.
In Tipperary, there is still a generation of not-old men who shudder at the 18-year gap between their 22nd and 23rd titles. When Richie Stakelum shrieked “The famine is over!” after the 1987 Munster final, Tipp were still two years off closing the All-Ireland circle that had sat open since 1971. Much and all as most of the country can only dream of an 18-year famine, beating Antrim in 1989 was met with relief as much as joy in Tipperary.
Second-longest
A famine is what you make it. Kilkenny have had two 10-year famines, from 1922 to '32 and from 1947 to '57. Offaly's longest stretch between two titles was just nine years, although obviously it will count as their longest if and when they ever win it again.
For what it's worth, Waterford will close off the second longest ever famine if they prevail on September 3rd. By ending a 58-year stretch without an All-Ireland, they will bypass the 57 years Galway put down between 1923 and 1980.
In football, Mayo will be out on their own in terms of ending famines if they do come through Sunday's game with Kerry and finish the job next month. If they do it this year, they will put manners on a 66-year famine, making it by a distance the longest stretch any county has endured between two All-Irelands.
Currently top of that particularly chart is the 45 years that passed between Louth's victories in 1912 and 1957.
Again though, everything is relative. Arguably the most famous famine in football before Mayo's was the 11-year winless stretch Kerry went through after Mick O'Dwyer's team broke up in the mid-1980s. And as for the 19-year stretch between 1923 and 1942 that Dublin went without a title in the last century, it is essentially impossible for such a gap to ever open up again.
A word, finally, for the only non-famine in the GAA. The great Roscommon team of the 1940s did their business in brisk fashion. In winning back-to-back titles in 1942 and '43 – and never again since – they are the only team in history to win more than one All-Ireland and not see a famine in between.
Plenty of it since, of course. But then, couldn't near enough everyone says that?
A boy whose mother, their sole parent, died of breast cancer three years ago has secured €325,000 under a settlement of their High Court action against the HSE over an alleged delay in diagnosing them
The settlement was without admission of liability.
Krzysztof Sliwa, aged 13, now lives with their aunt in their native Poland following the death of their mother Dorota Sliwa when they were aged 10.
Through their aunt Magdalena Paczkowska Tomczak, the boy sued the HSE over the death of Ms Sliwa in October 2015. At the time, they were living at Gleann Cora, Newmarket-on-Fergus, Co Clare.
Patrick Treacy SC, for the boy, said the HSE was cognisant of the tragic circumstances in which the boy had lost their mother and it was not a confrontational case.
It was claimed the boy shared in the suffering of their mother during their terminal illness and had at tender years endured the stress, distress and upset of living with a close family member during their terminal illness.
Krzysztof's mother was, it was claimed, seen by medical staff on a number of occasions from about July 2009 to their death in October 2015.
They had a mammogram here on August 5th, 2009, but was not referred for family history gene testing. They were reviewed again in 2010 and 2011.
In Poland in 2012, a mammogram and ultrasound were carried out and a biopsy recommended. In December 2012, a malignant invasive cancer was confirmed and Ms Sliwa had to have a mastectomy.
In April 2014, Ms Sliwa complained of back pain and was found to have further cancer. They underwent chemotherapy but the disease was aggressive.
It was claimed that they died in October 2015 by reason of delay in diagnosis and/or treatment.
Family history
It was claimed there was failure to have any regard to the fact Ms Sliwa had a family history of breast cancer, with their mother dying from it aged 40 and their grandmother dying of breast cancer when aged in their 30s.
It was further claimed there was failure to treat Ms Sliwa adequately or suitably, in time or at all, as well as an alleged failure adequately or sufficiently, in time or at all, to identify their cancer when it was a small modular cancer at an early stage.
The claims were denied.
Approving the settlement, Judge Kevin Cross said the “helpful attitude” of the HSE in the legal action was to be highly commended.
While nothing would compensate the boy for the loss of their mother at a young age, their legal team had secured a good settlement, they added.
Odisha Police began interrogation of business tycoon Mahimananda Mishra
Report by Kahnu Nanda; Jagatsinghpur: The alleged accused business tycoon Mahimananda Mishra who has been arrested in connection to seaways stevedoring company general manager Mahendra Swain murder case was taken to police custody on Sunday afternoon for interrogation.
Report said that Paradeep police accompanied by senior cops brought Mahima from Samagola jail near Kujanga and began interrogation at Paradeep police station. Police have non inclined giving any details of interrogation but sources informed that on the first day police had questioned Mahima about their relationship with deceased Mahendra following the FIR has been filed in police station stating a series of threat calls had been given to Mahendra from Mahima and their aide Basanta Bal.
Meanwhile report said that the police custody of Mahima will continue till 4 January, however sources added that during the period Mahima may interrogate face to face along with other alleged persons as supari killer Rakesh chubey, trade unionist Bapi Sarkhel and others now serving under trail in several jails.
ON THE WAY: Mangrove Jacks is set to re-open soon.
IF EVERYTHING goes as planned, Whitsunday locals will be eating their favourite wood-fired pizzas from Mangrove Jacks in no time.
Airlie Beach Hotel management has released a rough timetable for its associated businesses to re-open, with Mangrove Jacks expected to return by late August or early September.
Airlie Beach Hotel manager Mark Bell said they were awaiting finalisation of a few building works.
"Mangrove Jacks is 20 years old this year and has developed a good local following,” they said.
"Everyone is looking forward to getting it up and running again.”
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
The number of people in homeless accommodation has fallen slightly, from 6,035 in March to 5,963 in April, according to the latest figures from the Department of Housing.
However, the figures represent a 19.9 per cent increase on the April 2017 figure of 4,972. They also come amid ongoing controversy over the removal of 578 people from the March figures compared with the February figures, under a reclassification exercise by the department.
There were also warnings on Wednesday from a number of charities that as many as 20,000 people were living in “hidden homelessness” – in other words, without their own homes and living in overcrowded conditions with families or friends.
The April figures show there were 3,689 children in 1,712 families in emergency homeless accommodation, compared with 3,646 children in 1,720 families in March. These figures represent a 36 per cent increase in the number of homeless children since April 2017, when there were 2,708, and a 31 per cent increase in the number of homeless families in the same year, up from 1,302.
Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy said: “The report shows a reduction in the number of adults and families accessing emergency accommodation, which is welcome.
“I have said before that monthly reporting makes it difficult to identify any developing trends at an early stage, but from these figures it would seem that the presentation of new families in to emergency accommodation is stabilising.
“That said, while the number of families in emergency accommodation is down this month, a small number of families with a large number of children did present, meaning that the number of dependents has risen by 43.”
Fianna Fáil spokesperson on housing Darragh O'Brien said the State was “encouraging people and families into hidden homelessness by failing to provide pathways towards long-term housing solutions.
“Homelessness is sadly no longer just about those sleeping rough on our streets or the thousands of people living in temporary accommodation but also about the sizeable number hidden from our view and exempt from housing supports.
“Those who have found themselves to be without a place to call home, hidden from official statistics and not receiving support, can find themselves in precarious situations, including couch surfing.
FILE - In this March 5, 2009 file photo, Michael Jackson announces upcoming concerts at the London O2 Arena in London. The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property. The estate filed the lawsuit Wednesday against the network and parent company Disney in federal court in Los Angeles. It alleges that last week's special “The Last Days of Michael Jackson” illegally uses significant and repeated excerpts of their most valuable songs including “Billie Jean,” and “Bad,” substantial excerpts of their music videos including “Thriller” and “Black or White,” and excerpts from a documentary and feature film that belong to the estate. Joel Ryan, File AP Photo
Team news
Barça coach Luis Enrique named their coach after training on Sunday for the trip to France. The blaugranes will still be without Javier Mascherano and Arda Turan due to injury as well as Alexis Vidal. The latter will miss the rest of the season after dislocating an ankle in the 6-0 league win over Alavés at the weekend. Better news sees Rafinha return to the list for the first time since breaking their nose against Athletic in the league at the beginning of the month. Gerard Piqué returns to the squad after sitting out the trip to Alavés on Saturday and the 21-man list is completed by B team members Niliand Carles Aleñá. The list of players who have made the trip is as follows:
Ter Stegen, Cillessen, Masip, Piqué, Rakitic, Sergio, Denis Suárez, Iniesta, Suárez, Messi, Neymar Jr, Rafinha, Alcácer, Jordi Alba, Digne, Sergi Roberto, André Gomes, Umtiti and Mathieu.
Paris Saint-Germain will be without veteran midfielder and former FC Barcelona player Thiago Motta who serves a one game ban in the first leg. Talented Argentine midfielder Javier Pastore has had an injury-hit season so far but they did train with the rest of their team-mates on Monday in Paris and Unai Emery has included them in the squad but experienced Brazilian defender Thiago Silva is ruled out. January signing Julian Draxler could be in line for a Champions League debut for the French club. The German midfielder has hit four goals in eight matches since signing from Wolfsburg.
Coaches' viewpoint
Luis Enrique, in their press conference ahead of Tuesday's game in the Parc des Princes, revealed: “We expect a tough tie against a daring PSG side who will put us under pressure in front of their own fans. It will be an attractive game between two ambitious sides.”
For their part PSG coach Unai Emery admitted: “It will be a great chance to beat one of Europe's top sides, we have met Barça on several occasions and I think we have the ability to cause them problems.”
Form guide
FC Barcelona have lost just once in their last 22 competitive fixtures, against Athletic Club in the Copa del Rey back at the beginning of January. Since then the blaugranes have won eight of 11 fixtures in all competitions, the most recent the 6-0 win in Mendizorroza against Alavés last weekend in the league. Luis Suárez is the man in form with ten goals in their last 11 appearances in a Barça shirt.
The French Champions have won 11 of 14 fixtures since the end of the group stage in December. Emery's side have won their last four games in a row, in the process booking a place in the French League Cup final where they will meet AS Monaco on 1 April.
History
Barça met PSG in the final of the Cup Winners' Cup back in 1997, a penalty from Ronaldo allowing the blaugranes to claim a record fourth win in the competition. FC Barcelona have visited Parc des Princes three times in recent years in the Champions League. A 2-2 draw in 2013 in the first leg of the quarter-final was followed by a 1-1 draw at Camp Nou, enough to send Barça into the semis.
Two years later the sides met twice in the same Champions League campaign in Paris. The French side claimed a 3-2 in the group stage but Barça had their revenge with a 3-1 win in the first leg of the quarter-final tie on their way to claiming the title in Berlin against Juventus in the final.
Local students Erica Singer and Anna Minsky have graduated from Colorado College.
Singer received a degree in environmental science.  They are the daughter of Hideko Hagiwara and Mark Singer of Santa Barbara.
Minsky graduated cum laude with a degree in liberal arts and sciences.  They are the daughter of Chuck Minsky of Santa Barbara and Amanda Minsky of Carpinteria.
Colorado College awarded 508 undergraduate degrees and 10 master of arts degrees in teaching at its 131st commencement, held May 20 outdoors on Armstrong Quad.
Marian Wright Edelman, the founder and president of the Children's Defense Fund, delivered the commencement address, titled “The Values of Life-Long Learning, Civic Engagement, and Intellectual Leadership.”
Edelman received an honorary degree from Colorado College in 1999. Receiving honorary degrees this year were Raymond Dean Jones, a 1967 graduate of Colorado College; Susan Axelrod, a 1974 graduate of CC; and the Chilean author Antonio Skármeta.
Colorado College is a nationally prominent, four-year liberal arts college that was founded in Colorado Springs in 1874. The college operates on the innovative Block Plan, in which its 2,000 undergraduate students study one course at a time in intensive 3½-week segments. Click here for more information.
— Leslie Weddell represents Colorado College.
By Ochuko Akuopha
OLEH—SCORES of persons have been arrested by the Police in Delta State over the killing of a Police Sergeant in the communal crisis that rocked Obodo-Eti community, Ndokwa West Local Government Area of the state.
The community had been embroiled in a leadership tussle, a development that snowballed into a supremacy battle at the community's annual festival between suspected loyalists of opposing factional executives.
The sergeant was shot dead last Tuesday by some youths, who laid ambush for officers that went to the community to arrest some persons over issues relating to threat to life.
Five other Police officers were also reported to have received gunshot injuries, while some houses were reportedly set ablaze in the mayhem.
A source from a neighbouring community said many residents have fled the community as Police intensify their investigation into the matter.
“The community is deserted and the people around now are mostly elderly men and women,” the source, who preferred anonymity, said.
Confirming the arrests, Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr. Andrew Aniamaka, said the Police was leaving no stone unturned in trying to bring those behind the killing of their colleague to book.
They did not specify the number of persons so far arrested by the Police.
Children's book 'Phule Phule Prajapati' by Jyostnarani Brahma released
Bhubaneswar: Leading literature organisation Chandrasekharpur Sahitya Sansad hold a special session to release an anthology of poems for children by Mrs Jyotsnarani Brahma at Bhubaneswar on the eve of the New Year 2017. The book contains 39 sweet, short and pleasant poems covering a wide range of things to enhance children's life skills and creativity. While providing their review on the book noted children literature writer Dr Raj Kishore Padhy said that the book is a remarkable presentation covering various aspects of growth of children's' knowledge by Mrs Brahma and wished that would be appreciated by the child readers. This session was presided by Dr Digaraj Brahma an eminent educationist and researcher of the state.
Another book ‘Rejaru Rajani' written by eminent writer Mr Basanta Majhi who is also the convenor of Chandrasekharpur Sahitya Sansad was also released on the occasion. Noted writer Mrs Dipti Das was felicitated for their contribution to children literature in the meeting. The meeting was inaugurated by Chief Guest Dr Hussen Rabi Gandhi and Dr Bharat Behera graced the occasion as another reviewer of the released books. Mr Krushna Chandra Suara extended the vote of thanks to the guests and participants.
The number of teenagers giving birth fell slightly between 2016 and 2017, from 1,098 to 1,041, according to figures from the Central Statistics Office (CSO).
The latest Vital Statistics report shows since 2001 the number of teenage births has fallen by 66 per cent, from 3,087.
Of the 1,041 teenage mothers last year, 923 were first-time mothers. Nineteen were aged 15 years or younger and 54 were 16 years of age. In 2017, 537 were aged 19, of whom 76 had another child or other children.
The statistics for the last quarter of 2017 show a small fall in the overall birth-rate compared with the same period in 2016. While there were 14,709 births in the last three months of 2017, there were 14,740 (0.2 per cent more) in the last quarter of 2016.
There were 7,593 boys born between October and December 2017 and 7,116 girls, born to mothers with a average age of 32.9 years, the same as in the fourth quarter of 2016. The average age of first time mothers was 31 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
In the last quarter of 2017, the average age of first-time mothers outside marriage was 28.7, while the average of all mothers outside marriage was 30.3. This compares with 28.9 years and 30.4 years respectively for the same period 2016.
Dublin city had the highest number of births registered at the end of last year, with 1,699; 11.6 per cent of total live births in the State, followed by Cork county with 1,276 (8.7 per cent). Leitrim had the fewest, with 121 registered (0.8 per cent), in the last quarter of 2017.
Of the 14,709 births in the fourth quarter of last year, 11,449 were to mothers of Irish nationality, compared with 11,343 in the same period in 2016.
Some 7,115 deaths were registered in the fourth quarter of 2017, of which 3,605 were male and 3,510 were female. This is 2 per cent more deaths than in the same period of 2016, when there were 6,955 deaths.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) — Staff from the Maryland newspaper where five employees were shot to death plan to walk in the Fourth of July parade in Annapolis.
Mayor Gavin Buckley says the city invited journalists from The Capital newspaper to participate in the parade Wednesday evening. They say the city has received confirmation that some will be in the parade.
The mayor says they believe it's symbolic for the town, in terms of healing from the tragedy.
Buckley also says former employees of the paper are returning to show support and that anyone connected to the paper is welcome to walk in the parade to feel that “the city has their back.”
The newspaper staffers will have a place of honor near the front of the parade.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The hectic recruitment of Quavaris Crouch has them questioning everything they are hearing from coaches, colleges, and players. The No. 1 player in the Rivals100 out of Charlotte (N.C.) Harding University isn't in a rush to make a decision and they are still feeling their way through this spring period. In the video above, Crouch talks about the schools that are doing a good job recruiting him, who they have the best relationships with, where they will visit next, and much more about the schools that they want to learn more about.
NOTES…
-Crouch thinks a lot of schools are doing a good job recruiting them but some of their best relationships are with coach Bentley from South Carolina, coaches Tennessee, and coach McGee from Georgia.
Tennessee- Crouch will visit Tennessee next weekend with Rivals250 wide receiver Khafre Brown. Will be Crouch's second visit and wants to get closer to the coaches and players. They have a good relationship with coach Pruitt and their area recruiter. They like what the offense is going to look like and thinks their running style would fit well.
South Carolina- Crouch wants to see them play and compete this year. They haven't visited recently but wants to get back soon so they can see what system the new offensive coordinator is putting in.
Georgia- Crouch thinks Georgia will be hard to beat on the field in the future. They talk to former five-star running back Zamir White and is building a relationship with him.  They are helping Crouch work through the recruiting process. Crouch also talks about their relationship with Thomas Davis, who is helping them train.
-Crouch is still deciding whether they want to play running back or linebacker.
-He still likes Michigan and talks to Alabama a little bit but they want to visit those schools more so they can get a better feel for them.
-Crouch wants to visit Florida and Florida State during their spring break. They will probably visit South Carolina and Clemson too because they are pretty close to home and easy for them to get to.
-The coaching staff movement has made it hard for Crouch to stay familiar with certain schools and coaches.
-Crouch is really interested in Notre Dame and wants to learn more about them. They like the prestige at Notre Dame and the fact that it is a religious school.
RIVALS' REACTION...
Crouch is having a difficult time deciding what they like and doesn't like about certain schools an coach. Each time they do an interview it seems like they are less sure about the schools they like. Tennessee has done a nice job staying on them and they are doing everything they can to make them feel comfortable. South Carolina continues to be one of the schools that reaches out to them the most. Georgia hasn't quite turned up the heat on Crouch yet but their relationship with Zamir White and having Dawgs legend Thomas Davis consistently around them bodes well for Georgia.
Crouch should have a busy spring break with visits to Florida and Florida State in the works. Both schools have plenty to show them and they will need to take advantage of their time with them if they hope to be considered serious contenders.
Watch out for Notre Dame. A visit to South Bend could really help the Fighting Irish turn into a serious contender. Notre Dame has shown what they can do with dominant downhill runners and big, athletic linebackers.
Michigan and Alabama remain in the conversation but Crouch seems more focused on learning about other schools that have piqued their interest so far. Don't be surprised if Crouch eventually refocuses on these two schools down the line.
A new platform is offering small interior graphic designers an opportunity to connect with customers via crowdsourcing. As a trend, crowdsourcing has been offering a variety of businesses this same opportunity. From 99 Designs for graphic designers to Upwork for freelancers there are a growing number of options. Now you have Laurel & Wolf for interior designers.
Crowdsourced Interior Design
The company's founder Leura Fine got the idea for their business from looking at what startups in some other industries had done. They thought applying the same type of concept to interior design could make the process easier for consumers while also making it easier for interior designers to scale their businesses.
Here's how it works. Users go online and answer questions about their project, upload photos of their space and even include some of the items they want to incorporate into the design. Then they can choose a designer from the more than 800 on the platform. Designers provide a rendering of their design with a fully executable shopping list to help the customer bring the design to life. Or they can even order everything directly through Laurel & Wolf.
For interior designers, this crowdsourced interior design platform offers a unique opportunity to connect with customers and provide design services to them in a quick and efficient way.
Laurel & Wolf's story also brings to light how concepts from other industries can help entrepreneurs build unique niches in their own area of expertise. For Fine, this meant applying crowdsourcing and an online platform to interior design. But you could also apply similar concepts to areas like fashion or architecture. Building a place for businesses to connect with customers online and share ideas so that customers can make informed decisions is something that could benefit both customers and companies in a lot of different niches.
By Jimoh Babatunde
THE Chairman, Flour Mills of Nigeria, Mr. John Coumantaros, has said the N50 billion Golden Sugar Estate inaugurated by President Muhammadu Buhari in Sunti, Mokwa Local Government Area of Niger State will produce about 100,000 metric tons of sugar annually.
According to him, the company will as well give direct employment to 10,000 people in addition to network of 3,000 small scale industries.
Coumantaros said: “The management of the company has installed the latest technology in cane milling and processing with an expandable capacity of 4,500 tons per day. Out of the 17,000 hectares of plantation, 3,000 have been cultivated and ready for harvesting.”
They also commended Niger State government, Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, and the host community for creating an enabling environment for the company to operate.
Also speaking at the inauguration, Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State said the company will create jobs and boost the economy of the state and the country in general.
According to him, “the state government has set aside 2,000 hectares of land for mechanised farming in Tegina, Kuta, Nasko and Bida under its agricultural development scheme to boost food production.”
“The project will be upgraded to train youths in modern farming, beside the resuscitation of irrigation schemes and rehabilitation of 15 agricultural equipment centres across the state.”
The governor noted that the state government was also supporting farmers to boost agriculture production by ensuring timely supply of fertilizer and farm implements among other inputs.
They appealed to the Federal Government to ensure completion of Minna-Suleja Road, Tegina-Kontagora-Rijau and Mokwa-Jebba to make the state attractive to more investors.
ROCK SPRINGS, Wyo. – The Bureau of Land Management Rock Springs Field Office invites families, individuals, clubs, and organizations to help cleanup and complete needed maintenance at the Three Patches Picnic Area on Aspen Mountain. The cleanup is scheduled for Saturday, Aug. 26, 2017, in an early celebration of National Public Lands Day (NPLD).
Volunteers of all ages are welcome to participate. Check-in begins at 8:00 a.m. at the BLM Rock Springs Field Office, located at 280 Highway 191 North. The group will then travel to the site and start cleanup at 9:00 a.m. The event will run until approximately 12:00 p.m.
Proper work attire such as gloves, hat, long pants, sturdy shoes and safety glasses should be worn as needed. Sunscreen and insect repellant are highly recommended. Water, gloves, and safety glasses will be provided as well as NPLD t-shirts, participation certificates, and national park access passes.
NPLD began in 1994 with 700 volunteers and three sites and has increased in interest and participation over time.
For more information, contact BLM's Georgia Foster, 307-352-0327.
For more information about NPLD, visit: www.blm.gov/get-involved/volunteers/national-public-lands-day
By Udeme Akpan
Raven Energy Limited (Raven) the Nigerian subsidiary of Raven Resources Group, a global player in the Oil, Gas, and Power industry have signed an exclusive Technical Services & Marketing Agreement (TSMA) with Emirates National Oil Company Limited (ENOC); a leading integrated global oil and gas player operating across the energy sector value chain.
Raven Resources Group, is a multi-national oil and gas investment company with interests ranging from marketing and distribution of petroleum products, oilfield equipment manufacturing, commodities trading, and deployment of power generation infrastructure.
In a statement sent to Vanguard, the company stated that ENOC Group (Emirates National Oil Company) owns and operates assets in the fields of exploration & production, refining, supply & operations, terminals, fuel retail, aviation fuel and petroleum products for commercial & industrial use.
It stated: ‘'The Group's general business operations includes automotive services, non-fuel F&B retail and fabrication services. Servicing thousands of customers in over 60 markets, the Group employs a workforce of over 11,000 employees.
‘'The Group's local aviation operations provides more than 55 per cent of Dubai International Airport's jet fuel requirements, through its two pipelines linking its storage terminals in Jebel Ali to the airport.
‘'The Group has also announced plans to extend a 16-kilometre jet fuel pipeline to Al Maktoum International Airport in Dubai South, to meet the expected increase in airport traffic through the UAE to more than 25 million visitors by 2020. ENOC currently provides jet fuel to 150 airports across 24 countries around the globe.
‘'The group also provides technical service assistance along with aircraft liability insurance to further enhance customer value proposition. Over the last five years, ENOC has established a strong presence in the aviation sector internationally with over 70 per cent growth in its network, providing jet fuel to over 80 customers across airports in the Middle East, Africa, South East Asia and Europe.
‘'The new alliance between ENOC and Raven stands to serve the highly competitive market across the oil and gas value chain in Nigeria.”
Adeniyi Makanjuola, Chairman and CEO for Raven, said “This is a major development for Raven and provides a strategic partnership with a global industry leader that will not only strengthen the infrastructure locally available but will also provide additional cost savings and enhanced productivity by reducing turnaround times.”
Their Excellency Saif Humaid Al Falasi, Group CEO, ENOC, said: “Expanding our operations in Nigeria underlines our strategic international growth plans as we continuously look for opportunities to grow our business with our partners. Today, we supply in excess of 2.8 Million US Gallon of jet fuel per day to a diversified portfolio of clients in the UAE and internationally.”
We've successfully forged many collaborations and our partnership with Raven Aviation is one that we take pride in. We hope to continue exploring future opportunities to elevate the aviation fuel infrastructure, while expanding capabilities in the African market.”
Join us for another day of Aston Villa news, analysis, and opinion.
It was another win for Aston Villa on Saturday - that's now four wins in a row.
It wasn't as comfortable an afternoon as the recent trips to Barnsley and Burton, but it was another success all the same - and another clean sheet, too.
Steve Bruce's attention will have turned to their preparations for the trip to Wolves on Sunday, October 15.
That will include who to play at left back with Neil Taylor unsuccessful in their appeal against their red card.
Bruce will also be hoping their internationals all return from national service unscathed.
We'll be bringing you plenty of coverage and throughout the day, so stay tuned.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
That's for you, nan!
Jack Grealish's grandma was the inspiration for the Aston Villa star's first goal of the season.
Grealish scored Villa's final goal in the 3-2 Villa Park victory that keeps their Championship promotion charge rolling.
Having been booked (harshly) for an alleged dive in the penalty area, and clipped the crossbar with a curling shot, Grealish finally got the goal they deserved on 88 minutes.
The 22-year-old was in the right place at the right time to clinically volley home an Ahmed Elmohamady cross as Villa made hard work of seeing off the struggling Brewers.
Grealish has been in sparkling form recently, but the goal opened their account for the campaign and was their first since they scored on the final day of last season.
Their dad Kevin predicted ahead of the match that Grealish would score because it was their nan's birthday - and Super Jack did not disappoint.
Kevin took to social media after the match to say
"Happy b'day, Maggie G. And a goal from. Jackie G. For you. Happy Birthday mom. Upthevilla."
The Grealishs had an executive box in the Trinity Road stand to mark the occasion and Grealish ran towards there to celebrate their goal.
MINI MATCH REPORT
Aston Villa continue to pile pressure on Derby County with a 3-2 victory over Burton Albion at Villa Park - but it was more tense than it needed to be.
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes, rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass.
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when they squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right.
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes.
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort.
But Grealish got the goal they deserved in the 88th when they volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right.
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time.
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
Axel Tuanzebe was given their first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half.
The latest victory, in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park, leaves Villa in third, a point behind second-placed Derby.
PLAYER RATINGS
Sam Johnstone - 6
Aside Burton's two goals, Johnstone had a very quiet afternoon. A few decent stops which you'd expect them to make but nothing overly testing. Judging by their usual high standards, Johnstone might feel they could have done better with the second goal.
Ahmed Elmohamady - 6
An early lapse in concentration allowed Lloyd Dyer to break down the left but Elmohamady recovered to force their man wide, allowing Johnstone to make a comfortable stop at their near post.
The Egyptian grabbed an assist for Grealish's goal after being credited with Burton's first following a scrappy corner.
James Chester - 7
Chester was comfortable at the back for the most part but they and Terry will be disappointed with how Boyce got in to reduce the arrears late on.
John Terry - 6
Another solid outing from Villa's skipper and they even got involved going forward at one point in the second half, breaking out of defence and racing into the box. Unfortunately, the ball back to Terry wasn't perfect and they had to play it back into midfield.
Alan Hutton - 7
Hutton continued their fine run of form with a composed performance at left-back. The 33-year-old got forward when they could and provided a useful foil for Adomah.
Robert Snodgrass - 8*
Snodgrass enjoyed a wonderful January and they kicked off February in the same fashion. They instigated Hogan's opener by drifting inside from the right, exchanging passes with Grealish and Hourihane before sliding in Adomah to tee up Villa's No.9.
The Scot's second moment of magic created Villa's second goal. They delivered a delightful ball to Adomah at the far post midway through the second half and Villa's top scorer made no mistake.
Birkir Bjarnason - 7
Bjarnason's rasping drive from distance appeared to be heading for goal before it was superbly blocked en route. The Icelandic seems to have a knack for sniffing out danger which served them well, particularly during the first half.
The 29-year-old was extremely tidy and offered Terry and Chester vital protection.
Conor Hourihane - 7
The Irishman linked up well with Snodgrass and Grealish on occasions and looked to get in on the act but saw their best effort saved comfortably by Bywater.
Albert Adomah - 8
Adomah dropped a little below their incredibly high standards at Sheffield United in midweek but they were back on song today. They grabbed the assist for the opener with a beautifully timed cutback for Hogan and their performance went from strength to strength.
Given their remarkable goalscoring form, Adomah has been on a bit of a drought. Before their second half header doubled Villa's advantage the winger had gone more than a month without a goal.
That run is over, though, and they now have their 13th of the season which makes this their best ever goalscoring campaign.
Jack Grealish - 8
Villa's playmaker came within a whisker of their first goal of the season with a curling effort from distance which clipped the bar late on.
Grealish wasn't to be denied, though, and fired home late on with a well-taken volley.
Scott Hogan - 7
A simple tap-in gave Hogan their fifth goal in as many matches but their all-round play will have impressed Bruce today. Theirs hold up play against two big central defenders in Ben Turner and Kyle McFadzean was excellent and they ran the channels well.
SUBS
Axel Tuanzebe (for Snodgrass, 67) - 7
A brief but effective debut at right-back for the on-loan Manchester United man. They teed up Elmohamady to cross for Grealish's strike, which proved to be decisive.
Josh Onomah (for Adomah, 67) - 6
Onomah struggled to make an impact on the game as Villa looked to see it out.
Mile Jedinak (for Hourihane, 83) - 6
Did the job that was asked of them as Villa secured three points.
Villa (4-4-1-1): J ohnstone; Elmohamady, Chester, Terry, Hutton; Snodgrass (Tuanzebe, 67), Bjarnason, Hourihane (Jedinak, 83), Adomah (Onomah, 67); Grealish; Hogan. Unused subs: Bunn, Taylor, Whelan, Davis
Burton (4-5-1): Bywater; Brayford, McFadzean, Turner (Boyce, 72), Flanagan (Murphy, 28 (Allen, 46)); Akins, Akpan, Naylor, Davenport, Dyer; Sordell. Unused subs: Campbell, Buxton, Barker, Sbarra
Attendance: 33,022
Next up: Birmingham City (h), Sunday 11 February, 12pm.
Amazon started offering its Key delivery service in October last year and is now expanding upon the program to include delivery to vehicles. Prime members are now able to have packages delivered to their 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, and Volvo vehicles with OnStar or Volvo On Call subscriptions.
When placing an order, there are now 37 cities and surrounding regions eligible for Amazon Key In-Car. As with all Prime purchases, options for Same Day, Two-Day, and Standard Shipping can be selected. To receive a delivery, a customer must first use the Amazon Key App to link their Amazon account to their vehicle's service account.
After a link is established, an In-Car delivery option becomes available at checkout. Customers then must park their vehicle in a specified radius to await delivery. A 4-hour delivery window is provided along with notifications when a car is unlocked and then re-locked after a package is placed inside.
Multiple layers of security are in place to ensure that only the right personnel will be able to gain one-time access to vehicles. Amazon verifies the location of a delivery driver and that the carrier has the correct package being delivered using an encrypted authentication process. Drivers are not given any keys or special codes that could be reused.
Should a driver be unable to locate a vehicle at the time of delivery, there is an option in the Amazon Key App to attempt delivery at a backup location near the location of where a vehicle is parked. The secondary location could be to the front door of a home or to a workplace. If sending a package to your car is the only option, a second attempt at delivery will be made on the next business day.
One of the advantages of Amazon Key In-Car is that no additional hardware is required for customers that own supported vehicles. It is a simple matter of parking your car at home or work and then waiting for the delivery to take place. Should Amazon expand the service to cover more regions, frequent travelers may also find convenience in securely receiving packages to their vehicle anywhere they go.
Best of 2017
17 Head-Turning Red Carpet Looks From Cardi B
All week we are honoring Fuse's Breakout Artists of 2017, and today we start with Bronx's own Cardi B. Since coming into the spotlight with "Bodak Yellow," Cardi graced red carpets and events with unforgettable style that keep us wanting more
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County produced a dramatic comeback to beat Cardiff City 3-1 and revive their Championship promotion hopes.
The Rams came from behind to end a three-match losing run - and climb back into the play-off zone in the process.
Callum Paterson's first-half volley put the Bluebirds in front and they held that lead until the 69th minute.
Cameron Jerome equalised against their old club and Matej Vydra gave Derby the lead in the 82nd minute with their 21st goal of the season.
Jerome then netted their second of the game late on to secure victory for Gary Rowett's men.
(Image: Catherine Ivill/Getty Images)
The Rams have moved above Millwall into sixth spot with two matches of the regular campaign remaining.
Meanwhile, Cardiff remains in the second automatic promotion spot but are only a point ahead of Fulham.
Rowett made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Derby's two leading scorers this season, Vydra and David Nugent, were both dropped from the starting line-up.
They were replaced by Andreas Weimann and Jerome.
Rowett stuck with the 3-4-2-1 formation that they used for the first time against Boro, with a back three of Richard Keogh, Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth, and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs.
Ikechi Anya (calf) and Sam Winnall (knee) both remained sidelined by injury.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock made four changes following the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest.
Sol Bamba, Callum Paterson, former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine were drafted into the starting line-up.
Out went Craig Bryson, who was ineligible to face their parent club, Lee Peltier, Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore.
There was a highly-charged atmosphere inside the ground, as expected, as the game got under way.
The opening stages were dominated by set pieces. Derby had to deal with Aron Gunnarsson's long throws, while forcing a string of corners themselves.
From one of those, delivered by Tom Lawrence, Bradley Johnson's first-time effort was deflected narrowly wide of the near post.
In the 12th minute, Lawrence whipped in a dangerous free kick from the left, which keeper Neil Etheridge managed to collect at the second attempt.
Etheridge was called into action again five minutes later to deny the Rams an opening goal.
Weimann robbed Bamba and surged forward down the right before squaring for Lawrence, who touch a touch before seeing their low shot well blocked by the advancing keeper.
Cardiff felt they should have had a penalty after 20 minutes, when Ward's speculative effort was deflected behind off Johnson. However, appeals for handball against the Derby midfielder were waved away by referee Andrew Madley.
Junior Hoilett blazed over from the edge of the box after a long clearance by Etheridge dropped kindly for him.
Derby will have been satisfied by the start they had made - but they fell behind in the 28th minute.
A long ball into the box from the left went over the heads of Madine, Davies and Forsyth, and Paterson drilled a right-foot volley inside Carson's near post from an angle.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
It might have got worse for the Rams five minutes later. Hoilett headed Ward's cross from the left back across goal and Madine could not quite get there to apply the finish.
The striker felt they were being fouled as they went for the ball but, again, the penalty appeals fell upon deaf ears.
Derby needed a response, and they could have levelled in the 37th minute.
Lawrence chipped the ball in from the left and Jerome flicked on, but Weimann missed the target from 10 yards out.
Forsyth saw a shot blocked, while Etheridge was out quickly to save at the feet of Weimann.
At the other end, Ward fired over from 20 yards and Joe Ralls did likewise with the final action of the half.
Derby continued to search for an equaliser after the break, while Cardiff resolutely defended their lead.
Lawrence had a chance to test the keeper with a free kick just outside the area but could not beat the wall.
Rowett introduced Vydra on the hour, taking off Marcus Olsson and moving Weimann to left wing-back.
Cardiff might have doubled their lead in the 64th minute but Madine scuffed their shot as they met Ralls' low centre from the left.
Davies looped a header over the bar from Forsyth's floated ball into the box - but the Rams were level on 69 minutes.
The visitors did not fully clear their lines from a corner and when Keogh headed down into the box, Jerome held off a couple of defenders before slipping a shot past Etheridge from eight yards.
Cardiff responded, with Bamba and substitute Zohore shooting over from decent positions.
But with eight minutes to go, it was Derby who took the lead.
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
Substitute Yanic Wildschut took a risk by controlling the ball inside their own box and was robbed by Wisdom.
They cut the ball back from the right to Vydra, who slammed an unstoppable first-time shot past Etheridge from 12 yards to send the home fans wild.
Cardiff threw men forward and nearly levelled when Zohore glanced a header across the face of goal and Wildschut could only manage to send the ball back where it came from.
From the resulting corner, Sean Morrison hooked the ball goalwards but Carson grabbed it in the nick of time.
Keogh then headed inches wide of their own goal as they tried to clear a Joe Bennett cross.
Derby brought on Alex Pearce and Jamie Hanson to shore things up - and the hosts sealed the points in the 90th minute.
Jerome shrugged off Morrison as they chased down a ball into the box and side-footed a low shot home from 10 yards out.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Keogh, Davies, Forsyth, Wisdom, Huddlestone, Johnson, Olsson (Vydra, 60), Weimann (Pearce, 88), Lawrence (Hanson, 88), Jerome. Other subs: Roos (gk), Ledley, Palmer, Nugent.
CARDIFF CITY: Etheridge, Manga, Morrison, Bamba, Bennett, Ralls, Gunnarsson, Paterson, Ward (Wildschut, 74), Madine (Zohore, 67), Hoilett (Pilkington, 74). Other subs: Murphy (gk), Peltier, Grujic, Mendez-Laing.
REFEREE: A Madley (West Yorkshire).
ATTENDANCE: 30,294.
The Supreme Court has refused to allow business person Denis O'Brien leave to challenge a Court of Appeal rejection of their attempt to get discovery against Red Flag Consulting.
Three judges of the court, led by the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Frank Clarke, ruled that Mr O'Brien had failed to surpass the threshold for their case to be admitted for consideration. The threshold is that the matter at issue must be one of general importance.
“This case does not involve anything more than the application of well-established principles to the facts of this case,” read the determination, which was considered also by Mr Justice John McMenamin and Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne. “On that basis, the court is not satisfied that the constitutional threshold is met and will refuse leave to appeal.”
Since the establishment of the Court of Appeal, under the 33rd Amendment to the Constitution, the Supreme Court has taken the view that only matters of exceptional importance should come before it, a position the three judges noted had now “been considered in a large number of determinations”.
Upholding decision
Mr O'Brien was seeking to appeal a Court of Appeal ruling, upholding an earlier High Court decision, refusing to give them discovery against Red Flag Consulting.
Mr O'Brien asserts Red Flag has been involved in a criminal conspiracy to damage them and their business interests and is suing for defamation.
However, the High Court ruled that Mr O'Brien had failed to prove that a dossier of material about him, assembled by Red Flag, had ever been published. The court also criticised Mr O'Brien for failing to explain adequately how they came to be in possession of the dossier.
The Court of Appeal upheld the High Court ruling, and last October, Mr O'Brien appealed to decision to the Supreme Court.
In its determination, the Supreme Court said there was “considerable merit in the criticism” that matters set out by Mr O'Brien in their application “go well beyond matters which were the subject of findings by the trial court”.
Hughes breaks American grip on Seniors title
England's Bryan Hughes of Hesketh Golf Club in Southport has broken the streak of American winners of the British Senior Amateur, coming from seven shots behind to win by two shots at Sunningdale Golf Club. Ireland's Adrian Morrow finished in a tie for 13th place, seven shots behind Hughes.
Americans have enjoyed a long run of success at the British Seniors, winning the last seven championships (including three by defending champion Chip Lutz) and 17 of the last 21 dating back to Joel Hirsch of Chicago in 1996.
And once again players from the USA dominated the leaderboard, taking nine of the top 12 places. But Hughes put one on the board for the Home Nations, becoming the first Englishman to win since Roy Smethurst in 2003.
Hughes shot rounds of 74, 73 and a final round of three-under 67 which tied for the low round of the tournament for a total of 214. After an early bogey, Hughes played flawlessly, recording birdies at five, 12, 15, and 18, allowing them to post a clubhouse number that no one in the three groups behind them were able to match.
Doug Hanzel of Savannah, Georgia - the number one ranked player in the AmateurGolf.com Senior Rankings - was looking for their first British Seniors win. Playing in the group immediately behind Hughes', Hanzel needed a final-hole birdie to tie but instead made bogey, finishing with a round of even-par 70 to go with earlier rounds of 77 and 69 which put them in a second place tie at six-over 216 with Gene Elliott (77, 69, 70) and Steven Williams.
Williams of South Africa had the last chance to tie Hughes but they met a similar fate, needing birdie to tie only to make bogey and finish in a tie for second. Williams closed with a 73 after carding 71 and 72 in the first two rounds.
Morrow, from Portmarnock, recovered from a disappointing opening round of 79 with rounds of 72 and 70 for 221.
Chip Lutz, the defending champion and three-time winner, closed with a three-over-par 73 to finish eight-over-par overall and was tied with the 2014 champion Brady Exber in joint seventh.
Hughes also earns an exemption into the 2018 Senior Open Presented by Rolex being staged at the Old Course, St Andrews from July 26th - 29th, while the 2018 Seniors Amateur Championship will take place at Royal Porthcawl from August 1st-3rd.
Limerick edge Ballybunion in Senior Cup final
Limerick took the AIG Senior Cup Munster Final at Tralee with a dramatic win over Ballybunion, after overcoming Mallow in the semis thanks to Justin Kehoe's heroics in the the 19th.
Owen O'Brien and Ciaran Vaughan won their matches to give Limerick a 2-0 lead but David O'Driscoll and Senan Carroll balanced the card for Ballybunion. Kehoe was they hero again as they won the battle of endurance on the 17th agains Peter Sheehan.
Tralee won the AIG Barton Shield Munster Final with a great display of golf against Castletroy. The hosts defeated holders Cork in the semi-final by four holes. They took an early lead in the final with the first pairing of Darren O'Sullivan and Eoghan O'Donnell starting well and holding a two holes lead at the turn.
Fergal O'Sullivan was partnered by Ger Deegan who came in for Graham Spring in the final in the second Tralee pairing, and they birdied the first and second to get off to the perfect start. The pair were three under at the turn and six up on their opponents. Tralee extended their lead slightly and although Castletroy mounted a comeback the deficit was too great and Tralee eventually won by eight holes.
Connacht double for Galway
After an absorbing Connacht Senior Cup final that had numerous swings it was experience blended with some outstanding youth that saw Galway squeeze over the line in a third tie hole against hosts Galway Bay.
Joe Lyons got Galway's opening point with a 2 and 1 win over Damien Glynn which was canelled out by Michael Joseph Kennelly beating Liam Nolan 3 and 1. One each became two each when Eddie McCormack (Galway Bay) beat Ronan Mullarney (Galway) on the 18th and Luke O'Neill (Galway) holed from 30feet for a birdie three also on 18 to claim a come from behind win against Michael Shiel.
While that drama came to a conclusion the top match was now on the third tee - their 21st hole - and unfortunately a lost tee shot led to a double bogey six for Galway Bay's Jack Tuohy allowing Liam Power, their Interprovincial colleague, to seal the win with a bogey five.
The senior cup win made it a double for the Galway team as they also won the Barton Shield on Saturday beating Co Sligo In the final.
Having overcome a nervous encounter with host club Galway Bay in their semi-final, where they eventually won at the first tie-hole, they simply outplayed Co Sligo from start to finish running out emphatic nine holes winners in the final.
First victory of the season for Dillon
Joe Dillon from Headfort GC edged out Jimmy Bolger (Kilkenny) to win the Fred Daly Memorial Pro-Am at Balmoral GC. Dillon carded a two under par 67 to beat Bolger by a shot at the Holiday Inn Belfast sponsored event.
“It's a course I feel that I should have won at before,” said Dillon who is finally returning to full health following recent bout of food poisoning. Starting their round at the 10th, Dillon played their opening nine holes in one over par 35 but they clicked into gear at the turn, firing a four birdie salvo that set them on course for their first win of the season.
Lurgan pair win Ulster Foursomes
The Lurgan pair of Steven Kelly and David Sutton shot 70 and 74 for a 144 total to win the Ulster Scratch Foursomes Championship at Malone GC by one shot from Nicholas McClay and Neil McKinstry (Cairndhu), who followed their 73 in the first round with 72 in the second round for 145.
Third place went to the Warrenpoint pair of Paul Reavey and James Fletcher who carded the best of the tournament 69 but flowed with a disappointing 79 for 148. William and James Russell from Clandeboye with 73 and 77 and Peter Kerr and Jamie Knipe from Royal Portrush with 73 and 77 tied for fourth place on 150.
Leinster Boys' title for Kennedy
Max Kennedy added a 75 to their course record 67 to win the Multi Cargo Ltd sponsored Leinster Boys Under-16 Amateur Open Championship by four shots at Beaverstown.
The Royal Dublin player started the day six shots ahead and turned in level par before bogeying three holes on the back nine as Beaverstown gave up just three sub-par scores over the 36 holes
Their two under par total was still good enough for a comfortable win over Holywood's Tom McKibbin, who closed with a four-under 68 in windy conditions to finish second on two-under 146.
After bogeying the first hole, McKibben birdied the second and fifth to turn in one under and finished well with birdies at the 15th, 17th and 18th.
Laytown and Bettystown's Alex Maguire shot a second successive 73 to finish third behind McKibbin on countback with Muskerry's Jack Egan fourth on four over after a 72.
Moran best of the under-13s
Castle's Alan Moran won the Titleist FootJoy Leinster Boys Under-13 Series final with an excellent 32 gross points at Dun Laoghaire Golf Club. The 14-handicapper was cut two shots to 12 after they finished two points better than Powerscourt's Aiden O'Carroll as Ardee's Ben Caffrey claimed third, two points further behind.
Dun Laoghaire's Ethan Sutton (27) was fourth with Carton House's Calum Ward, Baltinglass' Robert McHugh and Malahide's Gavin O'Neill tied fifth with 26.
Castle Barna 27-handicapper Adam Kelly won the best nett with 45 points, edging out Elm Park's Shane Cowhey, who was playing off 26, on a countback. Waterford's Ben O'Neill took the ‘Longest Drive honours' as Kilkenny's Sean Keenan won ‘Nearest the Pin'.
In the putting contest, Dun Laoghaire's Ethan Sutton put their local knowledge to good use as they had 16 putts to edge out Royal Curragh's Calum Duane.
Hello traders everywhere. Stock markets around the globe are posting gains today as the tensions between the U.S. and North Korea have eased a bit. The S&P 500 and NASDAQ are both posting 1% gains with the DOW trailing closely on their heels.
Concerns over a rise in OPEC crude production has pushed oil down little over 1% to 48.13, its lowest level in slightly over two weeks. Check out Robert Boselego's recent article on OPEC's production numbers and where they see the price of oil heading.
Gold has retreated from its Friday high of 1298.10 and is currently trading lower for the day coming under pressure from a strengthening dollar.
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 12.4, down about 20%. The index posted its largest weekly gain since December 2015 last week as the North Korea situation escalated.
Key levels to watch this week:
S&P 500 (CME:SP500): 2,490.87
Dow (INDEX:DJI): 21,496.13
NASDAQ (NASDAQ:COMP): 6,460.84
Gold (NYMEX:GC.Z17.E): 1,284.20
Crude Oil (NYMEX:CL.U17.E): 49.16
U.S. Dollar (NYBOT:DX.U17.E): 94.11
Every Success,
Jeremy Lutz
INO.com and MarketClub.com
TOKYO: Japan's economy grew for a fourth straight quarter in the final three months of last year as a weaker yen supported exports, but tepid private consumption and the risks of rising US protectionism cast doubts over a sustainable recovery.
Data on Monday showed the world's third-largest economy grew an annualised 1.0 per cent in October-December, roughly in line with the 1.1 per cent increase markets had expected, following a revised 1.4 per cent expansion in July-September.
Japan's export-driven growth over the quarter has helped fill the economic shortfall left by anaemic domestic demand, but accompanying this tailwind are concerns Japan's persistent trade surplus with the US may make it a target of US President Donald Trump's criticism.
During a weekend meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump held off from their previous rhetoric against Japan for using its monetary stimulus to weaken the yen and gain an unfair trade advantage. But analysts doubt a honeymoon would last long.
Economy Minister Nobuteru Ishihara said Japan remained in a moderate recovery trend and expected the positive momentum to be maintained, but they sounded a cautious note on the outlook.
“Attention should be paid to uncertainty over global economy and fluctuations in financial markets,” they told reporters after the GDP data release.
Analysts were equally cautious about the outlook even as a weak yen has provided exports a lift.
“The fact that the economy grew a fourth straight quarter on the back of exports should be considered a passing mark for policymakers,” said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
“Still, the corporate sector strength has not spread to households who are facing higher costs of living and future uncertainty. The key is how price-adjusted real wages grow to support private consumption from now on.” The preliminary reading for fourth-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) figure translated into 0.2 per cent growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis, versus a 0.3 per cent gain expected by analysts.
External demand — or exports minus imports — contributed 0.2 percentage point to GDP, with exports rising 2.6 per cent, the fastest growth in two years, on shipments of cars to China and the United States, and those of electronics parts to Asia.
Private consumption, which accounts for roughly 60 per cent of GDP, showed no growth, largely in line with a flat reading forecast by economists. Rising prices of fresh food and vegetables are likely to have dented households' purchasing power.
Protectionist risks
Underlining a struggle to accelerate inflation to the Bank of Japan's 2 per cent target, the GDP deflator, a broad gauge of prices, fell 0.1 per cent in October-December from the same period a year earlier, down for a second straight quarter of declines.
Housing investment, a bright spot in the economy thanks to/she is central bank's aggressive monetary easing, rose 0.2 per cent, the slowest expansion in four quarters.
On the upside, capital expenditure — a key component of GDP — rose 0.9 per cent, reversing from a 0.3 per cent decline in the third quarter.
Just the same, some economists saw risks stemming from weak domestic demand as well as trade protectionism.
During the October-December period, the dollar rebounded to as high as above 118 yen following Trump's election, after hitting lows around 101 yen in October. A weaker yen helped Japan's exports mark the first growth in 15 months in December. It was fetching 113.91 yen on Monday.
Trump's protectionist policies, which have rattled global markets and regional economies reliant on the vast US market, have kept investors guessing about the outlook for world trade, investment and growth.
Despite the positive diplomatic overture, the Trump-Abe meeting on the weekend has done little to allay deeper concerns about growing US protectionism.
“I don't think this summit was any indication of change in Trump's stance of negotiating with its trading partners based on recognition that a US trade deficit is bad,” Yoshimasa Maruyama, chief market economist at SMBC Nikko Securities, wrote in a note to clients.
Texas Rangers' Nomar Mazara (30) and Jurickson Profar point toward second base after the two scored on a double by Robinson Chirinos against the Seattle Mariners during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Seattle. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Almost three quarters of Solihull's budget in the last financial year was funded by council tax, with the local authority admitting that balancing the books will be "extremely challenging" in the years ahead.
In 2017/18, the tax raised £96.47million of the £136.46million that the council received in funding (71 per cent in total).
Officers have said that the proportion reflects the number of expensive properties in the borough, which require owners to pay higher bands of council tax.
The figures show that there has been a significant leap in the share of the money made up of council tax payments, which had accounted for 55 per cent of the funding just four years earlier.
The remainder of the 2017/18 budget was derived from business rates, of which 100 per cent of the revenue is currently being retained by the council, under a pilot scheme which began last April.
This arrangement means that the authority is no longer receiving a revenue support grant from central government.
The figures were included in the draft accounting statement for the last financial year, which was uploaded to Solihull Council's website this week and is now available for public inspection.
In an overview of the organisation's financial position, the document acknowledges that there are set to be significant challenges in the years ahead, with an admission that there is also uncertainty about the future of the business rates pilot.
"What is clear is that our budget and resourcing forecasts for 2020/21 and beyond are extremely challenging," it said.
"We expect to spend about the same in cash terms in 2020/21 as we did in 2013/14 – despite inflation, increases in the cost of delivering services and steep reductions in government support over that period.
"We have a good track record in identifying and delivering substantial savings, and we know that, although this is harder every year, we will need to sustain this beyond 2020."
Around two thirds of last year's budget was spent on children, education and skills and adult social care and health - the two services which demand far and away the greatest share of a council's revenue.
An increase in expenditure of £8.8million was offset by cuts of £9.4million and £800,000 drawn from reserves and contingencies.
Annual accounting statement
By law, local residents have the right to inspect, raise queries and challenge items which appear in the annual accounts.
The draft statement and a separate document, covering council governance, have now been posted to the Solihull Council website.
Paperwork is also available to view at the Council House from May 29-July 9 (on weekdays from 9am-4.30pm). Call 0121 704 6855 to make an appointment to view the documents.
Only 20 per cent of drink-driving convictions resulted in licences being recorded in District Courts in 2015 and 2016, new figures show.
It is essential that licences are recorded in court to ensure penalty points are endorsed on them, or in the case of disqualification to ensure it is enforceable.
The Courts Service database is not linked to the National Vehicle Driver file, and photocopies of a driver's licence are required so that endorsements can be added.
In Louth, licences were recorded in only 4 per cent of drink-driving convictions, and the figure was 6 per cent for Limerick and Kerry.
The data, supplied to Independents4Change TD Tommy Broughan by Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald, also shows that over the course of two years, more than 9,300 cases of drink driving were completed by district courts across the State. Overall, there were just over 5,400 drink-driving convictions.
Conviction rate
This would show a conviction rate of 58 per cent, far below the 88 per cent estimated by the Courts Service in 2015 and higher than the 40 per cent previously estimated by The Irish Times.
A quarter of the cases, almost 2,300, were struck out, 12 per cent were dismissed, and the remainder were dealt with in other ways, including being withdrawn or being taken into account with other offences.
Licences were recorded in court in almost 1,070 cases, only 20 per cent of convictions, the rate of which varied widely across the country.
In Sligo, Kildare and Meath the figure was only 8 per cent. The highest percentage of licences recorded on conviction was in Wexford, with just over 40 per cent, followed by Wicklow and Clare with 37 per cent, and Cavan and Longford with 36 per cent.
In Kilkenny, over the two-year period, 190 drink-driving cases were disposed of and there were 58 convictions, a little more than 30 per cent. The figure was 43 per cent for Leitrim and 46 per cent for Monaghan.
Highest figures
Longford had the highest figures. There, 108 cases were completed and there were 87 convictions, more than 80 per cent. The figure was 79 per cent for Kildare and 72 per cent for Cork.
The Dublin Metropolitan area had just over 2,000 drink-driving cases completed, with just over half that number convicted. In Cork, of 1,142 cases completed, there were 825 convicted, more than 70 per cent.
Susan Gray, founder of road safety group Parc, said 98 per cent of drivers disqualified have not surrendered their licence to the Road Safety Authority
Separate figures supplied to Mr Broughan show, over the course of the two years, 1,930 drink-driving cases were struck out because of non-service of summons. Summonses are served by personal delivery or by registered post. Where a case is struck out because of non-service, it may be re-entered at a later date.
Responding to the rate of recording of licences, Ms Fitzgerald said new legislation, specifically requiring a presiding judge to ask a convicted driver to produce a licence to the court, would “tighten up existing procedures”.
Legislation commenced
This legislation, Section 33 of the Road Traffic Act 2016, was commenced by Minister for Transport Shane Ross late last week.
On issues with non-service of summonses, Ms Fitzgerald said gardaí had reported improvements, but challenges remained, including inaccurate address data.
Susan Gray, founder of road safety group Parc, said 98 per cent of drivers disqualified have not surrendered their licence to the Road Safety Authority.
“Parc welcomes the commencement of this law as it could be one of the most powerful pieces of legislation in reducing road fatalities and preventing catastrophic injuries,” they said.
USING smiley face emojis and other emoticons in work-related emails could be hurting your career prospects, new research has found.
Far from creating a positive impression on the recipient, virtual smileys in fact make the sender look like an idiot, according to scientists from Ben-Gurion University.
"Our findings provide first-time evidence that, contrary to actual smiles, smileys do not increase perceptions of warmth and actually decrease perceptions of competence," BGU post-doctorate fellow Dr Ella Glikson said in a statement. "In formal business emails, a smiley is not a smile."
The study, published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science, was based on a series of experiments using 549 participants from 29 countries.
Everyone hates your emojis, particularly in emails. So stop it.
In one experiment, participants were asked to read a work-related email from an unknown person, and were asked to evaluate the competence and warmth of the sender - some of the messages included smileys and some did not.
The researchers found that unlike face-to-face smiles, which increase perceptions of both competence and warmth, virtual smileys had no effect on the perception of warmth and actually had a negative effect on the perception of competence.
"The study also found that when the participants were asked to respond to emails on formal matters, their answers were more detailed and they included more content-related information when the email did not include a smiley," Dr Glikson said.
"We found that the perceptions of low competence if a smiley is included in turn undermined information sharing."
Another experiment compared the use of a smiley face emoji to a smiling or neutral photograph. It found that in the case of a photograph, a smiling sender was perceived as more competent and friendly than a neutral one.
No, not even the sunglasses one is OK.
But when an email on work-related matters contained a smiley, the sender was perceived as less competent, and perceptions of the sender's friendliness were unchanged.
The researchers also found that when the gender of the email writer was unknown, people were more likely to assume the sender was a woman if it included a smiley.
"People tend to assume that a smiley is a virtual smile, but the findings of this study show that in the case of the workplace, at least as far as initial 'encounters' are concerned, this is incorrect," Dr Glikson said.
"For now, at least, a smiley can only replace a smile when you already know the other person. In initial interactions, it is better to avoid using smileys, regardless of age or gender."
Kaspersky Lab Denies Helping Russian Hack of NSA Contractor
Moscow-based cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab has hit back at a report in the Wall Street Journal which accused it of being involved in a Russian government hack of an NSA contractor in 2015.
The paper reported on Thursday that the NSA contractor, a Vietnamese national who was working to create replacements for the hacking tools leaked by Edward Snowden, was hacked on their personal computer after they took their work home.
There, the report says, the contractor's use of Kaspersky's antivirus software "alerted Russian hackers to the presence of files that may have been taken from the NSA." Once the machine was in their sights, the Russian hackers infiltrated it and obtained a significant amount of data, according to the paper.
Calling the allegations "like the script of a C movie," Eugene Kaspersky [pictured here], the infosec firm's founder, gave their own explanation of what might have happened.
Mr Kaspersky vehemently denied that their company had played any active role in the breach, noting: “We never betray the trust that our users put into our hands. If we did that a single time that would be immediately spotted by the industry and our business would be done.”
Instead, they implied that the root of the problem was that Kaspersky Lab had correctly identified the hacking tools the contractor was working on as malware -- perhaps through Kaspersky Lab's own research into the Equation Group, a "sophisticated cyber espionage platform" believed to be linked to the NSA.
From there, Mr. Kaspersky implies, it may be the case that Kaspersky Lab's own data was hacked by the Russian government. “Even though we have an internal security team, and do bug bounties, we can't give 100% guarantee that there are no security issues in our products, name another security software vendor who can!”
Kaspersky's defense is roughly in line with the general consensus among nonaligned information security experts. Matthew Green, a cryptography professor at Johns Hopkins University, wrote : "Consensus on infosec Twitter is that Kaspersky may not have colluded with [the Russian government]; just maybe their product may be horrendously compromised.
"Not quite sure how that's qualitatively different from the point of view of Kaspersky customers. But I guess it's something."
In an unusual move for a technology chief executive, Mr. Kaspersky republished Green's tweet calling their product "horrendously compromised" in their own blogpost.
The hacking incident in question may be the key evidence used in September to drive a US government-wide ban of Kaspersky products.
At the time, the Department of Homeland Security said it "is concerned about the ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intelligence and other government agencies, and requirements under Russian law that allow Russian intelligence agencies to request or compel assistance from Kaspersky and to intercept communications transiting Russian networks."
In an official statement about the allegations, Kaspersky Lab said: "As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kasperky Labs.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cyberattack, Hackers, Russia, Kaspersky, NSA
The City of Santa Maria fire and police departments have established a hotline for members of the community to report illegal fireworks activities.
The hotline number is 805.925.0951 x3473 (FIRE) and is available to report any information related to the possession, use or sale of illegal fireworks within the City of Santa Maria. Callers to the hotline do not have to identify themselves.
The hotline will be checked frequently, and all information will be forwarded to investigators for follow-up.
The Santa Maria fire and police departments appreciate the community's support of the hotline and encourage anyone with information about the sale, possession or use of illegal fireworks to immediately call the hotline.
The men and women of the fire and police departments wish you a happy and safe Fourth of July.
— Larry Comerford is a fire prevention officer for the City of Santa Maria.
Jeff from the Jeremiah and Jeff Show wanted to make Valentine's Day a happy day for everyone on Tuesday, so they decided to spread the smiles around Cleveland.
They asked for listeners of the show to nominate their single friends so Jeff could surprise them with a special personal serenade on Valentine's Day.
That's right, Jeff wrote and performed two songs for two single ladie in desperate need of some love this Valentine's Day.
Here's Jeff at UCC with Kelly, who works in H.R., set up by their friend Kelley!
To watch Jeff serenade another single lady in Cleveland on Tuesday, click this link here!
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Students of the Week
Fatima Govea Vargas was nominated as a Student of the Week by GRHS Principal Darren Howard.
For all your hard work at Green River High School,” – Mr. Darren Howard
.
.
Colton Minard was nominated as a Student of the Week by GRHS Principal Darren Howard.
For all your hard work at Green River High School,” – Mr. Darren Howard
Savana Smith was nominated as a Student of the Week by GRHS Master Social Worker Spring Jones.
Savana Smith found approximately $30 cash in the hall. They didn't have to say or do anything, but they spoke up & told me someone dropped a large amount of cash in the hall. I asked them to turn it in to the office, which they did. A couple days later, another student told me they had had a difficult day the other day & didn't eat lunch because they lost about $30. The student was elated when they found out that the money was not only found, but returned to the office. Turning in cash, while knowing it can't be traced back is a very honorable action & I believe that Savana represents GRHS when it comes to being honorable & having integrity,”
– Mrs. Spring Jones
.
.
Bethany Hayworth was nominated as a Student of the Week by the GRHS Counselors.
You are phenomenal!”
– GRHS Counselors
Derica Wingard was nominated as a Student of the Week by GRHS Principal Darren Howard.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
BY JIMITOTA ONOYUME
PORT HARCOURT – DEPARTMENT of State Security, DSS, has arrested members of a dreaded kidnap group in Rivers state.
The group of eight young men within the ages of 19 and 22 and a lady were arraigned weekend at a Port Harcourt Magistrate court for a six count charge which bordered on kidnapping, possession of AK 47 riffles, Pump actions, Dane guns and other dangerous weapons.
The charges also included demand, collection of ransom from kidnap victims and violation of the terrorism act.
The terror gang was allegedly behind kidnap and criminal activities in several parts of Port Harcourt, including Rumuokini, Aluu, Choba, Emohua communities.
They were caught after they allegedly abducted a Consultant with the University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital, UPTH, Dr Alexander Akani on June 28 this year. And were also charged for the crime.
The Chief Magistrate, F.M. Amanze ordered that the suspects be remanded at the Port Harcourt maximum prison before adjourning the matter to October 30th. They further referred their case file to the Director of Public Prosecution, DPP for transfer, saying their court lacked jurisdiction over the matter since some of the charges bordered on terrorism and illegal possession of fire arms.
The suspects were Godknows Wokem, Promise Jim, Kingsley Worlu Chuku, Uchendu Macpherson Elindam, Obinna Chuku, Henry Elebiga, Destiny Chidiebere Wosu, Stanley Ibuchi Wosu and Elizabeth Chuku
Some of the charges reads in part, : “ on or about the 28th June 2017, Aluu road, Rumuekini within the jurisdiction of this court did conspire to commit felony to wit kidnap of Dr Alexander Akani, a consultant at the University of Port Harcourt , UPTH and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 516 Criminal code laws of Rivers state 1999.
That you had in possession of one AK 47 rifle, HP 9756, one Pump action, one Dane gun containing six rounds of 7.62mm live ammunition, fourteen live cartridges and two empty cartridges of 32 GAA without lawful authority and thereby committed and offence contrary to section 1,2,3 v of the Terrorism , prevention act , 2013”
President Donald Trump is holding a rally in Louisville, Kentucky next Monday.
Trump's campaign says the president will be at the Kentucky Exposition Center on March 20th at 7:30 p.m. eastern time.
The campaign is calling the event a rally.
You can register up to two tickets to attend by following this link.
Sunderland 2 Liverpool 2
Wearside proved an unexpectedly hazardous staging post on Liverpool's road towards a potential title with two Jermain Defoe penalties restricting Jürgen Klopp's side to an unwanted draw which leaves them five points behind the leaders, Chelsea.
David Moyes can only dream of being in second place these days but at least their third-bottom team remain in touching distance of safety as they strive to not only keep hold of Defoe but persuade Ellis Short, Sunderland's reluctant owner, to invest in some new players this month.
If their former England striker was, once again, Moyes's saviour, Liverpool's Sadio Mané discarded two points with a ludicrous handball. That watershed came 12 minutes after Mané had given the visitors the lead for the second time on an afternoon when Daniel Sturridge also scored, and impressed, before limping off, apparently in considerable pain.
Jordan Pickford's knee injury has offered Vito Mannone a chance to show off their goalkeeping reflexes and they looked reassuringly sharp as the Italian dived smartly to repel Sturridge's early low shot before tipping away Georginio Wijnaldum's curler for a corner.
It was a bitter Wearside afternoon with temperatures hovering just above freezing but Mannone must have felt increasingly warm as they kept out another curving shot, dispatched by Sturridge this time, following some fine approach work on Roberto Firmino's part.
Mannone though is only human and, after their defence had failed to deal with the fallout from a corner, Dejan Lovren's miscued shot bounced into Sturridge's path and, from around six yards out, the sometime England striker directed a looping header into the net.
While that was only Sturridge's second Premier League goal of the season, Defoe soon registered their 10th, equalising from the penalty spot after Didier Ndong stole between Wijnaldum and Ragnar Klavan as they accelerated into the area and the centre-half sent them tumbling. Although Simon Mignolet guessed the kick's flight-path, correctly, Defoe's low, unerring execution proved far too good for the Belgian as the ball arrowed snugly inside a post and on into the bottom corner.
ADVERTISEMENT
West Ham remain extremely keen on spiriting Sunderland's leading scorer back to east London but that represents a doomsday scenario Moyes surely cannot bear to even contemplate.
Within minutes of levelling, Sunderland should have taken the lead in the wake of Adnan Januzaj's fancy footwork. Mignolet performed wonders to get a hand to Defoe's shot and push it away before Fabio Borini directed the rebound wide.
Moyes had dubbed their players “useless” – among other things – after they surrendered 4-1 at Burnley on Saturday but re-arranged in a 4-4-1-1 formation they – initially at least – looked in much better shape.
So much so that Mignolet, previously of this parish, had been required to make a couple of decent saves from Defoe and then Jack Rodwell before Sturridge scored the opener. Sunderland had lost all 33 of the previous games Rodwell had started for the club but, newly recovered from their latest injury, they seemed in unusually effective mode.
Hopes this might be the day that unfortunate cycle was broken were sustained by Mannone as they creditably denied Sturridge a second goal shortly before a half-time interval in which Klopp replaced James Milner – whose style had been cramped by an early booking – with Alberto Moreno at left-back.
Considering their defence was lacking the injured Lamine Koné – who, along with Wahbi Khazri and Ndong is, in any case, about to depart for Gabon and the Africa Cup of Nations – Moyes must have been reasonably pleased with its new found resilience.
Klopp, meanwhile, simply looked frozen through as they shivered on the touchline. The German was furious about having to play this game less than 48 hours after their side's New Year's Eve tea-time win over Manchester City and as Liverpool's attempts to bypass John O'Shea and Papy Djilobodji became increasingly jaded those dire prophecies of physical and mental fatigue appeared close to fulfillment.
Even so, the visitors – missing the injured Jordan Henderson – continued to dominate possession to a sometimes embarrassing extent and should really have regained the lead when Nathaniel Clyne crossed sublimely but Mané somehow missed the most inviting of openings.
Moyes though was convinced their team should have had another penalty after Borini's chip struck Emre Can on an arm but it did not look deliberate and referee Anthony Taylor had no hesitation about waving play on.
Things seemed to be drifting towards a draw when Liverpool finally got a grip of themselves and appeared to decide they were not quite all out of ideas after all.
This new mood was reflected by a menacing cameo featuring Adam Lallana and Sturridge exchanging passes before Lallana's cute backheel cued the striker up for an angled shot Mannone performed acrobatics to divert to safety.
When the resultant corner was inadvertently flicked on by Djilobodji, it fell to Mané who, completely unmarked at the far post, gleefully guided it into the net from close range. Not for the first time, Sunderland paid the price for slapdash defending with their protestations Mané had been in an offside position irrelevant as Djilobodji's intervention played them onside.
Creditably refusing to fold, Moyes's players rallied and won another penalty with six minutes to go after Seb Larsson's free-kick was handled by, of all people, Mané who blatantly, ridiculously, stuck their arm up. Forward stepped Defoe again and, this time, they sent Mignolet the wrong way as the ball flew low into the opposite corner.
With Sturridge having limped off after being accidentally caught by Djilobodji and replaced by Lucas Leiva, Liverpool were suddenly limited in attack and,this time, had no riposte.
ADVERTISEMENT
(Guardian service)
Home equity lines of credit would normally thrive in a market with rising prices and where many older homeowners are loath to sell. But HELOC activity is actually on the decline in all but one corner of the industry: credit unions.
There were nearly 7.9 million open HELOC accounts in the first quarter of 2017, down 12.77% from the first quarter of 2015, when there were about 9 million open accounts, according to TransUnion.
What just happened? There's been yet another crash involving a Tesla vehicle that was in Autopilot mode. This time, a Model S driver hit a parked police SUV in Laguna Beach, California. While the driver of the vehicle sustained minor injuries, the cruiser was unoccupied at the time of the accident.
Sgt Jim Cota, the public information officer for the Laguna Beach police department who tweeted about the incident, told The Guardian that the SUV was a “complete total loss,” and that the Tesla's front end was “pretty beat up.”
This morning a Tesla sedan driving outbound Laguna Canyon Road in “autopilot” collides with a parked @LagunaBeachPD unit. Officer was not in the unit at the time of the crash and minor injuries were sustained to the Tesla driver. #lagunabeach #police #tesla pic.twitter.com/7sAs8VgVQ3 — Laguna Beach PD PIO (@LBPD_PIO_45) May 29, 2018
“It [the SUV] was mangled up pretty good. It took out the whole back end and halfway through the center part of the vehicle. There's axle damage. It wouldn't be worth repairing,” they said.
This is the latest crash involving a Tesla where the Autopilot feature was engaged, and marks the third time this year that one of the vehicles has hit a stationary emergency vehicle while in Autopilot mode.
While working a freeway accident this morning, Engine 42 was struck by a #Tesla traveling at 65 mph. The driver reports the vehicle was on autopilot. Amazingly there were no injuries! Please stay alert while driving! #abc7eyewitness #ktla #CulverCity #distracteddriving pic.twitter.com/RgEmd43tNe — Culver City Firefighters (@CC_Firefighters) January 22, 2018
A driver in China is thought to have been the first person killed while using Autopilot, back in January 2016. In June that same year, Joshua Brown was the first person in the US to die while using the feature.
A Model X hit a highway divider while in Autopilot mode in March, killing driving Walter Huang. Tesla said its own investigation showed Huang kept their hands off the wheel despite the vehicle's warnings. NHTSA and the National Transportation Safety Board continue to investigate the case.
Last week, Tesla settled a class-action lawsuit brought by six Model S and Model X owners who alleged that the Autopilot system was “essentially unusable and demonstrably dangerous.” Tesla's settlement didn't mention the safety allegations but was instead paid out to compensate owners over the delayed Autopilot updates.
Tesla reiterated that the Autopilot feature requires drivers to keep their hands on the wheel and is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings.
The Autopilot system warns drivers who don't hold on to the wheel. Ignoring this will eventually see the feature disabled and can even cause the vehicle to pull up as a safety precaution. But some owners continue to leave the driver's seat when it is activated, including a UK man who was caught on video sitting in the passenger seat while their Tesla did the driving.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Montpellier were twenty minutes late.
Needing only a draw to secure an astonishing Ligue 1 title in 2012, players of title rivals PSG stood huddled around a television screen in Lorient after a 2-1 win watching the final quarter of the pivotal encounter in Auxerre play out.
Although every game in the final round is scheduled simultaneously, Auxerre ultras, infuriated by the financial issues that had already seen their club relegated had staged a protest that saw scores of tennis balls, rotten tomatoes, toilet paper and melons thrown on to the pitch at the Stade de l‘Abbe-Deschamps.
“You are the shame of these last 32 years!” read one banner, a sentiment largely directed at club president Gérard Bourgoin but also at their players, including 21-year-old centre back Willy Boly.
Having broken into the first team the previous year, Boly assumed a prominent role in a disastrous season for Auxerre, but the young defender's individual displays remained admirable, regularly standing out despite poor results.
Despite their obvious physical stature, a burgeoning keenness to hit sweeping passes and start attacks, as has been the case with Wolves, was already evident. Boly later explained; "I really like to play this way, where the central ones have to go out to play, where the team likes to have ball. For me, it is not more difficult to play this way. I like and want to have a ball.”
Born in Melun, an hour south of central Paris, Boly's football education was one of the best French football can provide, training as a teenager at the famous Clairefontaine National Football Institute.
Nicolas Anelka, Thierry Henry, Kylian Mbappé, William Gallas and Blaise Matuidi to name a few, are all counted among Clairefontaine's more illustrious alumni. At the age of 16, Boly was spotted by Auxerre where they were swiftly promoted to the senior side before signing their first professional deal in 2011.
"I'm blossoming well at this club,” said Boly at the time, but their ambitions were clear, “but I aim for another level. It's a personal project. Because the most important thing is to play in a big club and play big competitions like the Champions' League."
Impressing at youth levels and throughout their brief Ligue 1 spell, Boly represented France across the junior ranks and was, as then coach Éric Mombaerts said, only kept out of a competitive under 21s side by Raphaël Varane and Eliaquim Mangala.
Eye-catching performances in Ligue 1 and boundless potential led to wide-ranging interest from across the continent as Auxerre dropped into Ligue 2, but the young Boly's experience descended into attitude issues and poor form.
Despite being a prize asset, then manager Bernard Casoni stating they might have to leave to fill the hole in the club's finances that contributed to their relegation, Boly fell out of favour in January 2013 as negotiations with Parma eventually fell through.
Boly then informed Casoni later that year they were not in the right frame of mind to play against Valenciennes, after another failed round of talks with Parma.
Rumours of numerous possible routes out repeatedly evaporated over Boly's two seasons in the second division, notably when a €5m agreement with Fiorentina came to nothing, as Bourgoin demanded a higher fee.
Meanwhile disciplinary issues resurfaced, as then Auxerre coach Jean-Luc Vannuchi “decided to exclude them until further notice" after they arrived late for training and did not follow their coach's instructions before a supposed refusal to play for the reserve side saw miss out on the first team squad towards the end of 2013/14 campaign.
Nevertheless, in recent seasons, Boly has matured somewhat while Cédric Hengbart, a teammate at Auxerre, insisted in L'Équipe that Boly was able to handle the transfer speculation in training, explaining “he never let it show, they remained very professional”.
However there is certainly another unusual side to Willy Boly. In a strange turn of events for a promising footballer at youth level, holds a “BacS”, roughly the equivalent of top grade A-levels, in Maths and Sciences, while they impressed coaches in Liga Nos by swiftly grasping Portuguese upon joining Braga in 2014 and speaking quasi-fluently with their colleagues, an intelligence perhaps reflected in their style of play.
When Boly eventually moved to Portugal in 2014, they did so for no direct monetary exchange, despite Auxerre's initial demands, they received no transfer fee for Boly, merely a sell-on percentage clause.
However, Boly struggled to assert themselves in Portugal. For much of the 2014/15 season, the Frenchman found themselves as a Braga B team regular, playing in Portugal's lower divisions. Fortunately, their attitude towards turning out for a reserve side had evolved since their Auxerre days.
"It was a difficult situation for me and I was not going to be happy for the B team,” explained Boly, “inside I forgot everything. It was important for me to play well when I was called to B team to show what I can do for the coach and the A team."
That attitude proved essential, as Boly, impressing incoming manager Paulo Fonseca after centre-back Aderlan Santos departed, played their way into the Braga senior side.
Within a year, Boly had joined Porto, a protracted move due to Boly's high wage demands, having rejected Wolves before eventually joining them a year later following a failure to establish themselves at the Dragao.
Given Boly's impressive debut season in England, showcasing their ability to bring the ball out from the back, sometimes a little too much, holding onto the loanee Frenchman will likely be near the top of Nuno Espirito Santo's summer to-do list.
Although Nuno might have to spend an eight-figure sum to secure a permanent move, given Boly's ingrained keenness to constantly improve and play at the highest possible level, they would undoubtedly relish a jump to Premier League football.
What's more, making that step with a club clearly on an upward trajectory, where they are already established, stability will also be a crucial element in terms of furthering their own development.
Whether they stay or not, dodging tennis balls and rotten tomatoes should remain a distant memory.
This is a piece from our French football partners, Get French Football News
You can follow Adam and Get French Football News on Twitter
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Lucky Whitehead (13) gets away from a tackle by Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Najee Goode (52) on the punt return during the second quarter at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
Cowboys wide receiver Lucky Whitehead is one of the most dynamic player on the roster with their feet. They can run the ball, catch balls in the flat and take it long or return kicks.
Whitehead's training company posted a video of their offseason workouts, working on the footwork that makes them so effective.
Deepika Singh Is Enjoying With my Son!
In an interview to Spotboye, Diya Aur Baati Hum actor tells as to how amazing their life has become after their son's birth. They add, "I am enjoying every bit of it with my son. I stay in a joint family, so I have help from many quarters. People are there with me, taking care of my baby. So I am quite relaxed. Let's put it this way: That I am relishing motherhood is an understatement."
Does Deepika Miss Shooting?
When asked whether they miss shooting, they said, "What I miss is my acting. I miss shooting as it was an essential part of my life. And that's why I am trying hard to get back to acting. I have just done some meetings. Let's see what God has in store for me."
Deepika Wants To Work!
Since they were active on social media, they feel they hadn't been away from their fans after Soham's (her son) birth. They add, "Lekin kaam to karna hai, screen pe vapas aana hai."
Deepika Says…
When asked as to what kind of roles they are expecting, the actor adds, "I did not come to Mumbai with the intention to play the lead. God was grateful to me and I became Sandhya Raati of the successful show Diya Aur Baati Ham. So I still think in the same way. Whatever comes my way, I will take it, and I promise to do justice with it."
Deepika Wants To Work For Them Fans
The actor further adds that they would love to do an inspiring role. They want to work for their fans and not for money, since their fans keep asking them as to when they will be back on small screen.
Deepika Wants To Do Daily Soap
Deepika says that acting is their hobby and they want to live it. They don't want to do reality show, until the time it's a dance reality show as they love dancing. But their personal favourite is daily soap.
‘Becoming A Mother Doesn't Stop You From Working'
They were quoted by Spotboye as saying, "I just want to tell these guys that becoming a mother doesn't stop you from working. There are thousands of women who come back from their maternity leaves in 6 months and resume work. So why can't we actors do that?"
While the link between smoking and a range of cancers is well known, the World Health Organization warned Thursday there was too little awareness of tobacco's impact on the human heart.
On the occasion of World No Tobacco Day Thursday, the UN health agency hailed that smoking had declined significantly since year 2000, but warned that there were still far too many people indulging in the dangerous habit.
And it cautioned that research showed there was “a serious lack of knowledge” about the different health risks associated with tobacco.
Tobacco use has been linked to more than seven million deaths worldwide each year, including some 890,000 from breathing in second-hand smoke.
But many people are unaware that nearly half of those deaths, around three million, are due to cardiovascular disease, including heart attacks and stroke, WHO warned.
“Most people know that using tobacco causes cancer and lung disease, but many people aren't aware that tobacco also causes heart disease and stroke – the world's leading killers,” WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a statement.
“Tobacco doesn't just cause cancer. It quite literally breaks hearts,” they said.
Tobacco smoke contains more than 7,000 chemicals, including tar and others that can narrow arteries and damage blood vessels, and nicotine, which is associated with increases in heart rate and blood pressure.
At the same time, smoking unleashes poisonous gases like carbon monoxide, which replaces oxygen in the blood, thereby reducing the availability of oxygen for the heart muscle, WHO said.
The agency pointed out that tobacco use is responsible for around 17 percent of the nearly 18 million deaths from cardiovascular disease around the globe each year.
Yet in many countries, there is very low awareness that smoking significantly increases your chances of developing cardiovascular disease.
In China for instance, a large WHO survey showed that more than 60 percent of the population is unaware that smoking can cause heart attacks, while in India and Indonesia, more than half of adults are unaware that smoking can cause stroke.
“Governments have the power in their hands to protect their citizens from suffering needlessly from heart disease,” said Douglas Bettcher, who heads WHO's non-communicable disease prevention unit.
According to a new WHO report on smoking trends and prevalence, the percentage of people worldwide who indulge in the habit has dropped from 27 percent in 2000 to 20 percent in 2016.
But it warned that the pace of reduction was too slow.
Due to population growth, the number of smokers in the world has remained relatively stable at around 1.1 billion, Bettcher told reporters.
AFP
Snow Safari
Try the new Finland adventure holiday via TUI and swap playdates for a husky safari this mid-term break. Chase the Northern lights – the Aurora Borealis – by night, visit a reindeer and horse farm, snowmobile and ice-fish on this unique family break. Prices from €2,005 per adult and €1,753 per child (4-12 years) including transfers, seven nights' half-board accommodation, one lunch, activities listed and expert guides. Departing February 10th. activitiesabroad.com and tuiholidays.ie
Malta in March
If you're looking for a new way to spend Paddy's Weekend this year, try a trip to Malta. Depart Dublin March 15th and stay seven nights at the four-star Qawra Palace, Qawra B&B from just €349 per person. Their annual St Patrick's Day festival, held in the City Gate in Valletta, on Republic Street, is always a spectacular event. See budgettravel.ie and maltauk.com.
First Dates with a love potion
Experience the romance of First Dates Ireland at the the Gibson Hotel
The Gibson hotel, home to the cult show First Dates Ireland, has opened its doors to guests who wish to experience the format for themselves. Check into the four-star in Dublin's docklands and enjoy an overnight stay with dinner in the First Dates restaurant, two complimentary “love potions” and breakfast for two the following morning. The First Dates package starts from €236. thegibsonhotel.ie
Scene from the rollover crash one Losee Road and the IR215. (Photo: NHP)
Scene from the rollover crash one Losee Road and the IR215. (Photo: NHP)
The Clark County Coroner has identified the man killed in an accident on Tuesday morning at Losee Road and the 215.
Patrick Lee Dunning, 47, died from multiple blunt force injuries and a motor vehicle collision, according to the coroner's office.
According to Trooper Travis Smaka, of Nevada Highway Patrol, a white Chevrolet Silverado went off the road and rolled over.
Dunning was pronounced dead at the scene, Smaka said.
Smaka said Dunning was not wearing a seatbelt.
Dunning was a resident of Logandale, Nevada.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
3 pounds Idaho potatoes of equal size
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
3 garlic cloves, crushed
2 shallots, confit, smashed until paste is formed
1½ cups half-and-half
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
freshly grated nutmeg to taste
¼ cup Parmesan cheese, grated
¼ cup fontina cheese, grated
Peel and wash the potatoes and slice them into rounds 1/8 inch thick, using a mandolin, the slicing disk of a food processor or a sharp knife. Generously butter a heavy, shallow baking dish, mine was about 4 by 6 by 2 inches.
Preheat oven to 350˚F.
In a large pan, bring the garlic, shallots, half-and-half, salt, pepper, nutmeg and potatoes to a boil, stir occasionally, reduce to a simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Pour into the buttered dish, distribute evenly; press down the potatoes and top with a little butter, if desired. Bake covered with aluminum foil for 45 minutes. Top with cheese and bake for another 20-25 minutes or until golden brown on top.
Note: spray the potato side of the aluminum foil with nonstick cooking spray before baking to avoid sticking.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A Department of Transportation worker who says they were demoted for singing on the job is now suing the city.
Crooner Mariano Scotto's bosses are continuing to punish the highway-transportation specialist by slashing their overtime even after an administrative law judge said they couldn't be fired from their $112,000-a-year job for belting out tunes at work, they claim in the suit.
The 58-year-old Staten Island resident has been “singing on the job since they were hired” in 1985, their Manhattan Supreme Court suit says.
“He sings everything from the Beatles to show tunes,” their attorney, Leonard Shrier, told The Post.
“He sings because, a, they have a good voice, b, it relaxes them and c, the office has always enjoyed it,” Shrier said.
But under a new boss, who was hired in January 2017, they were told to zip it and later ordered to undergo a psych exam.
The doc said they aren't “fit for duty” but their own shrink countered that they were fine. So instead of firing him, the department has stripped them of thousands of dollars in overtime and took away their company car, the suit claims.
He's suing for unspecified damages. The city Law Department is reviewing the case.​
MADRID (AP) — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG “completely false.”
Madrid says it “has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned.”
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was “absolutely untrue.”
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players. The French club needs to comply with “Financial Fair Play” rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages.
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ($260 million) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona.
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will “remain under close scrutiny” when they submit accounts for the financial year, which ended last Saturday.
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that they may leave the Spanish club. They have not talked about their club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It seems like fashion trends just getting weirder and weirder! The latest trend has many people scratching their heads, but also questioning why this is even a trend to begin with. Behold, ‘crotch charms.' Yes, charms for your crotch. Started by a Japanese trailer called BoDivas, these “charms” consist of a small metal chain to be worn inside your bikini bottoms. Once attached from the inside of the bikini bottoms, four chains adorned with stones will dangle from your crotch.
This almost sounds like a joke, but see for yourself.
Ranging in price from $19.50 to $22.50, you can find these via BoDivas' Amazon and Ebay stores.
Claims Facebook misused user data has the social media network on track for its biggest one-day market capitalisation loss on record and is leading a $100 billion-plus wipeout on Monday among so-called FAAMNG stocks.
Down 7.1 per cent at $172.02 during lunchtime trade in New York, Facebook had shed $38.8 billion, cutting its market cap down to $503 billion. The stock had been down as much as 8.1 per cent.
The move looks likely to surpass its previous biggest market cap drop of $26 billion during the market sell-off earlier this year, although this was from a comparatively smaller percentage decline.
But among peers, Facebook's loss on Monday is shaping up as one for the record books.
In a Financial Times analysis of the top three market cap drops since 1990 for FAAMNG stocks – that is, Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Netflix and Google (now Alphabet) – Facebook's loss today would rank among the ten largest.
Dotcom bust
Only Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have been around since before the new millennium, and it is Microsoft's market cap losses during the dotcom bust that still dwarf those of the names assembled here.
But particularly for Apple and Amazon, which are now much bigger than they were in the late 1990s and early 2000s, even a relatively moderate drop can wipe off billions in market cap.
All up, the six FAAMNG stocks on Monday shed a combined $118.4 billion in market cap, according to FT calculations of Bloomberg data.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was down 2.2 per cent for its second-biggest one-day sell-off this year, while the broader S&P 500 was down 1.5 per cent.
Facebook shares drop was due to the backlash intensifying over claims that it was used to harvest the data of millions of US voters.
EU lawmakers said on Monday that they would investigate reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data analysis firm, mined the personal data of 50m users to create profiles that it could use to target them in elections. The reports in the New York Times, Observer and the UK's Channel 4 news say the company broke Facebook's rules by using data collected solely for research.
The UK's data protection authority and the Massachusetts attorney-general have already opened investigations into the issue while the UK ‘s Electoral Commission is examining it.
“Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data are an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights,” said Antonio Tajani, president of the European Parliament. “The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account.”
A spokesperson for Theresa May, the UK prime minister, said the allegations against Facebook and Cambridge Analytica were “clearly very concerning”.
“It is absolutely right that the Information Commissioner is investigating this matter. We expect Facebook, Cambridge Analytica and all the organisations involved to co-operate fully.” – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018/Reuters
Kentucky State Police say a traffic stop led to a drug arrest and the search of a home in Philpot.
Troopers say a car was pulled over on KY 54 Sunday.
They say the passenger, Jason Fuqua, had meth, marijuana, and other drug paraphernalia.
They say during the investigation, they got a search warrant for their house on Old KY 54,
Troopers say they, along with Daviess Co. deputies, found several drug paraphernalia items.
Four adults in the house are now facing charges.
Troopers say four children in home were found to be living in unsanitary conditions.
Fuqua is facing drug possession charges.
There's no word on the charges or names of the other people in the home.
Troopers say child protective services was notified.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
The Blue Devils helped put Mt. Juliet back into a share of the District 9-AAA lead by knocking off first-place Gallatin 50-37 on Senior Night at Campbell Brandon Gym/Hester Gibbs Court.
Lebanon jumped out to a 12-8 first-quarter lead. It was 28-16 at halftime and 39-32 through three periods as the Blue Devils improved to 18-7 for the season. And by way of Mt. Juliet's win over Hendersonville, LHS moved into sole possession of third place in the district at 8-4 as the Commandos fell to fourth.
Senior Noah Mulaski, held to two points last month at Gallatin, went wild with 26 points, including four three-pointers, in the rematch. Malcolm Logue and Jeremiah Hastings each scored seven while Zion Logue finished with four and Gaven Reasonover a three. Eddie Jackson, Lebanon's other senior, secured six rebounds to go with three points.
Mulaski and Jackson are both three-year starters and 1,000-point scorers.
Zool Kueth finished with 15 points, including two triples, for Gallatin while Octavian Arnold's 11 included three triples as the Green Wave fell to 21-5, 9-3.
Lebanon will travel to Beech on Tuesday night.
Wildcats climb from behind to overtake Station Camp
GALLATIN — Wilson Central rallied from a six-point halftime deficit during the third quarter and broke a tie with a dominant fourth to defeat host Station Camp 51-45 Friday night.
Station Camp led 18-13 following the first quarter and 30-24 at halftime before Central surged into a 40-40 tie going into the fourth. The Wildcats controlled the final eight minutes 11-5 to improve to 10-14 for the season and 5-7 in District 9-AAA.
Kyzick Schweppe sank four three-pointers to lead Central with 16 points while Gavin Johnson notched nine, twins Kito and Kene Aruh eight each, Dalton King four, Naz Czeskleba a three, Tyler Hayes two and Daniel Jackson a free throw.
Jonathan Gilland helped the Bison to their big lead with 11 first-period points and 17 by halftime before finishing with 24 as Station Camp slipped to 13-12, 5-7.
Wilson Central will travel to Portland on Tuesday night.
Late 3 lifts Livingston past Purple Tigers
WATERTOWN — Livingston Academy hit a three-point basket with two seconds left Friday night to take a 62-59 win over Watertown.
The Purple Tigers led 17-10 following the first quarter and 29-25 at halftime. The Wildcats didn't take their first lead until a minute remained in the third period. Watertown went back up 48-47 going into what became a back-and-forth fourth quarter.
Preston Tomlinson paced the Purple Tigers with 19 points, including a jumper in the lane which tied the score 59-59 with nine seconds left. They also hit a pair of threes and passed for four assists.
Austin Lasater sank four triples on their way to 16. Aidan Usher added eight points and seven rebounds while Jared Tomson scored seven to go with five steals. Heath Price put in six points and Griffin Creswell three.
Watertown will travel to Woodbury on Tuesday to take on Cannon County.
Commander comeback falls one point short
Friendship Christian's comeback from a seven-point hole fell one tally short in a 45-44 loss Friday night to visiting Davidson Academy at the Bay Family Sportsplex.
Davidson led 45-38 before the Commanders' comeback. Friendship missed a go-ahead shot and got an offensive rebound before losing the ball as the game ended.
Friendship finished the regular season 18-10 overall and 10-6 in the Middle Region District 2-A, good for the No. 4 seed in next week's tournament. The Commanders will play host to No. 5 Davidson again Wednesday night in the elimination round at the Sportsplex with the winner advancing to Goodpasture where the top-seeded Cougars likely await next Friday in the semifinals.
Friendship led 12-11 following the first quarter and 24-22 at halftime before the teams went into the fourth tied 33-33.
James Flynn fired in three 3-pointers to lead Davidson with 11 points while Stone Norton notched 10.
Hanley Sobieszczyk scored 18 points from the post for Friendship while Joe Greenwood continued their hot streak from outside with three 3-pointers on their way to 14. Ashton Young added the remaining 12.
Bears move back into share of 9-AAA lead
MT. JULIET — With Lebanon defeating Gallatin, Mt. Juliet moved back into a tie for the District 9-AAA lead with a 49-36 win over Hendersonville on Friday night.
The Golden Bears led 15-14 following the first quarter, 27-21 at halftime and 29 through three as they improved to 19-6 for the season and 9-3 in the district.
Isaac Stephens powered in 21 points, getting Mt. Juliet going with eight in the first quarter. Bryan Aiken added nine while Will Pruitt's eight included a pair of three-pointers. Gavin Wilson scored seven while Jordan Lockridge and J.C. Crawford each collected two.
Noah Taylor tossed in two three-pointers in leading Hendersonville with 17 as the Commandos, with Lebanon beating Gallatin, fell out of a third-place tie with the Blue Devils at 7-5.
Mt. Juliet will play host to Station Camp on Tuesday night.
MJCA finishes seventh in district, faces return trip to CA
CLARKSVILLE — Mt. Juliet Christian was no match for Clarksville Academy on Friday night as the Cougars closed the regular season with a 52-16 win.
The Saints finished seventh in Middle Region District 2-A, meaning they will have to return to No. 2 seed CA on Wednesday night for the elimination round of the district tournament, with the winner advancing to the semifinals at Goodpasture next Friday.
Logan Collier, Trent Graves and Gavin Forsha each finished with four points for Mt. Juliet Christian while Caylor Bates and Montrell Walker each turned in two.
Student loans are often dubbed the worst kind of debt because they're notoriously difficult to get rid of — even in bankruptcy. But attorneys across the country are now challenging that conventional wisdom with some success, creating hope for millions of struggling borrowers.
Bankruptcy lawyers are filing cases in states from New Hampshire to Florida, to test strategies with the hopes of establishing paths bankrupt borrowers and their lawyers can use to get rid of or, at least, better manage their debts in the future.
This burgeoning niche practice area — which includes paid seminars and new software programs — comes amid a rise in the share of bankruptcy filers with student debt and growth in their average balances. In 2005, roughly 15.7% of bankruptcy filings included educational debt with an average balance of $15,350, according to a 2014 paper in the Suffolk Law Review. That's compared with 22.3% of filers with an average balance of $32,096 in 2013.
“Nobody is doing anything for these people in terms of laws to benefit them,” said Richard Gaudreau, a New Hampshire-based bankruptcy attorney, who's been working on student loan issues for the past few years. “We're just forced to be creative.”
After a wave of panic in the 1970s over anecdotal evidence that student loan borrowers were taking advantage of the system to get rid of their debts, Congress exempted federal student loans from discharge in bankruptcy, except in extreme circumstances. Lawmakers extended that exemption in 2005 to private student loans as well. In order for borrowers to have their student debt discharged in bankruptcy, they need to prove that the debt is causing them to suffer “undue hardship.” Congress never defined that phrase, but a series of court rulings has created an undue hardship standard that is notoriously difficult to meet.
So instead of trying to meet that standard, these attorneys are turning to other legal strategies that challenge private lenders' ability to collect on the loan and in the case of federal debt — which is much harder to challenge — help borrowers better manage the loans while in bankruptcy.
Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? (3:13) A burgeoning industry of tech companies is enabling employers to make contributions toward their employees' student loans. Could this be the answer to the $1.3-trillion student-debt crisis?
A law student's experiment
When Austin Smith, a New York City-based lawyer, was researching a law review article at the University of Maine in 2014, they realized bankruptcy attorneys rarely objected to lenders' classification of their clients' debts as non-dischargeable in bankruptcy, likely because they weren't familiar with the ins and outs of bankruptcy law as it pertains to student loans. But Smith discovered that in many cases, the debts didn't meet the standard of a qualified student loan under the bankruptcy code. That could be because the lender extended the loan to the borrower to attend an unaccredited program or lent the borrower more than the cost of attendance.
As a young corporate lawyer, Smith tested the strategy working pro-bono for a client who racked up $15,000 in debt from a bar study program. They successfully got the loan discharged and shortly thereafter struck out on their own doing solely this kind of work. They have about 20 cases pending and there are some early signs they may be onto something.
In December, a Minnesota bankruptcy judge responded to a motion Smith filed on behalf of a client in a case against Navient, one of the nation's largest student loan companies, disputing the way Navient, other lenders and bankruptcy judges have historically interpreted a provision of the bankruptcy code as it relates to student debt.
In order for a student loan to be non-dischargeable in bankruptcy, it has to fit into one of a few categories. Some examples include:
A federal student loan
Debts made under a program funded in whole or in part by a nonprofit institution (typically these are loans made by the school)
A qualified educational loan — this can be a loan made by a private company, but it has to be made for qualified higher education expenses, typically defined as the cost of attendance, for a student attending an eligible institution.
Funds received as an “educational benefit”
Lawyers and judges have long taken the phrase “educational benefit” to include loans. But Smith's interpretation, which the judge concurred with, is that the category refers to scholarships and grants that must be paid back if certain stipulations are violated. For example, if a student accepts a scholarship for medical school with the premise that they'll work in a low-income community and then they violate that condition and are on the hook for the money.
Taking that logic one step further means that student loans from private lenders can be discharged in bankruptcy if they were made to students who didn't attend an accredited program or were lent more money than the cost of attendance. Possible debts that fit into this category could include the asupervisorstioned bar study loan or a loan to attend an unaccredited trade school, Smith said.
“A loan is not like a scholarship or a stipend and such a private loan cannot be included in this definition. If I were to interpret educational benefit to include loans that has some relation to attaining an education, it would render the other two provisions of [the bankruptcy code as it relates to student debt] totally superfluous,” the judge said, according to a transcript.
“I have yet to go in front of a judge who disagrees with my overall thesis, which is that not all student loans are not dischargeable,” Smith said. “I do think the tide is now turning on that.”
Patricia Christel, a Navient spokesperson, declined to comment on the specific case. They wrote in an emailed statement that the company “continues to support” reforms that would allow both federal and private student loans to be discharged in bankruptcy for borrowers who made a “good-faith” effort to repay the debt for five to seven years and still experienced financial difficulty.
Burden of proof
And soon more attorneys may give Smith's strategy a try. Dayton, Ohio-based CINgroup, which makes a software used by bankruptcy attorneys to prepare their filings, called Best Case, plans to introduce an update later this year that will help scan a client's student loans to see if they qualify for any discharges and help prepare the filings to challenge the debt.
Dave Danielson, the chief executive of CINgroup says the company estimates that of the 750,000 consumer bankruptcies filed each year, there could be as many as 50,000 with some kind of dischargeable student debt, but it rarely gets challenged. “Most attorneys, they process bankruptcies every day and their heads are down and it's easy to fall under the assumption that student loan debt — you can't do anything about it,” they said. “What we're trying to do in a very simple sense is help the attorney realize that (a) maybe they can do something about it and (b) if it's is dischargeable, try to prepare some legal proceedings.”
Gaudreau first realized they had the power to help bankruptcy filers with student debt a few years ago, after they almost took a client's case all the way to the Supreme Court. Now they use a variety of strategies to help their clients get rid of or better cope with their loans. In many cases, they challenge private lenders to provide evidence they can legally collect on the debt. Often, in scenarios reminiscent of the mortgage crisis, since the loan has changed hands many times, the lenders struggle to provide that evidence.
“They're not very good at supplying the documents that prove that they own the debt,” they said. If the lender can't prove they own the debt, then it makes it much more difficult for them to collect on it.
Lawyers may still be in the early stages of pioneering these strategies, but they've been available all along, said Rafael Pardo, a professor at Emory University's law school who has studied bankruptcy and student loans. The burden of proof both that the borrower owes the debt and that it's a type of debt that qualifies for exemption falls on the creditor. But borrowers and attorneys may be hesitant to pursue this path if they don't have the money or experience to pay for it.
“The overwhelming majority of the litigation has always turned on was there undue hardship or not,” they said. “The type of debt or the amount of debt was a forgone conclusion. When you're stuck with limited resources in terms of the representation, you have to pick and choose your battles.”
In the case of federal student loan debt, trying to get it discharged is likely a losing battle if the attorney can't make a particularly compelling case that the debt qualifies as an undue hardship for the borrower, said Lewis Roberts, a Florida bankruptcy attorney. In most jurisdictions, a borrower is only considered to be suffering from undue hardship if she's in a situation where they currently can't pay the debt, there's no reason to believe she'll be able to pay the debt in the future and she's made a good-faith effort to repay the loan. Judges have said prolonged unemployment, alcoholism, and even a criminal record aren't enough to qualify a borrower for the undue hardship designation.
‘The fight is just in its infancy'
In cases where borrowers don't meet the undue hardship standard, Roberts is working to at least help their clients better manage the debt once in bankruptcy.
Typically, federal student loan debt is categorized in bankruptcy the same as other unsecured debts owed by the filer. Roberts's intervention is to get judges and trustees to classify the federal student loan debt separately so that their clients can take advantage of special payment plans the government offers borrowers to manage their student loans. Using this method, he's helped clients who are in bankruptcy put their student loans into income-driven repayment plans that allow borrowers to pay as little as zero dollars a month and stay current on their loans. Borrowers who are on these plans are also able to make payments toward loan forgiveness programs.
Lewis said they first started doing this work about three years ago after attending a seminar about legal issues relating to student loans, including bankruptcy, hosted by two lawyers who had already begun working in the space. The attorneys offer these so-called student loan workshops either as videos, phone calls, in-person trainings or a combination. The workshops, which cost between $1,500 and roughly $2,500, depending on what services you purchase are pitched both as a way to help student loan borrowers, but also as a way for attorneys looking to drum up business in a struggling bankruptcy market. So far about 300 lawyers have participated in the student loan workshops since they launched in 2012.
As more lawyers learn both about the problem of student debt in bankruptcy and the opportunity to solve it, the challenges to the conventional wisdom that student loans are impossible to get rid of will only increase, said Jay Fleischman, one of the attorneys who run the student loan workshops. “This fight is just in its infancy,” they said. “We're seeing the birth of it in many ways.”
A referendum on restoring the death penalty in Turkey would constitute a break with European values, the French president's office warned on Monday.
"The organisation of a referendum on the death penalty would obviously be a break with (the) values and engagements" accepted by Turkey when it joined Europe's top rights watchdog, the Council of Europe, the French presidency said.
It was alluding to remarks made by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday as the nation voted through controversial constitutional changes granting them greater powers.
Erdoğan won a narrow victory, with 51.41 percent in favour and 48.59 percent against. The opposition alleges the vote was stained by violations.
The French presidency said it "took note" of the figures and the "disputes" surrounding them, saying they showed "that Turkish society is divided over the proposed deep reforms."
In recent months, Erdoğan has suggested they would back moves to resume capital punishment if the idea was approved by parliament, indicating that a bill on the matter would be tabled after the referendum.
And on Sunday, they said that if it were to be rejected by the opposition, they could put the matter to another referendum.
"If (a bill) comes before me, I will approve it. But if there isn't support (from opposition MPs) ... then we could have another referendum for that," they said as their supporters chanted for its reintroduction.
Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004 as part of its bid to join the European Union.
Brussels has made clear that any move to restore it would scupper Ankara's decades-long efforts to join the bloc.
The Council of Europe, of which Turkey is a member, is a separate entity from the EU.
Erdoğan raised the idea of bringing back capital punishment after last year's failed coup, suggesting it would bring justice to the families of the victims.
To become law, the bill would still need to be signed by the head of state. But Erdoğan said they would sign it "without hesitation".
- with AFP
A man is due to appear in court in relation to the death of Patricia O'Connor (61), whose dismembered remains were found scattered over a Wicklow roadside.
The 32-year-old man, was charged at Bray Garda station on Thursday morning and will be brought before Tallaght District Court later.
They had presented themselves to Rathfarnham Garda station on Monday but was released as investigating gardaí in Bray believed the torso found dumped in a plastic bag on Saturday was male.
However, when the State Pathologist's Office confirmed the victim was female on Tuesday and Ms O'Connor's head was found, the suspect then became crucial to the inquiry.
They told the Garda they had dismembered Ms O'Connor, a mother and grandmother, in a field in Co Wexford and had made a crude attempt to bury them there before taking the remains away and scattering them over a 30km stretch of road in Co Wicklow.
The suspect took gardaí to the field in Co Wexford on Tuesday and when clear physical evidence, including blood, hair and signs of digging the earth were found, the man was arrested.
They have been detained since then for questioning in connection with the murder.
The woman was beaten to death with a hurl in their Mountain View Park home in Rathfarnham home almost two weeks ago.
The man being questioned is believed to have also lived there and it is understood there were existing tensions in the family surrounding ownership of the house.
Gardaí believe the suspect and Ms O'Connor were part of a close family-based group that had spent a lot of time together in recent years.
The deceased woman, who was estranged from their husband, left Dublin for the UK for a period and then returned to live in Ireland last year.
Panicked
Detectives are working on the theory that when Ms O'Connor's attacker killed them they panicked and did not know how to dispose of the body.
Detectives suspect their killing may have been a spur of the moment incident and during the course of an argument.
Gardaí believe their killer then drove their vehicle with Ms O'Connor's remains inside to Kilmuckridge, Co Wexford, where they were dismembered and partially buried in a field.
The man appears to have left the remains in the field before returning and exhuming the body parts from the earth and throwing them from their vehicle on the drive back to Dublin via Wicklow.
On Saturday people out walking found the large part of a torso and a huge search operation commenced.
It is ongoing and so far remains have been found in 10 locations; including Ms O'Connor's hands and head in plastic bags.
Ms O'Connor worked as a chef at Mount Carmel Hospital in Churchtown.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
A Muslim doctor living in Dublin has spoken of the insults and harassment they suffer for wearing a hijab following the release of a report warning that hate crime remains under-reported in Ireland.
The “Lifecycle of Hate Crime” report from the Irish Council for Civil Liberties, released on Wednesday, found that hate crime was “not part of the language of the Irish criminal justice process” and the State had a responsibility to “send a clear message to society that hate crime is not tolerated”.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan described the findings of the report as “not acceptable” and said its recommendations would be “urgently” examined by their department.
Amna*, a doctor from South Asia who has been living in Ireland for nearly three years, said racial hatred was “spreading like wildfire” and “requires immediate attention”.
Verbal harassment
Writing a post on Reddit, Amna described how on Saturday night, while travelling from Dublin city centre to Kilmainham on a Dublin Bus, they were verbally harassed by a female passenger for wearing a hijab. They wrote that a middle aged woman who was “heavily intoxicated” repeatedly asked where they came from, before calling them a “refugee” and asking “why are in you in this country”? They said the woman continued swearing at her, even when they took out their phone and began filming the incident. Eventually, they said, a male passenger offered to swap seats so Amna could move away from the woman.
In Ireland, Amna said they find that women who wear a head scarf are either considered to be refugees or “someone who deserves an insult in the name of religion”.
When they first arrived in Dublin and was searching for an apartment they said some landlords told them they should “live with their own community”, while one landlord refused to let them enter the house because they said they might have a gun in their handbag. More recently they said that upon completing an examination, the adjudicator approached them and said they should return home to work as a doctor rather than remaining in Ireland.
“Why should I face this professional and social discrimination time and time again? Is it because I have opted to adhere to my religious beliefs which teach me to spread love, treat all with respect, do no harm, hear no evil, not to judge others, to be selfless, to be honest, to be non-judgmental towards all?
“Disrespecting others, just for the sake of your personal satisfaction, isn't acceptable behaviour in any culture or religion. Condescending behaviour, insulting others publicly just because people feel they have the given right to do so is totally unacceptable.”
Scared
According to Amna, many Muslim women in this country feel too scared to contact the Garda or report racial abuse. “I think we've become desensitised to it,” they told The Irish Times. “People make comments as we walk by so often that we've been told to brush it off. But we need to stop brushing it off. We can't accept it.”
Amna said they often turn to the advice of American TV star Ellen DeGeneres for guidance when faced with discrimination and racial abuse. “When I start to lose faith in kindness due to inappropriate behaviour, I pray and I binge watch them to put my mind at ease. For me it's a constant reminder, as they rightly say, to ‘please be kind to one another'.”
*Amna's surname has not been used to protect their identity
Basically, what we're saying here, is… if you thought Lady Gaga was lip-syncing their Super Bowl halftime performance… you're wrong.
LISTEN to their raw mic feed:
Facilities Director Dave Hetyonk says the district's share of the $2.8 billion allotted to California would fund much-needed infrastructure projects
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, and officials with the Santa Barbara Unified School District met at Adams Elementary School on Tuesday to discuss how the passing of the American Jobs Act would create jobs through repairs to school infrastructure.
Capps said the American Jobs Act, President Barack Obama's $447 billion jobs bill, would dedicate $2.8 billion to school infrastructure and create 37,000 jobs statewide.
“We're sending our most precious resources to receive their education in structures that are outmoded, many structures are moldy and paint is falling from the walls,” they said. “It's not because (Director of Facilities) Dave Hetyonk doesn't care; they care so much about improving our schools. Let's look at this as an opportunity to put these two challenges together — unemployed people and schools that are falling apart.”
The $2.8 billion allotted to California would be distributed at the local level based on the number of students in any given school district and eligibility issues, or factors such as the age of the facilities and the number of portables, according to district Superintendent Dr. David Cash.
As for what gets fixed first, they said, the majority of the Santa Barbara district's priority list includes structural, electrical and system needs, such as repaving damaged asphalt.
“Should students be playing on asphalt that has inch-wide holes in it?” Cash said. “That's a system issue at the top of the list.”
Hetyonk said that although the American Jobs Act would fund many short-term construction positions, those workers would provide a necessary stimulus for the local economy.
“If these jobs stimulate the economy, then things would regenerate and these people making the money in construction would spend money that would stay in the community and that would generate more projects to keep those jobs rolling,” they said.
Funding from the American Jobs Act would free up funds from Measures Q and R for projects that have gone unfunded, such as upgrading and modernizing certain classrooms, said Mark Ingalls, the Santa Barbara Education Foundation's board president.
“Q and R funds have addressed the immediate needs that the SBSD priority list identified as projects that for instance were shovel-ready and green, so additional founding would free up Q and R funds for unfunded projects,” they said.
But some people are skeptical because of the status of the economy despite the $787 billion stimulus bill approved in 2009.
“Do we know how bad it would have been if it wasn't there?” Capps said. “Also, everyone needs to recognize how far off the cliff we were falling at that time. It did have impact. I know because of the teachers who are in the classrooms now who weren't before.”
Obama proposed that the bulk of the plan would be paid for by tax changes that would limit itemized deductions, and provisions impacting oil and gas companies and hedge funds. Capps advocated closing some of the “loopholes and inequities we already know are in the tax structure.”
“The American people know by now that it is time for certain millionaires and billionaires to pay for a little bit more of their share into it,” they said. “We also know we are continuing to subsidize offshore oil companies who are drilling that make the biggest profits in world. Those are changes we can put into place that are a matter of fairness.”
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
CHIPPEWA VALLEY — A Wisconsin father is getting a lot of positive attention for their decision to get a tattoo to support their son's battle with a rare condition.
“I saw another father who did the same thing. Their son had a brain tumor, and they did it to boost the confidence of their child, and that's kind of the same reason I'm doing it,” Jeremy Cortner said.
They say scars are like battle wounds, but Cortner isn't the one fighting. Their son is.
“I've seen this scar before, just not on my own head,” Cortner said.
The design stretches from ear to ear. They had it done at Rezurrection Tattoo in Eau Claire — all for their six-year-old son Casey, who will be facing their second round of surgery in July.
“My son Casey had a craniosynostosis. That's when the sutures in their head fuse prematurely, so they did a surgery to kind of let the brain have room to grow again,” Cortner said.
Cortner said next month, doctors will repair soft spots on their skull, ones they say haven't healed since their first surgery, nearly six years ago.
“They're probably about one to two inches wide, so they're using 3D technology to go in and fill those spots. If we didn't do that, their brain couldn't grow and that would, they would potentially lose their sight and their hearing and their ability to learn because their brain couldn't utilize the room that it should,” Amy Cortner, Casey's mother said.
“I want them to know that they shouldn't feel isolated or alone with their scar,” Jeremy Cortner said. “I get to choose this. They don't get to choose his, you know? When they look back, and thinks about their surgery, maybe some positive memories will come out of something special my dad did for me instead of just the negative parts of it of how painful it was.”
“He can even refer to their dad even instead of himself, or they can say, ‘Look, we're the same,' you know? So they don't feel so alone,” Amy Cortner said.
Highlights Summer fruits are replete with a number of invaluable nutrients.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are best consumed when they're in season.
Watermelons are one of the best low-calorie summer fruits out there.
Healthy Summer Fruits: Eating seasonal has many health benefits
Healthy Summer Fruits: Mangoes have a bad rapport with health freaks
Healthy Summer Fruits: Watermelon is one of the best low-calorie summer fruits out there
Cherries
Sweet lime ( Mosambi)
(Also Read -Including more fresh fruits in your diet can give you the energy to beat the summer heat. There are a lot of ways you can play around with fruits in summers, in form of desserts, cold beverages or eating them raw, in fruit chaats etc. However, people who are dieting may have reservations about eating certain summer fruits, fearing high sugar content and high calories in them. So if you're one of those who is consciously watching the number of calories in each meal, these nutrition facts about your favourite summer fruits may help you.One of the most notorious summer fruits out there is mango, which has got a bad rapport with health freaks and patients with high blood sugar . However, if eaten in control, mangoes aren't just perfectly healthy, but may even help you along in your weight loss diet. According to the US Department of Agriculture, a 100 gm serving of mango contains a mere 60 calories, making it a good low-calorie snacking option.(Also Read -One of the best parts about summer is the numerous types of melons that it brings along with it. Watermelons, muskmelons and sun melons are just some of the most common ones available in India. Watermelons are one of the healthiest summer fruits as they are made up of 90 per cent of water. A 100 gm serving of watermelon contains just 30 calories while the muskmelon serves 34 calories in the same portion size. Sun melons also have almost the same amount of calories as the above two.(Also Read -Mulberries (shahtoot), strawberries and phalsa (Grewia Asiatica) are three of the most commonly available berries in India, during summers. According to USDA, a 100 gm serving of ripe mulberries has just 43 calories, while strawberries pack in a mere 33 calories. Phalsa or Grewica, meanwhile, has more number of calories than both mulberries and strawberries.(Also Read -The juicy, translucent and flavourful litchi pulp is a summer favourite that is grown in many Asian countries. It is extensively used in fruit juices, fruit mocktails, summer cocktails and is enjoyed raw as well. One 100 gm cup of raw litchi pulp contains a mere 66 calories, according to USDA data.(Also Read -One of the most common ornamentation fruits on desserts is the sweet cherry, which is available in India as well. Bright red cherries are delightful to bite into and can be used in a number of sweet dishes as well. Moreover, cherries can also be used in fruit juices. According to USDA, a 100 gm serving of red cherry contains just 50 calories.(Also Read -Sweet lime or mosambi is a fruit that many Indian households stock up on, during summers. The fruit has many benefits on the skin, hair and overall health. Moreover, it makes for a great low-calorie snack, as according to USDA, a 100 gm serving of mosambi pulp contains just 43 calories. Most of these summer fruits are great as healthy snacks, if eaten in small portions and without any additives or sweeteners. If you do want to add sweeteners to your fruits, make sure they are natural and not processed or artificial. It is recommended for diabetics and obesity patients to consult their nutritionists, about which fruits are healthy for them and which ones are not.
It's caused by inflammation iStock/nemkeYou've probably heard of common skin conditions like psoriasis and eczema, but do you also know about rosacea? If not, you've got to listen up. "Rosacea is abnormal blood vessel growth in all layers of the skin, caused by internal problems and inflammation within the body and skin," says Julia T. Hunter, MD, a dermatologist and founder of Wholistic Dermatology, a line of skincare products. This abnormal blood vessel growth is the result of low thyroid, fungal overgrowth internally, gut inflammation, and chronic sun overexposure, they say.
Pay attention to new veins iStock/russaquariusOK, so now you know what the condition is, but how can you identify it? According to Dr. Hunter, one of the greatest symptoms can be detected in your veins. "Symptoms include redness, a tangle of tiny or larger veins appearing on the cheeks, nose, chin, forehead, neck and chest," Dr. Hunter says. And they're dilated, which makes you look flushed, especially when drinking alcohol, nervous, embarrassed, sweating, hot flushes, eating spicy foods, they explain. Have you noticed little vein webs in your skin as of late? If so, the issue may extend beyond a sunburn or aging.
Rosacea tends to start around the age of 30 iStock/gpointstudio"Flare-ups typically become bothersome any time after or around age 30, and increases from there," says Dr. Hunter. However, if you've noticed the redness showing up earlier in life, there's a reason for that too. "Flare-ups may also start in childhood from significant food allergies and sensitivities (especially to gluten)," they explain. (Find out the 7 signs your child has a food sensitivity.)
Content continues below ad
You should first treat it internally iStock/IuriiSokolov Though rosacea is a skin condition, your primary focus shouldn't be on treating it externally. "Rosacea must be treated both internally and externally for optimal treatment to prevent progression and for resolution of symptoms, as it is caused by internal problems including low thyroid. If you do not treat the cause internally, then you will just treat the symptoms in perpetuity and never really decrease the symptoms and outbreaks," Dr. Hunter warns. "Some people are very sensitive genetically to foods and ingredients and internal physiological deficiencies, so they tend to struggle with rosacea." Your first line of defense is to make sure your thyroid levels are under control and identify any food sensitivities. (Learn the Though rosacea is a skin condition, your primary focus shouldn't be on treating it externally. "Rosacea must be treated both internally and externally for optimal treatment to prevent progression and for resolution of symptoms, as it is caused by internal problems including low thyroid. If you do not treat the cause internally, then you will just treat the symptoms in perpetuity and never really decrease the symptoms and outbreaks," Dr. Hunter warns. "Some people are very sensitive genetically to foods and ingredients and internal physiological deficiencies, so they tend to struggle with rosacea." Your first line of defense is to make sure your thyroid levels are under control and identify any food sensitivities. (Learn the silent signs of a thyroid problem .)
Diet adjustments can work wonders iStock/Juanmonino If you want to see real improvements, commit to some lifestyle adjustments. "Gut inflammation is often a major cause of rosacea, due to eating incorrectly for your blood type and/or lacking hydrochloric acid in your stomach," says Dr. Hunter. "Following a healthy, balanced diet that contains greens and healthy meats and vegetables can help to improve rosacea outbreaks," says Dr. Hunter. Start with these If you want to see real improvements, commit to some lifestyle adjustments. "Gut inflammation is often a major cause of rosacea, due to eating incorrectly for your blood type and/or lacking hydrochloric acid in your stomach," says Dr. Hunter. "Following a healthy, balanced diet that contains greens and healthy meats and vegetables can help to improve rosacea outbreaks," says Dr. Hunter. Start with these essential foods for beautiful skin
Content continues below ad
You have to carefully read labels iStock/ShotShare Some common irritating ingredients to avoid include alcohol, witch hazel, fragrance, menthol, peppermint, and eucalyptus oil. Read your labels to make sure none of these are listed on your products. ( Some common irritating ingredients to avoid include alcohol, witch hazel, fragrance, menthol, peppermint, and eucalyptus oil. Read your labels to make sure none of these are listed on your products. ( Does your face need a vacation from makeup? What a derm says .)
Avoid microdermabrasion at all costs iStock/robertprzybysz As with many skin conditions, you'll want to avoid irritating treatments that can worsen the condition. "If you are using inflammatory ingredients in products and getting aggressive procedures, then that can begin or exacerbate the condition as well," Dr. Hunter says. In particular, they caution against microdermabrasion. "In my experience it often contributes to rosacea production over time." As with many skin conditions, you'll want to avoid irritating treatments that can worsen the condition. "If you are using inflammatory ingredients in products and getting aggressive procedures, then that can begin or exacerbate the condition as well," Dr. Hunter says. In particular, they caution against microdermabrasion. "In my experience it often contributes to rosacea production over time."
You need to speak to your derm iStock/RichardForeman "If you suffer from rosacea, there is an underlying cause that is contributing to your condition," says Dr. Hunter. "Seek help from your dermatologist to treat the underlying issues contributing to the flare-ups." Your doctor will prescribe the right medication, suggest the appropriate lifestyle adjustments, and help you find the most gentle products on the market for rosacea treatment. (Find out the "If you suffer from rosacea, there is an underlying cause that is contributing to your condition," says Dr. Hunter. "Seek help from your dermatologist to treat the underlying issues contributing to the flare-ups." Your doctor will prescribe the right medication, suggest the appropriate lifestyle adjustments, and help you find the most gentle products on the market for rosacea treatment. (Find out the ten signs you need a dermatologist—STAT!
Content continues below ad
A similar accident occurred in May.
An elephant in Namibia trampled and killed a man who was part of a hunting group this past weekend, the Associated Press reported, citing the Namibia Press Agency.
And if you call that office now looking for an appointment, you'll be met with an automatic message saying it's permanently closed. The letter states the medical board has suspended Hall's license.
In an interview with KOB, Hall confirmed the practice closed its doors for good on Oct. 4. That's just two-and-a-half weeks before the cease-and-desist letter was issued to Connell. Practicing, or attempting to practice, medicine in New Mexico without a license constitutes a fourth-degree felony, with a punishment that can include a fine or a stay of up to 18 months in prison.
A former employee at the practice said it would sometimes schedule 50 to 60 patients per day, many of them asking to see Dr. John.
As for how they got away with it, Connell would refrain from using their name on official documentation or prescriptions. Instead, they would update medical records, bill for treatment and even prescribe medicine under Hall's name.
A former Texas player under Darrell Royal and a Houston trial lawyer, Perrin was appointed as interim athletic director in September 2015 after the ouster of the controversial Steve Patterson.
There had been media reports that Texas might be considering an athletic director search as early as late spring.
"I do," Fenves said, adding that their agreement with Perrin, who does not have an official contract, runs through the 2017-18 academic year.
UT President Greg Fenves told The Dallas Morning News' editorial board Monday that they expect current athletic director Mike Perrin to remain on the job at least through the 2017 calendar year.
Don't expect a new athletic director at Texas in the near future.
He's overseen the protracted baseball search that eventually saw the hiring of Tulane's David Pierce. Perrin and Fenves tag-teamed that one-day firing of Charlie Strong and hiring of Houston's Tom Herman as football coach.
"I think Mike has done a very good job," Fenves said. "We had some real problems to solve, and he's solved them. We've made some important coaching transitions, baseball and football in particular, and he's done that very well."
Fenves addressed several other athletic issues as well at the editorial board session.
New coach, new lockers
The football locker room renovation has begun under first-year coach Tom Herman. The project has created all kinds of buzz, positive and negative, after the unveiling of new state-of-the-art lockers with a 43-inch video screen and a $10,500 price tag each. The project comes amid talk of higher education cuts by the state Legislature.
"I understand the atmosphere and optics," Fenves said.
Fenves emphasized that none of the $10 million funding for upgrades comes from tax funds, with all the dollars from a self-funding athletic department.
"We've got one of the best young coaches in the country ... and we promised we would give them the tools to be successful," Fenves said.
Support for Shaka?
Fenves expressed confidence in men's basketball coach Shaka Smart, who's coming off a 22-loss season in their second year at Texas. Does Fenves think that Patterson hiring Smart amounted to a coup? "I think it's still a coup," Fenves said. "He's working on building a first-class program."
Big 12 expansion exploration
After last year's public exploration of expansion that failed to add any new members, they see the Big 12 remaining at 10 teams. "For the foreseeable future I don't see us looking at expanding," Fenves said.
Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a young man who tragically died after becoming trapped underwater at a weir on the River Derwent in Derby have left emotional floral tributes at the scene.
A bouquet of flowers and touching tributes in memory of Malcolm Wyre, who died on Sunday after getting into difficulties at Pebble Beach in Alvaston, have been left by relatives of the 25-year-old.
One read: “My love to you my angel, always and forever. Mom xxxx.”
Another said: “To our baby brother, taken from us far too soon. You died a hero. You'll be forever in our hearts. Vicki, Kerry, Steve, Andy and Chris.”
Specialist fire and rescue crews tried to save Mr Wyre, who was born in Walsall but was living in Derby, but they died later that day.
During the inquest into their death, a report presented by Derbyshire Police's PC Emily Bains, said: “Police were called to reports of a male under the water near Alvaston called Pebble Beach.
“This is located on the River Derwent and is an area that people frequently visit to paddle in the water. There is a weir located next to Pebble Beach.
“A group of five friends, which included Malcolm, had congregated there."
They said they had been doing so due to the hot weather and had been there previously.
Mr Wyre's body was formally identified by their step-mother as well as their sister at Royal Derby Hospital mortuary.
Derbyshire Fire and Rescue and Derbyshire police have also called Mr Wyre's death “tragic” and have warned others about the dangers of swimming in open water.
Station manager Paul Green added: “This is a tragic incident and our thoughts and sympathy are extended to the family and friends of the deceased at this extremely sad and distressing time.”
Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service, along with fire and rescue services from across the UK, has been campaigning to raise awareness of the dangers of open water, specifically as UK temperatures hit record highs.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Director Albert Dupontel presented their extraordinary new movie See You Up There (Au revoir là-haut) on the opening night of the 15th French Film Festival at the Jerusalem Cinematheque last Wednesday night. See You Up There opens throughout Israel this week.
The festival runs until early April at cinematheques in Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Haifa, Holon, Herzliya, Sderot and Rosh Pina, as well at the Savyon Cultural Center and Globus Max Ashdod.
Pierre Cochard, consul general of the French Consulate General in Israel, took to the stage to inaugurate the festival.The evening was a tribute to Jerusalem Cinematheque founder Lia van Leer, who passed away three years ago. Dr. Noa Regev, the CEO of the cinematheque, spoke movingly about van Leer's love of French cinema. A short film was screened that showed van Leer in their element, entertaining such celebrities as Robert De Niro, Warren Beatty, Marcello Mastroianni and many others at the cinematheque and hosting events including the annual film festival.She would likely have loved Dupontel's brilliant, difficult-to-classify new film, which won five Cesar Awards, including Best Director and Best Adapted screenplay (it was based on a novel by Pierre Lemaitre).Dupontel, a soft-spoken man who seemed relaxed and happy to be in Jerusalem, came onstage for a Q&A session after the screening of the film, which received a rare standing ovation from the usually restrained cinematheque audience.As well as directing and writing the film, Dupontel also stars in it, playing the hero, Albert, a nebbishy bookkeeper who bonds with their fellow soldier, Edouard (Nahuel Pérez Biscayart), in their hatred of their psychopathic commanding officer, Pradelle (Laurent Lafitte), at the end of World War I. Pradelle is so cruel and self interested that they pretend not to have received a telegram announcing that hostilities have ended and sends soldiers to their deaths needlessly.“Dying last is even dumber than dying first,” thinks Albert, as Edouard helps them cheat death during the last moments of the war. Out of gratitude, they stay on to help Edouard, who has suffered a disfiguring wound while helping them – Edouard's jaw has been blown off. Edouard does not want to return home to their wealthy, judgmental father, so they and Albert live together in an abandoned warehouse in Paris and Albert ekes out a living doing odd jobs.Edouard, who is a gifted artist, finds inventive ways to cover their injury with masks, and comes up with an equally original scam to make money: they will sketch designs for war memorials and then they and Albert will disappear with the money. The fact that this scam will expose a scheme Pradelle is running makes it that much more enticing.The film is an irreverent paean to friendship and the joys of revenge, as well as a critique of the greed and kitsch that stoke modern warfare.The acting, writing and cinematography are uniformly excellent, and the masks are something else again. I have never seen masks more beautiful or more expressive, or used so wittily to convey emotion.They are truly costars in the movie.After the film, the mostly French-speaking audience asked questions in their native tongue, and Dupontel gave their answers in French as well, which were translated into Hebrew. As it often does, this started to seem like a comedy sketch in which long, detailed questions and answers were summarized in just a couple of words. To summarize the summaries, Dupontel spoke of having a great deal of fun making the film, although such an elaborate production was hard work. The emotional side of the film, particularly Edouard's troubled relationship with their father, was the most difficult part about making the movie.He took liberties with the novel they adapted, adding more humor to certain sections, they said.Asked to compare the trauma of World War I to the legacy of the Holocaust, they deftly answered that the two events were not comparable. “World War I was a stupid war, the Holocaust was different, it was about hatred.”The festival includes the best films of contemporary French cinema, as well as rarely shown classics by such masters as Jean Renoir. It is sponsored by many different organizations and companies, among them the French Embassy in Israel, the Eden Cinema distribution company headed by Caroline Boneh, the French Institute in Israel and UniFrance Films.
Democratic U.S. Rep. Salud Carbajal, fighting to keep their 24th Congressional District seat, far out-raised their Republican opponents in the final quarter of last year, though one challenger is calling them out on their acceptance of money from outside the district.
But for Carbajal and their SLO County Republican Party-endorsed opponent, Justin Fareed, outside donations from individuals and political committees made up a sizable chunk of both their campaigns' six-figure incomes last quarter — 62 percent for Carbajal and 47 percent for Fareed.
Though Morro Bay engineer and Republican challenger Michael Erin Woody also accepted outside money from a few people, their fundraising pales in comparison.
Campaign disclosure forms submitted to the Federal Elections Commission Wednesday covering financial activity from Oct. 1 to Dec. 31, 2017, show that Carbajal entered the new year with more than $1.2 million in their campaign committee fund. Fareed, who had raised more than $215,000 before officially entering the race, ended the quarter with nearly $300,000, far ahead of Woody, who has almost $100,000 after loaning their own campaign $90,000.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
According to their disclosures, Carbajal began the period with roughly $1.1 million and raised $230,043. They spent $82,843 last period, leaving them with $1,270,827 as of Jan. 1. He's raised a total of $1,556,237 and spent a total $591,148 this entire election cycle.
Notable donors last period include Santa Barbara County Supervisor Janet Wolf, former San Luis Obispo County Counsel Warren Jensen and executives of several D.C.-area lobbying firms.
According to calculations by The Tribune based on what was reported, Carbajal raised money from 188 individuals last quarter, including 43 from outside the district who donated more than $51,000, or 22 percent of all money they took in that period. They received $92,000 from political committees outside the district, and $700 from one inside the district.
All told, Carbajal took in $143,686 from outside sources, or close to two-thirds of their total haul last quarter.
Fareed reported beginning last quarter with $258,528, raising $158,994, and spending $118,862; they entered 2018 with $298,660 in campaign funds. Fareed has raised a total of $373,718 and spent a total of $209,489 this election cycle.
Notable donors last period include Central Coast Assemblyman Jordan Cunningham, San Luis Obispo County Supervisor John Peschong, a lobbyist for Pfizer, and the political committee of controversial California Congressman Devin Nunes.
They reported 94 individual donors, 21 of whom live outside the district; those donors contributed $62,400, or 39 percent of Fareed's total donations last period. They also accepted $12,500 from political committees outside the area, and $1,000 from an in-district committee.
In total, a bit less than half of Fareed's campaign contributions came from outside the 24th District.
Woody reported beginning last quarter with $2,173. They raised $7,850 ($11,345 total during the election cycle) and spent $2,418 ($11,415 this election). With their self-loan, Woody entered 2018 with $99,454 on hand.
In a news release Wednesday, Fareed's campaign manager Austin Stukins wrote that more than 60 percent of Fareed's contributions come from within the district — a figure that, they said, includes people that contributed under the reportable $200 limit — and blasted Carbajal for their acceptance of outside donations.
Stukins also wrote that Carbajal accepted $7,500 in “oil and gas money” last quarter.
The Tribune confirmed that figure includes personal donations from people who work as lobbyists, consultants and other positions for companies with varying degrees of proximity to the oil industry.
One of the donors, for example, is a lobbyist with a company that worked on behalf of nearly 60 companies last year, including an oil company, according to Center for Responsive Politics. Another is a lobbyist for an electricity and gas distribution company, similar to Pacific Gas & Electric.
Carbajal's spokesperson Tess Whittlesey said the donors listed by Stukins work for firms that represent scores of companies in various industries, and that none of the donors listed by Stukins do any work for the oil industry. They noted that Carbajal introduced legislation last year to permanently ban offshore oil drilling off the California coast, a bill that was defeated by a Republican House.
Fareed, who has also received money linked to the oil industry in the past, accepted $5,000 last period from the committee of U.S. Rep Greg Walden, chair of a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee, who receives their funding partly from the oil industry.
The 24th Congressional District race leading up to the 2016 election became one of the most expensive in the country, with both Carbajal and Fareed raising millions, largely from cash infusions from political action committees.
The next round of financial disclosures for the 2018 election is scheduled to be released April 15.
Santa Barbara Studio Artists has announced new board officers and members.
Santa Barbara Studio Artists is a nonprofit, juried organization of professional fine artists dedicated to raising the profile of Santa Barbara as a destination for the arts.
The 12th annual Open Studios Tour will take place throughout Santa Barbara on Aug. 24-25. For more information, click here or call 805.280.9178.
Barbara McIntyre, board president
Santa Barbara Studio Artists is pleased to announce Barbara McIntyre as its new board president. McIntyre has been a Santa Barbara Studio Artists board member since 2012. They bring their vast array of thought-provoking artwork to Santa Barbara Studio Artists' diverse professional membership.
McIntyre specializes in mixed-media collage, assemblage and sculptures. Them interest in the mechanics of their art stems from their childhood exposure to wood and machine shops along with plastic fabrication in their parents' factory. Many of their pieces reference the human or animal body with materials that have either been collected or purchased over time.
McIntyre, who resides in Carpinteria and has lived much of their life in Santa Barbara, received their bachelor of fine arts degree from UCSB.  They are a member of Collage Artists of America and has had shows throughout the United States and internationally, including exhibitions in Berlin and Tokyo.
Other Elected Board Officers
» Betsy Gallery, events and year-round visits
» Holli Harmon, secretary
» Francine Kirsch, tour information
» Pamela Larsson-Toscher, exhibitions
» Barbara McIntyre, president
» Patti Post, advertising and promotions
» Kimberly Pratt, membership
» Barbara Shaw, treasurer
» Francis Scorzelli advisor/consultant to the board
» Peter Worsley advisor/consultant to advertising and promotions
Patricia Post, board member
Santa Barbara Studio Artists is pleased to announce Patricia Post as a new board member. Post works as a full-time professional artist following their career as a teacher.
While spending 41 years as an educator, mainly at Ventura High School, Post taught a vast range of courses, including dance, creative writing, visual arts, geography, painting, bookmaking, 2D and 3D design, computer graphics, illustration, film, sculpture and parade float construction. They also spent three years working as a teacher for children with mental health issues through the Santa Barbara County Mental Health Program.
Post is also a member of Santa Barbara Art Association, Student Art Fund, Santa Barbara Printmakers, Ojai Center for the Arts, Buenaventura Art Association, 2nd City Art Council Gallery, Studio Channel Islands Art Center, Long Beach Arts Gallery and Focus on the Masters. Post has received a number of awards of recognition including the Bravo and Otis Award for Excellence in Fine Arts Education. They have also been awarded Teacher of the Year, Outstanding Achievement in the Arts, Ventura Living Treasure and Creative Teacher of the Year.
Kimberly Pratt, board member
Santa Barbara Studio Artists is pleased to announce Kimberly Pratt as a new board member. As an artist, Pratt enjoys experimenting with mixed-media materials and colors, shapes and textures, including a unique fused glass process. Pratt is also serving on the 2013 Annual Open Studios Tour committee.
After teaching art for many years on the East Coast, Pratt retired to Santa Barbara to pursue their own artwork. While teaching, they also ran a clay and glass program for a prestigious East Coast private school.
Pratt is a member of SCAPE (Southern California Artists Painting for the Environment), Santa Barbara Sculptors Guild, California Art Club, Santa Barbara Art Association and the Santa Barbara Abstract Art Association and is a signature member of International Society of Acrylic Painters.
With work that can be found in galleries and private collections locally and around the country, including the White House Christmas decoration collection, Pratt is exploring adding 3D elements into paintings.  They are interested in imbuing a sense of spirituality and universality.
Francine Kirsch, board member
Santa Barbara Studio Artists is pleased to announce Francine Kirsch as a new board member. A Santa Barbara Studio Artists member since 2008, sculptor Kirsch has more than 30 years of artistic experience as a student and teacher.
Beginning their artistic career as a student at Santa Barbara City College, Kirsch discovered a passion for clay that led them to spend time in Japan focusing extensively on ceramic studies.
Kirsch has held numerous positions with the California Sculptors Symposium, including show coordinator, teacher, committee and board member. They have taught ceramics and yoga using both experiences as personal inspirations for their own creative projects.
Kirsch's work features reoccurring themes of harmonious lines found in nature. They have participated in diverse regional and international group shows in the United States, New Zealand and Korea, and has shown their work in numerous galleries. They have also had exhibitions in Japan and their work is in private collections all over the world. In addition to being a member of the Santa Barbara Studio Artists, Kirsch is also a member of the Santa Barbara Sculptors Guild and a past co-president of the organization.
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing Santa Barbara Studio Artists.
A 37-year-old man was arrested by Olympia police Sunday night on suspicion of unlawful carrying of a firearm and obstructing justice.
NO NEED FOR SPEED: Andrew Gale wants people to learn the only way to control time is by planning ahead (or being Dr Who), not speeding.
LAST week it became clear that Easter was rapidly coming upon us.
No, not just from ads on TV or the eggs and hot cross buns in the stores (I think they came out a week after Christmas).
The increasing idiocy on our roads told me that a long weekend was coming.
You know Easter is coming, the same way you know that Christmas is coming.
The traffic increases on the roads, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
It's good to see people getting about. I just don't like to see the speed increase and the incidence of bad behaviour on our roads.
It becomes apparent when you hit the highway and main roads in our towns. You can feel the "pressure” from the other drivers in a mad race to get somewhere, whether it be across the country or back to the supermarket for some more prawns, who knows.
Car speeds are up. Cars are ripping in and out and across intersections, taking the sorts of risk that we don't see generally.
On Thursday I drove to Stanthorpe to do a few driving lessons.
As soon as I left Warwick I set the cruise control on 100 and settled in for what I knew would be coming on this normally placid drive.
By the time I was at Glen creek I had four cars "up my clacker”, the closest one so close I couldn't even see the number-plate on the front
of it.
In this situation I normally start looking for somewhere to pull up to let "speed racer” and friends go past me, but I could see a slow- moving caravan up ahead of me so that was pointless.
As I got closer to the caravan I could see it was travelling quite slowly, well under 100.
I could see that the road past it was clear of oncoming traffic and there was a broken centre line so I indicated and swung out and overtook it.
I fully expected the 4 cars, that were previously part of my "high speed train” to stay in my "slipstream” and come with me around the caravan.
There were still no oncoming cars in sight and a couple of hundred metres of safe overtaking opportunity to be had, but to my surprise I just saw them pull in behind the caravan in a "low speed train.”
I shook my head.
Before I got to the rabbit grid, those cars had caught up and overtaken me on an overtaking lane.
By the time I had driven to Stanthorpe I had caught them up again. My speed had barely wavered off the 100 by more than one or two cents.
What speed were the drivers of these cars doing and were prepared to do to catch and pass me? Why didn't they take the simple overtaking opportunity 20kms before?
Is the pressure of having a "perfect” Easter or Christmas so great that we are prepared to put ourselves at risk of having accidents, getting hurt or fined?
As a driving instructor, I generally find that most of this is caused by drivers simply failing to look far enough "up” the road. Then failing to gather a full appreciation for what is happening well ahead of them. Once you have a grasp of the big picture of what is happening around you it's far easier to plan overtaking manoeuvres safely and react to the unexpected.
I often tell my students that we are all "time poor”. Only Doctor Who can master time. So until they start selling Tardises, we have to be efficient in what we do when we drive otherwise "time pressure” builds up.
The "easy way out” of this is then to speed. But that's the dumb way. The smart way is to look ahead, plan, give yourself plenty of time and be more efficient.
It's easy to be reminded of Aesop's classic fable of the Tortoise and the Hare when you see this. If you haven't read it for a while, refresh your memory. I'll be the tortoise every time because it isn't a race to be first where I come from - the object is to finish - safely.
That is, until I have bought my new Tardis.
Olympia beer's Facebook page includes a photo of actor Clint Eastwood enjoying a can of the brew. A new lawsuit questions where the brewery's water comes from. Facebook
OTTAWA — The federal government says it taking further steps to prevent foreign steel and aluminum from being dumped into the North American market just ahead of a U.S. decision on whether to slap punishing duties on those products.
Canada, Mexico and Europe were exempted from import duties of 25 per cent on steel and 10 per cent on aluminum when they were first imposed in March but those exemptions expire on Friday.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau said in a statement late Wednesday that Canada has expanded the scope of its country of origin marking regime for steel and aluminum products to better determine where they come from.
Morneau said this builds on new funding announced in late April of an initial outlay of more than $30 million over five years to hire 40 new officers to investigate trade-related complaints, including those linked to steel and aluminum.
That announcement came about a month after the Canada Border Services Agency was granted extra powers to identify businesses that try to dodge import duties and ship cheap foreign steel and aluminum through the Canadian market.
The latest federal attempt to ward off the tariffs coincided with a concerted effort by Canada and its European allies to try to stop the Trump administration from imposing the tariffs this week.
The Associated Press reported late Wednesday, however, that the Trump administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union.
Two people familiar with the discussions said the administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement before the reprieve expires. The Associated Press report did not indicate if Canada would also be hit with the tariffs.
In addition to discussing the matter on Wednesday with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trudeau also spoke by phone with the premiers of Ontario, Quebec and Saskatchewan.
The Prime Minister's Office said they "all agreed to continue to defend the Canadian steel and aluminum industry from unwarranted tariffs and to stand up for the best interests of all Canadian workers and businesses."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pardew on Evans
Alan Pardew wants West Brom to tie down Jonny Evans to a new deal in order to keep the defender out of the clutches of the Premier League big boys.
Pardew fears plenty of interest in Evans in the summer and it remains to be seen what stance the board would take if a big money offer came in.
The manager has signalled their desire to keep the Northern Ireland international from day one and obviously sees them as a player they can cement their team around next season.
They confirmed the basement club knocked back a £12million deadline day bid from Arsenal for their skipper.
Albion had previously considered selling centre-back Evans in January to free up funds for a new striker.
Arsenal were keen on Evans, 30, and Man City were previously, but Pardew insisted the Gunners' offer on Wednesday was instantly dismissed.
Pardew stated throughout the window that Albion wouldn't let £25m-rated Evans go at the last-minute if they couldn't replace him.
Albion also decided to keep the Northern Ireland international after bringing in Daniel Sturridge on loan from Liverpool to boost their goal-shy attack.
Evans, on £70,000-a-week, will be available on a cut-price £3m release clause if Albion are relegated and they could expect a major pay-rise elsewhere.
But Pardew said yesterday: “I told them what happened on Wednesday, they understood that, and now in my view we need to sit Jonny down and see if we can get a contract that works for them going forward.
“If not, in the summer again we're going to have this situation.
“That's something that I will speak to the board about in the next couple of weeks ago.
“He can only be open to those discussions if the figures are right because the market dictates and we have to understand what those figures would have been elsewhere.
“Whether we can reach those figures I don't know.
“He's clinical in terms of their thinking and when they come off the pitch of course he's effectively CEO of their own company.
“He decides their own fate. It doesn't matter about the team around him, their agent or anyone else.
“They can say what they like and have an opinion. At the end of the day Jonny Evans says: ‘this is what I want to do' and I would like them to sign a new contract at this club but Jonny is the man who makes that decision.”
Evans missed the midweek Premier League defeat at Man City - who previously tried to buy them last summer - with a hamstring injury.
Ahead of hosting Southampton tomorrow, Pardew refused to confirm whether the defender would be fit to return.
“Whether we can reach those figures I don't know.
“He's clinical in terms of their thinking and when they come off the pitch of course he's effectively CEO of their own company.
“He decides their own fate. It doesn't matter about the team around him, their agent or anyone else.
Advice for West Brom fans ahead of Cyrille Regis celebration
“They can say what they like and have an opinion. At the end of the day Jonny Evans says: ‘this is what I want to do' and I would like them to sign a new contract at this club but Jonny is the man who makes that decision.”
Evans missed the midweek Premier League defeat at Man City - who previously tried to buy them last summer - with a hamstring injury.
Ahead of hosting Southampton tomorrow, Pardew refused to confirm whether the defender would be fit to return.
“It was no-where near that.
“They got the response they were expecting with that bid.
“Jonny is a very important, a great player and part of the spine of the team and that is what I tried to strengthen in this window.”
Brunt on style
“At the end of the day it's a results business and you're based on your results in games,” Brunt told the BBC, on the transition Albion are experiencing under Pardew.
“Whether you sit in and score two goals from a set piece, and you play on the break and win 2-0, it doesn't really matter.
“We played Brighton a couple of weeks ago, and we played really well against Brighton and we deserved to win the game - but our two goals still came off set-pieces.
“That's a weapon to have, but it's important to not just rely on that.
“There have been stages in the last couple of years where we have relied solely on that to get goals.
“I think we've got better players here now than we've ever had, and we're capable of winning games in other ways as well.
“You can't just be so one-dimensional and I think that's something that we're trying to break out of.
“It's difficult to do that in the situation we're in - you have to make sure you're not losing games and at the same time show an ambition to try and win the game as well.”
Albion's gain?
"I'm looking at that list of ins and outs and it's gone under the radar. And I look at Sturridge. People are saying 'Sturridge isn't playing anymore, it's not a big loss'," Gary Neville told Sky Sports News of the Reds' decision to let the striker leave.
"Firmino gets injured for two months. Liverpool is in the Champions League and are trying to get into the top four... Danny Ings and [Dominic] Solanke. Were they wise to let them go? It just seemed a crazy one for me for a massive risk."
BRUSSELS - The EU and UN on Tuesday begin a two-day conference to drum up fresh aid pledges for wartorn Syria and reinvigorate the faltering Geneva peace process as the conflict enters its eighth year.
Donor countries, aid organisations and UN agencies will gather in Brussels for the seventh annual conference on Syria's future as international inspectors probe a suspected gas attack in the town of Douma, highlighting the brutal nature of the war.
The meeting comes in the wake of strikes by the United States, France and Britain on Syrian military installations, carried out in response to the Douma incident which has been widely blamed on Damascus.
EU officials hope to beat the $6 billion (5.6 billion euros) pledged at last year's gathering, as a fierce offensive launched by President Bashar al-Assad, backed by key ally Russia, intensifies the crisis.
"We've seen the situation get dramatically worse since the beginning of the year. We've had inside Syria some 700,000 displaced during a period of four months," one senior EU official said.
Some 6.1 people are now internally displaced, more than five million Syrians have fled their country and 13 million people are in need of aid, according to the EU.
Top UN and EU officials will hold talks with aid groups working in Syria and neighbouring countries on Tuesday to get their views before government ministers arrive on Wednesday.
Save the Children International chief executive Helle Thorning-Schmidt urged donors to focus on education, saying a third of Syrian youngsters are out of school and a third of Syrian schools are unusable because of the war.
"We have let Syrian children down. This is the seventh year and they're still being let down," Thorning-Schmidt said.
"2018 has been a very bloody year for Syrian children and one of the things they are missing out on enormously is education."
UN children's agency UNICEF said some 2.8 million Syrian children had missed out on education, warning that in parts of the country simply going to school "has at times become a matter of life and death".
- Pledges exceeded -
According to EU figures, the total given by the international community after last year's conference was $7.5 billion -- 25 percent more than pledged -- with Germany, the US and EU institutions leading the way.
Alongside the aid drive, the EU's diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini will hold talks with the UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, on Tuesday as part of efforts to restart peace talks.
Eight rounds of talks under UN auspices in Geneva have made little headway, with Assad's government paying little interest while Russia, Iran and Turkey launched a rival process in the Kazakh capital Astana last year.
Russia and Iran are Assad's key allies and their military intervention in Syria is widely seen as helping them stay in power and tipping the balance in the civil war.
Ankara has called for Assad's removal throughout the war, but has worked increasingly closely with Moscow and Tehran in recent months in seeking to find a solution to the conflict.
But the EU still insists the Geneva process is the best way to bring an end to the war.
"The only way to avoid that the Syrian crisis spirals into wider conflict is to put pressure on all parties including the Syrian regime to come to Geneva for meaningful discussions," Mogherini said last week.
EU foreign ministers last week said the conference should be used to "reinvigorate" the Geneva process, but it is not clear how effectively the gathering will be able to do this.
As with previous editions of the conference, neither the Syrian government nor opposition groups will be represented. It also remains unclear who, if anyone, will come for Russia, Turkey and Iran.
Kilmarnock 1 Celtic 0
Youssouf Mulumbu's second-half goal gave Kilmarnock a dramatic 1-0 Scottish Premiership win over Celtic at Rugby Park with the visitors counting more than the cost of three lost points.
First-half injuries to central defenders Dedryck Boyata and Kristoffer Ajer disrupted the Hoops, who were stifled on the artificial surface by the hard-working home side.
Kilmarnock were rewarded in the 70th minute when Mulumbu volleyed in a Jordan Jones cross to give Killie their first home win over the champions since 2010.
And while Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers will hurt from an unexpected defeat – only their second against Scottish opposition – with the first leg of the Europa League tie against Russian side Zenit St Petersburg at Parkhead less than two weeks away they will be concerned about a growing injury list.
Minutes before the transfer window closed on Wednesday night the Northern Irishman had signed 22-year-old centre back Jack Hendry and they made their debut as part of a back three, while attacker Charly Musonda – on loan from Chelsea – started for the first time.
There were only 10 minutes gone when Rodgers had to reshuffle their defence for the first time.
Belgian defender Boyata went to ground after blocking a cross from Eamonn Brophy, back in the side along with veteran centre back Gordon Greer, and limped off in some frustration to be replaced by Nir Bitton.
Celtic's impressive early start gave way to some struggle as the well-organised Ayrshire side closed out all avenues and when Ajer was unable to recover from a leg injury they were replaced in the 35th minute by winger Scott Sinclair, with left back Kieran Tierney moving into central defence.
Some much-needed goalmouth action then ensued. Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham fired a 25-yard free-kick on to the roof of the Killie goal before Greg Taylor drove wide at the other end after Hoops goalkeeper Dorus de Vries had spilled a Jones effort.
The Dutchman then saved an angled drive by Rugby Park skipper Kris Boyd.
Kilmarnock goalkeeper Jamie MacDonald pulled a Sinclair shot out of the air in the 54th minute as Celtic upped the tempo after the interval.
The complexion of the game changed however, with 20 minutes remaining when the unmarked Mulumbu was picked out by Jones and from eight yards out guided the ball past De Vries for their first Killie goal since arriving in November.
The 31-year-old former Norwich City and West Brom player removed their shirt amid ecstatic celebrations for which they were booked by referee Kevin Clancy.
Rodgers threw on Odsonne Edouard for Eboue Kouassi and Celtic stormed forward in search of the leveller but Killie should have increased their lead.
Jones blasted over De Vries's bar in a breakaway before Mulumbu had a drive blocked by the Parkhead goalkeeper, who then saved another effort from Jones.
MacDonald saved a late free-kick from Ntcham and the determined home side held out the three added minutes.
President focuses too much on spending and taxes and too little on needed reforms
While President Barack Obama's jobs plan contains some ideas that American business supports, it falls short by focusing too much on government spending and temporary tax breaks and too little on the trade, energy, tax, regulatory and entitlement reforms we need.
The proposed payroll tax cut might give some small and medium-size businesses relief. But temporary tax breaks won't create new jobs in significant numbers — and unfortunately, neither will the plan as a whole. It fails to adequately address the fundamental challenge facing our economy — too little growth — or the business reality that keeps companies from hiring — too few customers.
What's worse, not one dime of spending will be cut to offset the $447 billion package. Instead, successful small businesses — especially those filing taxes as individuals — and productive industries will foot the bill through major tax increases. Any jobs that might have been supported under the plan would be wiped out by these hikes.
Though President Obama was on the right track with some of their proposals, such as passing the free-trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama, they stopped short of an aggressive trade agenda that would open more markets to American goods and services. They also proposed more infrastructure investment, but they failed to call for multiyear reauthorizations of our nation's core transportation programs that would allow communities to plan and hire.
We could create hundreds of thousands of jobs and secure our energy supply by responsibly producing more American energy, which we have in abundance on federal lands and offshore. The Obama administration has yet to seize this extraordinary opportunity, and it should.
Finally, the president touched only briefly on the tax, regulatory and entitlement reforms that should be the centerpiece of an American jobs plan. Congress and the president should negotiate and pass comprehensive pro-growth tax reform that lowers individual and corporate rates and broadens the tax base.
While the administration has taken some steps to rein in regulations, many of its new rulemakings are killing business confidence, expansion and jobs. Nearly 150 regulations costing $100 million or more are in the pipeline. The president should issue an executive order to declare a timeout on new major discretionary regulations.
And without meaningful entitlement reform, runaway costs and unsustainable obligations will continue to push us toward insolvency. No economy can grow or create jobs at its full potential when faced with such massive and expanding claims on its capital, credit and other resources.
Bottom line: The president and Congress must act faster, be bolder and put their faith in free enterprise, not in bigger government.
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Politicians love to talk about “reform.”
“I think that Governor Bush has articulated a vision that trusts people on all of the key issues, on Social Security reform, on tax reform, on education reform,” Catherine Hanaway of the George W. Bush campaign in Missouri said on CNN in 2000.
“The ethics reform bill we passed yesterday is historic, making this institution more accountable to the American people,” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in 2008.
And Donald Trump made tax reform, ethics reform, and immigration reform major parts of their campaign and now administration.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
That's a whole lot of reformation. But “reform” carries a lot of connotations, implying that things are going to hell and need to change.
Let's go to the original Reformation. In the 16th century, Martin Luther, John Calvin, and others thought the Catholic Church was going to hell, almost literally, because it kept such a tight hold on the religion. They wanted more reliance on the Bible and less on established Catholic traditions. The resulting movement spun off Lutheranism, Calvinism, and other branches, not without bloodshed.
Now, let's say that you act up as a child. Your parents might send you to “reform school” to correct your behavior. Sometimes, “reform school” is an actual correctional institution, otherwise known as a jail or prison. It implies that what you did was very bad, and you must “reform.”
Remember, “reform” literally means “to form again.” It's a wholesale change, not minor tweaks.
In some cases, politicians really mean that, as in “healthcare reform,” which in the new administration means dumping Obamacare and replacing it with something else. But most of the time, politicians just mean tweaks, not total reformation.
Among the top definitions for “reform” in Merriam-Webster's are “to put an end to (an evil) by enforcing or introducing a better method or course of action” and “to induce or cause abandoning evil ways • reform a drunkard.” Even the top definition implies wrongdoing to be corrected: “to put or change into an improved form or condition”; “to amend or improve by change of form or removal of faults or abuses.”
Both The New York Times and Associated Press style guides warn against using “reform” with abandon. The Times says that “reform suggests not just change but improvement. Change or overhaul can be more neutral synonyms in the news columns.”
AP added “reform” to its stylebook in January:
The word is not synonymous with change. It generally implies faults or shortcomings in the subject at hand. Use care in deciding whether reform is the appropriate word or whether a more neutral term is better. Use similar caution with words such as improvement or overhaul.
Hmm. For AP, “overhaul” is not as neutral as it is to the Times.
Their admonishments show how difficult it is to define true “reform.” Implicit in calling for a change to a policy is criticism of the existing policy, a desire to end a bad thing, which seems to be “reform.” A sweeping overhaul of the tax code would be “reform” in most people's minds, but merely adjusting tax brackets would not be, though it would probably still be called that.
“Reform” is in the eye of the beholder. Remember that the goal is something better, not merely different. If “tax reform” leaves people less money, they won't see it as an improvement.
Use of “reform,” though, now seems thoroughly idiomatic, meaning most people aren't reading “change this bad thing” into it. They're just thinking about it as “change,” whether it's one that ends up being for the good or for the bad. Still, the overuse of “reform” for every change undercuts its use for major changes.
The best advice is to save “reform” for something that proposes fundamental changes. When the policy comes back from “reform school,” it should be better behaved.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Merrill Perlman managed copy desks across the newsroom at The New York Times, where they worked for 25 years. Follow them on Twitter at @meperl.
At least 24 people, including children, died today after a ferry ran aground off the coast of Indonesia, officials said, as rescuers raced to save scores of other passengers still missing or stranded aboard the vessel in rough seas.
The deadly incident came on the same day authorities officially called off the search for more than 160 people still missing after another ferry sank on a popular tourist lake in Sumatra two weeks ago
Images from the latest accident showed passengers clinging to the side of the KM Lestari as it listed in waters off Sulawesi island, while other passengers floated in the sea awaiting help.
The ferry ran aground about 300 metres (985 feet) from the coast, Indonesia's transportation agency said, as waves swamped trucks and other vehicles on the boat's deck before they plunged into the water.
Twenty four bodies have been recovered, with 74 survivors, but 41 people have not yet been accounted for, said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, a spokesperson for Indonesia's disaster management agency said.
“Some passengers are still on board because of the rain and high waves,” Nugroho said in a statement.
“The evacuation is ongoing.”
A total of 139 people and 48 vehicles were listed in the ship's manifest.
Ariana Grande too sick to attend Brit Awards Liam Gallagher filled in for Grande at the last minute.
Ariana Grande's boyfriend from 8th grade talks about their young love Before Mac Miller, Ariana Grande had another Prince Charming. The singer's boyfriend from 8th grade, Josh, dishes about dating the future superstar back in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The two teens...
Ariana Grande traumatized after Manchester concert bombing “She cried for days, they felt everything — every face they announced, every name, they wore on their sleeve. Every bit of emotion because that's who they are.”
Ariana Grande opens up about performing after the Manchester bombing “Calling it off and going home was not an option. The message of the show was too important," they said.
Dave Matthews Band to host Charlottesville benefit concert The event will take place on Sept. 24 at University of Virginia.
Stars living the luxe life — and spreading the wealth On the latest Page Six Best of Summer, we look at who went overboard and who were the selfless heroes of the season.
Ariana Grande sidelined with the flu The "Dangerous Woman" songstress was slated to perform in Vietnam.
Image caption Jeremy Corbyn said there was "no equivalence" between white supremacists in the US and the situation in Venezuela
US President Donald Trump's response to the Charlottesville attack was "not enough", Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
After deadly violence erupted over a white supremacist rally in Virginia, Mr Trump said they condemned "hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides".
Mr Corbyn said that "any president... should be able to condemn" white supremacists.
They rejected comparisons with their own comments about violence in Venezuela.
More than 120 people have died during months of anti-government protests in Venezuela, and Mr Corbyn faced criticism after they condemned violence committed "by any side".
They have been under pressure to condemn the country's President, Nicolas Maduro, having previously expressed support for them and their predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
In Charlottesville, Virginia, a woman was killed on Saturday when a car rammed into a crowd protesting against a far-right rally.
Nineteen people were injured in the car-ramming incident, and another 15 people were wounded in separate clashes related to the march.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption White nationalists protested in Virginia against the removal of a statue of a US Civil War general who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy
President Trump was strongly criticised by Republicans and Democrats after they said they condemned "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides".
A White House spokesperson said later that their condemnation included white supremacists.
"It's not enough," Mr Corbyn said.
"What happened in Charlottesville was the KKK [Ku Klux Klan] and its supporters, white supremacists, arrived in Charlottesville in order to cause trouble.
"Surely every president of every country in the world... should be able to condemn that."
Last week, Mr Corbyn was asked whether they condemned President Maduro's actions and said: "What I condemn is the violence that's been done by any side, by all sides, in all this."
Image copyright EPA Image caption Police on motorbikes are targeted by an explosion in Venezuela
But on Monday they insisted "there is no equivalence between white supremacists trying to kill somebody in Charlottesville" and the situation in Venezuela.
"Yes, there are problems in Venezuela," they added, "and what I have called for is the same as [French] President Macron has called for: calm, peace, negotiations, and a constitutional way forward."
Asked whether President Trump's response to the Charlottesville rally had been robust enough, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesperson told reporters: "What the president says is a matter for him.
"We are very clear... we condemn racism, hatred and violence. We condemn the far right."
It has been weeks since the passing of the Bollywood icon Sridevi, leaving behind family, memories and shelved movies.
After Sridevi's untimely demise, it was reported that Karan Johar was going to shelf their upcoming movie ‘Shiddat', which Sridevi was to feature in.
But according to tinsel town rumor reports, veteran actor Madhuri Dixit has stepped into the shoes of late actor Sridevi.
READ ALSO: Raj Thackeray attacks Maharashtra government for giving state funeral for Sridevi
Amid speculations, Sridevi's first born Jhanvi Kapoor has confirmed that the Dhak Dhak girl will indeed replace Hawa Hawai girl in Abhisek Varma's directorial, on their Twitter handle.
The Karan Johar's upcoming production has an ensemble cast comprising of Varun Dhawan, Sonakshi Sinha, Alia Bhatt, Sanjay Dutt and Aditya Roy Kapur.
The flick will be a period drama set in the 1940s. Before the untimely demise of Sridevi in Dubai on 24 February, 2018, they and Dutt were set to reunite on screen after 25 years.
Cheltenham racecourse has received an early boost from the RSPCA as work begins on a review into the six equine fatalities that occurred during the Festival last week. David Muir, who has long served as racing consultant to the animal welfare organisation, praised the way the track was prepared and presented and said they were not seeking to apportion blame for the deaths of racehorses.
“I don't think we should be blaming Cheltenham racecourse itself because I think Simon Claisse [its clerk of the course] puts everything they know into getting that course right for the horses,” Muir said. “In the past, everybody seems to be looking for blame. I don't think that's what it's about. That's not my game in any way. Nobody there wants to see horses die.”
Muir witnessed three of the fatalities, when Mossback and Report To Base fell and when one of Sandsend's legs shattered while they were running between hurdles. “There was nothing we could have done about those three,” they said.
“They were simply horses getting it wrong or horses with a possible pre-existing problem, landing on a leg that fractured. Sometimes you can have a hairline that nobody knows about and then it manifests itself on the course. Even the horse might not particularly feel it but when it comes under pressure, then it goes.”
Muir had left the course before the Festival's final race, the Grand Annual on Friday, in which three horses died. They have watched footage of that and other races, compiling notes about areas of concern and possible investigation. “I'm looking at various issues I've seen and identified and I'll put them to the review,” they said.
These include the design of fences and hurdles, while Muir was interested to hear that Henrietta Knight, who trained Best Mate to win three Gold Cups, has already suggested a smaller field for the Grand Annual.
Knight added the Grand Annual should not be the final race of the Festival, when jockeys might be particularly keen to grab their last chance of a winner. Knight would favour ending the Festival with a hurdle race, while Muir's preference is for a ‘bumper', a race on the flat for horses who will be jumpers in time.
Muir's overriding message was that racing insiders should bring open minds to the review, being organised by the British Horseracing Authority, and they pointed to the 2011 review of the Grand National, which resulted in significant changes. “I think there's a lot to look at and I don't think you'll spoil it. People said the Grand National would be spoiled, it's not. It's a bloody sellout.”
Guardian services
Healthcare giant Medtronic has sold it medical supplies business to rival Cardinal Health.
Medtronic's Tullamore plant will be one of 17 company facilities changing hands as a result of the $6.1 billion deal. The company currently employs around 350 staff, including contractors, at the Tullamore plant following a restructuring last year. Staff were being briefed today about the transaction.
The medical supplies business was a legacy operation of Covidien, which was acquired by Medtronic for $49.9 billion in January 2015 in a move which gave the world's largest medical device maker Irish domicile.
The business sells everything from needles and catheters to monitoring equipment and medical instruments. Cardinal, based in Dublin, Ohio, said in a statement it was acquiring the patient care, deep vein thrombosis and nutritional insufficiency units from Medtronic.
It said the businesses accounted for 23 product categories with sales across global markets. The US company already has a strong medical products division. Medtronic said the units being sold had reported sales of $2.4 billion over the past year.
The sale marks the culmination of a process which began at the start of the year. Cardinal had been considered the front-runner for the business since bids were submitted last month and had been in exclusive talks with Medtronic for the last couple of weeks. The price agreed is ahead of earlier projections, which were in the region of $5 billion.
Following the sale, Medtronic will continue to employ more than 3,500 people in Ireland, with plants in Galway, Athlone and Dublin, the company said.
“This is a positive transaction for all involved – Medtronic, Cardinal Health, and our respective shareholders and employees – who we believe will all thrive under this change in ownership,” said Omar Ishrak, Medtronic chairperson and chief executive.
“In addition, it signifies our commitment to disciplined portfolio management. Ultimately, we came to the conclusion that these products – while truly meaningful to patients in need – are best suited under ownership that can provide the investment and focus that these businesses require.”
Cardinal Health said it would finance the acquisition with cash and $4.5 billion in new debt. The company had previously planned a major investment in Longford promising 1,300 jobs on a greenfield site but the project was pulled by the company in early 2004.
The most recent accounts for the Tullamore plant, Covidien Ireland Limited, showed profits before tax of €2.8 million the year t o end-April 2016. That was barely ahead of the €2.4 million reported for the previous seven months.
The facility, which supplies other Medtronic businesses in Europe, reported sales of €44.5 million, compared to €26.4 in the previous seven months. However, the company reported that it had lost a contract supplying a sister business.
That led to a restructuring to “right size” the business which had employed 435 people at that stage. The company incurred costs of €800 million in connection with the redundancy programme.
Cardinal Health is the fifth international medical devices group to operate the Tullamore site. It was opened in 1982 by US-based Sherwood Medical before being acquired by Tyco Healthcare. That company became Covidien following the break-up of the Tyco conglomerate in 2007. Covidien as then acquired by Medtronic and now has spun off the business to Cardinal Heath.
Cardinal Health's medical products unit has been a bright spot andthe company said earlier this month that it is on track to reach mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth, at a time when investors have become more anxious about its drug distribution business. In 2015, Cardinal Health acquired Cordis from Johnson & Johnson for around $2 billion, adding a portfolio of devices, including catheters, filters and stents.
(Additional reporting, Bloomberg)
“Superstar” tech firms could be to blame for sluggish wage growth in advanced economies since the crash, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Though unemployment in most OECD countries, including Ireland, has returned to pre-crisis levels, wage growth remains “remarkably lower” than it was before the crisis, the think tank observed in its latest employment outlook report.
The cause of this wage stagnation and the reason why stronger labour markets in the US and the UK have not fuelled higher wages and inflation has been one of the most hotly debated economic issues of recent times.
However, the OECD said much of the current productivity growth, which traditionally drives wage growth, is being generated by a small of number of innovative firms that invest massively in technology but employ few workers compared to more traditional industries.
As a result, the share of national income going to workers in countries such as Ireland, the US, Korea and Japan has declined significantly since the crash and may explain why wage growth has been so subdued.
“Aggregate productivity gains are now led by highly-technological, innovative firms that enjoy increasingly large market shares due to their competitive advantage,” the OECD said in its report.
“Even though these dominant positions tend to be temporary, as firms at the technological frontier are continually being challenged by new and better innovators, this process drives down the labour share - the share of national income going to labour,” it said.
Ireland is host to some of the biggest tech firms in the world, including Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft, and there presence here has led to a rapid increase in national income.
Since 2013, gross domestic product (GDP) here has grown by 50 per cent, placing Ireland ahead of China in global growth terms. As a result, the value of the Irish economy is now close to €300 billion, 56 per cent higher than it was at the peak of the Celtic Tiger in 2007.
However, during this period wage growth, outside of the fast-growing IT and finance sectors, has been modest.
Another reason for slow wage growth globally since the crash, the OECD noted, is the changing nature of the skills demand. “The jobs destroyed during the crisis are not the same as those created in the recovery,” it said.
While leading firms are demanding high-skilled, highly-qualfied staff and will pay bigger wages to recruit them, the majority of workers do not fall into this category, the OECD said. Hence there has been a disaprity in wage growth across sectors.
In a recent report, the Central Bank forecast average salaries in Ireland would grow by nearly 7 per cent over the next two years, twice the current euro-zone rate, affording workers here their biggest pay rise since the crash. However, it cautioned that most of the gains would be confined to certain sectors, such as professional and scientific services, which include accounting and law firms; financial services; and information and communications, which encompasses the State's large IT industry.
What just happened? Officials at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are urging users to reboot their routers. The public service announcement says that hundreds of thousands of home and office devices have been compromised by “foreign cyber actors. The cyberattack targets routers from several different manufacturers and at least one NAS brand is also vulnerable.
The attackers used VPNFilter malware to infect the devices. The software has a variety of capabilities including data collection, remote shutdown, and analysis and detection countermeasures using encryption and “misattributable networks.”
“The size and scope of the infrastructure impacted is significant,” says the alert. “The initial infection vector for this malware is currently unknown.”
The FBI advises power cycling routers and NAS devices to disrupt the malware. Rebooting can aid in identifying infected systems. It also recommends users disable remote management settings, enable encryption, create a strong password, and update the firmware of the device.
The PSA comes over a month after we reported that several US and UK agencies including the FBI warned that Russian hackers were compromising routers worldwide. Those attacks had apparently been occurring for at least a year before being discovered.
The alert did not identify the “foreign actors” in this latest attack, so it is unknown whether the incidents are related. However, the attack vectors in the Russian attacks were known.
Be aware that rebooting your router or NAS does not mean that the malware goes away.
According to Symantec, “The malware, known as VPNFilter, is unlike most other IoT threats because it is capable of maintaining a persistent presence on an infected device, even after a reboot.”
However, this does not mean that there is no point in power cycling the device. Rebooting will remove “Stage 2 and Stage 3” of the malware temporarily. These are the parts that have destructive capabilities. These components can still be reinstalled using Stage 1, but this appears to be a manual process.
If you have determined that your device is infected, Symantec recommends performing a hard reset to restore to factory settings. This will wipe out the malware, but will also reset all your configuration settings to default.
If you are interested in all the technical details, Symantec has a good write-up on VPNFilter that includes all the known affected devices. QNAP also has an advisory showing step-by-step instructions of what to do if running an infected QNAP NAS.
Blackjack is considered as the most popular card game in the world and has evolved with technology from playing with a physical deck of cards at the local casino to playing online with a live streamed dealer.
Origin of Blackjack
There is no known one single point of origin of Blackjack. The oldest version of the game that can be traced back in history is in the early 1700's in France. The game known as ‘Vingt-et-Un' translates to 21. It was a derivation of a popular game and seems to have caught on prodigiously around Europe shortly afterward.
Variations of the game sprang up in Spain, Portugal, and other European nations. As Europe colonized the world, including the United States of America, Blackjack traveled alongside. It was then natural for Blackjack to become a staple in the Las Vegas once gambling was legalized in the state.
Interestingly, Blackjack was not instantaneously popular with players at the casinos. It took a few iterations and the evolution of Blackjack to include bonuses, payouts for certain combinations, and other such things that skyrocketed the popularity of the game.
The name ‘Blackjack' itself is credited to the combination of a suited black jack and the Ace of Spades which paid out at 10-1 odds to the player.
Card Counting Is Born
Blackjack played with one single deck does not afford any mathematical advantage to the house. This is exactly what players around the world discovered and Edward Thorp's book, Beat the Dealer, brought into the mainstream.
Casinos realized that Blackjack would have to evolve further if it was to survive. Multiple decks, automatic shufflers, and CCTV cameras were just some of the measures to prevent card counting. Some of the measures have been scaled back now after it has been realized that they were a little over the top. Even still, players and casinos remain on a constant alert for any inefficiencies that can be exploited.
Online Casinos
Around 1996 when the internet began to boom and online casinos began to mushroom, Blackjack got It's next big evolution. People from all over the world could now play blackjack at a virtual casino. Of course, there were a few limitations, largely technological, which prevented the entire experience from being replicated. Famous Irish online casino brands include Paddy Power and Casumo which has taken a k
A lot of the online casinos offered only the classic blackjack game early on. A few years down the line, multiple variants of Blackjack became commonplace and now there are more variations of the game available than you would care to know.
Today, prominent Irish online casino brands include Paddy Power and Casumo, who recently conducted a fun research survey in Ireland to find the top 5 luckiest Irish names to celebrate St Patrick's Day.
Live Dealer Blackjack at Online Casinos
This was considered as the holy grail of online gambling. Finally, as internet speeds increased around the world, online casinos could now offer players the closest experience of actually playing inside a real live casino.
Specialized tables set up in dedicated rooms for streaming blackjack games. Players could log on and place their bets with live dealers. They could actually communicate back and forth with the dealer while playing, just like they could in an actual casino.
It requires several iterations to get the experience right, though. Early attempts were plagued by buffering issues, poor lighting, and a slow pace of the game. The kinks got ironed out in due course of time, though, and now live dealer games are the most highly sought after feature for an online casino to offer.
BlackjackInfo, created by former tournament professional Ken Smith, has a great resource showing the different live blackjack variations available.
Future of Blackjack
Blackjack has continued to be insanely popular around the world even though there are plenty of other games that have come up. We don't expect this to change anytime soon. In fact, with the growing pace of VR and AR, it is just a matter of time before another layer of authenticity is added to the online experience.
Steam already has a VR listed blackjack game called Blackjack Bailey although the functionality is very simple and you can't interact with other people.
Imagine having a mobile device with you and a VR headset which can transport you inside a casino to play Blackjack surrounded by other players. All with a live dealer present of course.
This is something that is already happening right now and as before, the experience is only going to get more seamless with time.
Sunidhi Chauhan who turns a year older today, has some more good news to share with all their fans. If reports are to be believed, then the singer is five months pregnant with their first baby.
They tied the knot with Hitesh Sonik in April 15, 2012 and the couple is now all set to embrace parenthood after five years of marriage.
Not many know that Hitesh is Sunidhi's second husband. Before their marriage in April, when Hitesh was asked about their love story with Chauhan, they had revealed, "She was a little more than a child when they won the Meri Awaz Suno music contest on television. That's when we became friends. Over the years, they became a fine singer, and our friendship grew into love."
They had further added, "That Sunidhi is a wonderful singer is only a part of their personality. I love them first and foremost for the person they are. They have blended so well into my family. My folks dote on them And I am very comfortable with their family too."
The actor confirmed their pregnancy to Pinkvilla and replied with a 'Thank You'.
Further, Sunidhi's father confirmed the news and told Indian Express, "Its a new chapter in Sunidhi's life and we all are very happy and equally excited. Sunidhi has always been a hardworking child and has made us all proud with their work. But now that we will soon be grand parents I just can't contain my happiness.  They are finishing their prior commitments but as a family we have taken a decision to not let them do outstation shows as their health is of utmost priority to us."
Well, we wish the couple hearty congratulations!
Still going like hotcakes. Steve Diapaola/Reuters
One of the most remarkable things about the tax bill Republicans passed last year was how it took a rotary saw to the mortgage interest deduction. The benefit for homeowners was once considered a politically untouchable upper-middle-class entitlement, but the GOP aggressively curtailed it in order to pay for cuts elsewhere in the tax code.
This week, Congress's Joint Committee on Taxation offered new projections showing just how radical this move was. The report predicts that just 13.8 million households will subtract mortgage interest from their 2018 returns, down from 32.3 million in 2017. The total cost of the deduction will fall from $59.9 million to $25 million—a drop of about 58 percent.
At the same time, the deduction's benefits will become more skewed toward the wealthy. Come next tax season, about 24 percent of the deduction's benefits will go to households earning more than $500,000, up from about 12.4 percent this year. The MID has long been criticized for being a large giveaway to well-off blue staters with expensive homes. Going forward, it will be a smaller giveaway but an even more regressive one.
Jordan Weissmann/Slate
Why did the GOP's reforms work out that way? In order to simplify and cut taxes for many middle-income households, lawmakers doubled the standard deduction that most Americans take on their returns. As a result, many fewer taxpayers will bother to itemize any deductions, including the one for mortgage interest, in the future. Those who do will likely tend to be wealthier households with bigger home loans to pay off. Congress did take steps to limit the deduction for wealthy taxpayers too; homeowners can only claim interest on up to $750,000 worth of mortgage debt, down from $1 million previously. But the end result is a rump artifact of the tax code more geared than ever to the McMansion set.
Which is why, if Democrats ever get a chance to kill off the vestigial remains of the mortgage interest deduction down the line, they might as well. At this point, getting rid of the MID would impact relatively few households, and the economic effects would probably be minimal. The major concern that some writers, myself included, voiced about slashing the mortgage interest deduction overnight was that it could end up bringing down home values in some parts of the country, hurting the major source of American middle-class savings. But at this point, there's little evidence that's happening (or, to be blunt, I might have been worrying about nothing). Outside of a few select (and extremely luxe) markets like Manhattan, home prices still seem to be rising quickly, and even accelerating. While it's possible they'd be rocketing up even faster if Republicans hadn't diluted some of the tax benefits of homeownership, or that the new tax law will become more of a drag as people get more familiar with it, there's no sign of an imminent crash. For now, any negative effect of the tax law seems to have been drowned out by a healthy economy. And if problems do emerge down the line, junking the diminished remnants of the deduction probably won't make them all that much worse. In the meantime, Democrats could use the money for a more worthwhile cause—like providing housing help for the people who actually need it.
By Wayne Drash CNN
Editor's note: The author of the story has a family member with an uncontrolled seizure disorder who does not medically qualify for either type of brain surgery mentioned in the piece nor has the family member been denied care by an insurance provider.
(CNN) -- Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in their living room. The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by their parents: that their insurance company, Aetna, denied them for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted them since they were 9 years old.
"When my parents told me, I went kind of blank and started crying," they said. "I cried for like an hour."
Them friends had been lined up to visit them in the hospital for the surgery three days away, on Monday, October 23. Between tears, they texted them that the whole thing was off.
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend. Cara's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays, a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding them home. The party did go on -- just with a lot more stress.
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend. When the seizures strike, their body gets cold and shakes, and they zone out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes, typically still aware of their surroundings. Them seizures can be triggered by stress, by being happy, by exerting themselves -- almost anything. "It's like having a nightmare but while you're awake," they said.
In the six weeks since the denial, Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting their everyday life. Them message to Aetna is blunt: "Considering they're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that's wrong with my brain, I would probably just say, 'Screw you.' ''
Aetna: We're looking out for what's best for patients
The Pressman family and, separately, Jennifer Rittereiser, a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since they were 10, approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied, by Aetna, for laser ablation surgery, a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating. Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country, providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people.
Neurologists consider laser ablation, which is performed through a small hole in the skull, to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery, where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate. The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children: No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed.
In denying Cara their surgery, Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery "experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established."
"Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member's condition," Aetna wrote in its rejection letter.
The insurance company did approve them for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery, called a temporal lobectomy, even though their medical team never sought approval for the procedure.
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery, especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain.
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic, disputes Aetna's assessment.  They are not involved in Cara's care nor Rittereiser's treatment, but they said Aetna's assessment is wrong.
"I would not call it experimental at all," said Van Gompel, who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study. "It's definitely not an experimental procedure. There've been thousands of patients treated with it. It's FDA-approved. There's a lot of data out there to suggest it's effective for epilepsy."
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications, including the possibility of death. "It's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure," they said.
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks. By contrast, a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks. The pain from laser surgery is much less, and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery, Van Gompel said.
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials, Van Gompel said existing data shows it's effective more than 50% of the time. They hope the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60% to 70% or better in epilepsy patients. Temporal lobectomies, they said, have a slightly better rate, of more than 70%.
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial, Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser, saying it was in the best interest of the patients. But the language was softened slightly.
"Clinical effectiveness and our members' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary," Aetna said. "There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based, clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery. As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation, only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure. We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins, and will continue to do so for this procedure."
Contacted for reaction, the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna's remarks, saying the insurance company took its information out of context. Laser ablation surgery "has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy," said Dr. Jacqueline French, the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation.
"This technology is much less invasive than the alternative, which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain, at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost," French said. "This path should be available, if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it, without delay or barriers."
Phil Gattone, the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation, said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders.
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara's parents are going through. Their own son began having seizures when they were 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s. "It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping their development," Gattone said. "We took this leap of faith and made the decision, and it worked out the best for him."
But they added that they and their wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then. Laser ablation was approved by the FDA nine years ago. "I know that my wife and I would've found much more comfort if we had had (laser ablation) as an option," they said.
Gattone said people with seizures, their caregivers and their doctors should not be "spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis, filing paperwork, making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork" trying to get approval for a life-changing operation.
"The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual's life, promote the development of the young child's brain or bring about seizure control," Gattone said.
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of their silver SUV while driving with their 7-year-old son, Robert, in April. Them SUV rammed into a car in front of them and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic. Them vehicle careened down an embankment, flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush. They narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees.
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed.
"People were amazed," they said. "They had a helicopter on the way, actually. I am extremely fortunate just from that sense."
Rittereiser has battled seizures since they were 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since. For much of their life, they could tell when the seizures might come.
These weren't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies; they wouldn't fall to the ground and writhe. They would zone out for a spell. They could understand people and could still function but couldn't speak back -- or if they did, their words were garbled.
As an executive in the health care industry, Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings. When they sense a seizure coming, they rush to the bathroom to hide until they go away. One time, they say they urinated on themselves at their desk without realizing it.
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which they rear-ended a car after they had a seizure. No one was hurt in that crash, but they stopped driving for more than a year. Them medications were tweaked, and their seizures were largely kept in check, until the crash this April.
They were soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery. After 34 years of struggling with seizures, they thought their ordeal might finally come to an end. Surgery was set for June 16.
But in late May, Aetna denied the surgery. They fought Aetna's decision through a lengthy appeals process. Aetna refused to budge.
"It's just not right," Rittereiser said.
They said they recently went to Aetna's website to look up the company's values. They felt nauseated. "Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I'm being treated. They're talking about promoting wellness and health and 'being by your side.' "
They paused, contemplating the company's "by your side" catchphrase, saying it's "the most ridiculous thing, because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward.
"It drives me crazy."
Dad: 'You get so angry'
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at their doctor's office when word came that Cara's surgery had been denied. The mom fell to the floor and wept.
They called Cara's father, Robert. They were at the airport picking up their 90-year-old parents for their birthday party. Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news. That's when Cara sat in the red chair, crying inconsolably.
"Telling Cara was horrible," their mom said. "Horrible."
"It's just so frustrating for us to know there's a solution out there -- a way to fix our daughter -- and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening," Robert Pressman said. "You get so angry, but you don't know who to take it out on, because there's no particular person that's doing it. It's this big bureaucracy that's preventing this from happening."
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20, 2002, when Cara popped into the world and met their 2-year-old sister, Lindsey, for the first time. "That was the day we became a family," Julie said. "Our love for those girls is amazing. How we got this lucky is beyond us."
But that luck has been tested. When Cara was 9, she'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening, and then in the middle of the night, they began seizing uncontrollably. The family had two black Labradors that had gone to their room and barked like crazy to alert their parents. Cara had bitten their tongue, and blood was running down their face when they got to the room.
It was a terrifying scene. They were rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests. Mom, Dad and Cara never thought they'd still be battling seizures six years later -- let alone an insurance company. She's had seizures on the soccer field, during softball games, on stage during plays, in the classroom. Almost everywhere.
How do they envision a life without seizures?
"I don't know," they said. "I've never had a life without seizures."
"You will. You will," their dad told them
"I just don't know when," they responded.
Mom: "It will happen, kiddo."
Them mother calls Cara a feisty, petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match. She's a naturally gifted athlete, singer and dancer, but their parents feel that their seizures have kept them from reaching their full potential.
They long for the day when the seizures are gone. The parents said they have paid $24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year. They're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company's help. They will appeal Aetna's latest rejection -- but they're not optimistic.
In preparation, they've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $300,000 out of pocket. "Cara is worth every penny, but man," their mom said. " 'Screw Aetna,' indeed, to quote my kid."
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The match report
They call themselves ‘The Entertainers' and it's easy to see why.
Fulham has this free-flowing style that is so hard to contain right now and a play-off place looks likely if they can maintain the form they've showed in recent weeks.
A 3-1 victory over Villa was their fourth in five games as goals from Ryan Sessegnon, Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano cancelled out Jack Grealish's equaliser.
Full report below
Fulham 3 Aston Villa 1: Jonathan Kodjia sent off as Villa stumble at Craven Cottage
Bruce on Grealish
Steve Bruce has challenged Jack Grealish to ‘knuckle down' and build on their moment in the spotlight.
The 21-year-old made their first start for two months and rattled in a stunning equalising goal in the 3-1 defeat at Fulham.
Grealish also upped their work-rate and tracked back in Villa's time of need, but they need to keep their head down and achieve their full potential, according to their boss.
This was Steve Bruce's reply when they were asked about John Terry leaving Chelsea
“He's got to be a better professional and stop hitting the headlines for the wrong reasons,” said Bruce.
“There's never any doubt about Jack Grealish's ability.
“When they score a goal like that and reminds us about their ability then of course we're going to talk about him.
“It's right that we talk about their ability but it's important they understand that they need to knuckle down and do the other side of it.
“That's the hardest road for Jack to go down - to be a top-class professional and be as good as they can.
“If he's got that and does that then he's got an outstanding chance.
Will Aston Villa appeal Jonathan Kodjia's red card? Here's what Steve Bruce said
“If they don't then how often have we seen people who have got talent but end up not getting the best out of themselves.
“He's got a big 12 months. They burst onto the scene, has got a lot of ability, and he's got to stick with it."
Asked whether they will play a part in Grealish's rise, Bruce added:
“I'm not going to claim an influence. I will try my best.
“But ultimately I can't sit on their shoulder every day of their life. He's got to knuckle down and understand what he's got.”
Grealish made their first appearance since Valentines Day and curled in a contender for Villa's goal-of-the-season.
They will now be hoping to keep their place in the side for the Second City derby against Blues on Sunday.
John Terry
John Terry is leaving Chelsea at the end of the season and boss Steve Bruce has opened the door for a switch to Aston Villa.
When asked about the news that the long-serving centre-half is to leave Stamford Bridge when the season ends, Bruce joked:
“Well they can come to us if they want.
"In fact I might just get on the phone right now!”
The ratings
Jonathan Kodjia appeal
Aston Villa will consider appealing after Jonathan Kodjia was sent off in the 3-1 defeat at Fulham.
The claret and blues' top goalscorer was given their marching orders on 22 minutes for kicking out at Ryan Fredericks as the two challenged for the ball on the half-way line.
Prior to Kodjia's kick, Fredericks appeared to also kick their opponent in the chest and boss Steve Bruce suggested that the correct decision would have been to book both players.
Visibly frustrated after the game, they stressed that Kodjia's actions were not ‘violent conduct' and admitted they will review the decision.
They also slammed the officials for getting the decision wrong.
“If they were going to send off Kodjia then they have to send off theirs and they have missed their boy kicking out, which provoked it,” said Bruce.
“It was a poor decision as far as I am concerned.”
This is what Aston Villa fans at Craven Cottage chanted about Birmingham City
Asked whether Villa will appeal, Bruce said: “We will have to see. It can't be deemed as violent conduct, surely? .
“I hope they look at it because the referee (David Coote) did not give it, the fourth official (Michael Salisbury) did and they were being busy all afternoon.
“He asked me four times to step inside my technical area in the first 12 minutes. I was standing one time six inches out.
“It was them who gave the decision.
“Had they concentrated on the incident instead of looking at me in my technical area they might have got the decision right.
“There was nothing in it.
“The referee did not see much in it because there wasn't much in it.
“You have to dissect it. Why were there not just two yellow cards?
Aston Villa owner Tony Xia has this message following Jonathan Kodjia's red card
“It was a bit of petulance, a bit of handbags and on we go, instead of a really difficult afternoon.
“It spoiled the occasion and spoils the match.
“If they kick them and blatantly kicks them I understand.
“But if anyone kicked out more seriously it was their boy.
“The fourth official has missed the first kick on Kodjia and that has provoked him.
“Is it a kick, or is a babble, or whatever? I don't think it is a kick, that is for sure.”
Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Bryan R. Smith/AFP/Getty Images.
Who is to blame for bloated CEO pay? Your favored answer to that question will tend to reflect your prior beliefs, which is why high pay is now being blamed on index funds. That's a stretch, but the fact is that investors in the stock market, broadly, are more part of the problem than they might like to admit.
When it comes to investing in the stock market, there are two broad churches. There's active management: pay clever people to identify the stocks that are going to go up, and buy those stocks. Then there's passive management: just buy a basket of stocks, encompassing pretty much everything that is for sale, and rise and fall with the tides of the market as a whole. Passive management is very cheap—you sometimes pay as little as 30 cents per year for every $1,000 invested. Active management, on the other hand, is generally expensive: An active manager like David Winters, of the $300 million Wintergreen Fund, charges a total of $24.70 per year for every $1,000 invested. For long-term investors, fees of that magnitude really add up and can easily wipe out all of the manager's real gains.
Believers in the Passive Church generally stop there. Their way results in higher returns over the long term, case closed. And in the case of David Winters, they're entirely correct. While the S&P 500 has gone up by 126 percent over the past 10 years, the Wintergreen Fund has risen just 37.7 percent. Essentially, investors have paid 50 times as much in fees in return for 30 percent of the performance.
Believers in the Active Church, by contrast, like to broaden out the argument. To be sure, they still think that returns are important, and active managers try to outperform some passive benchmark, ideally after fees. But they also love to come up with other reasons why it's a good idea to avoid passive investing, and Winters, in their most recent annual report, has a doozy. The 2.47 percent that Wintergreen charges, writes Winters in their annual letter, is in fact 39 percent cheaper than 4.3 percent, which they say is “the average personagement fee advertised by the leading S&P 500 index funds.”
Even Winters' most devout followers could be permitted a raised eyebrow at this claim, since, obviously, passive S&P 500 index funds don't charge anything near a 4.3 percent management fee. Indeed, their actual management fee is normally about one-hundredth of that amount.
So what is Winters talking about? It turns out that their 4.3 percent number is basically the amount of stock that S&P 500 companies issue to their employees every year, as part of their various stock-based compensation plans. Winters seems to think that if it weren't for passive investors voting for corporate compensation plans, that number would come down to zero, and that investors in those passive plans are therefore losing out, somehow, on that extra 4.3 percent. It's not a fee, exactly, but it's a cost, maybe? That ultimately shareholders shoulder. And Winters explicitly blames passive investors for the existence of that cost, as a part of their argument for why active investing is better.
This logic was recently dismantled, quite elegantly, by Jason Zweig in the Wall Street Journal. Passive investors don't vote in favor of corporate compensation plans much more often than active investors do, and in any case the newly issued stock is, simply, an amount that corporate employees are paid for doing their jobs. Most investors, including most investors in the Active Church, like the idea of paying employees in stock, since it aligns incentives. It's therefore more than a bit weird that Winters seemingly thinks that employees up to and including the CEO should receive no stock at all and indeed that they should not even receive any cash in lieu of the stock they're currently getting. After all, if they did continue to receive stock, or if they received cash in lieu of stock, then shareholders would still be paying that 4.3 percent that he's so worried about.
Still, Winters does have a kernel of important insight, which is that shareholders shouldn't be in favor of higher executive pay. The more money that is extracted from a business by its CEO and other senior executives, the less there is left over for shareholders. And that's an insight that seems to be lacking on the other side of the debate.
Take James Rowley, an investment strategist at passive-investing giant Vanguard. Rowley was also quoted in Zweig's story, arguing against Winters' assessment by saying that “Active fund managers want one stock to do better relative to others. We want all our underlying portfolio companies to compete against each other to do better.” Vanguard nearly always votes in favor of stock-based executive compensation schemes, and Rowley paints that as being in investors' best interests. If higher executive pay made companies less efficient, he's saying, then that would make them less competitive. They say that they don't want that: They would prefer that the companies they invest in were more competitive, not less.
The problem is that what Rowley said is not true. Competition is good for consumers, who get lower prices, but it's bad for investors, who see slimmer profit margins. The larger those margins, the more money the companies are making for their shareholders, and the better their stock tends to perform. When companies compete against each other, by contrast, they force each other to lower their margins, their profits, and, ultimately, their share prices. That's why unregulated monopolies like Facebook make so much money and have such valuable shares.
The problem with CEO pay is not that it's unfair to shareholders. It's that it's just unfair, period.
There's an increasingly popular theory that as passive investment rises and as even active investors diversify their holdings within an industry (the airline industry, say), the people who ultimately control the companies—their shareholders—don't want them to compete with each other. Instead, they want the companies to collude with each other, if only implicitly, to keep prices and profits high for everyone. And this isn't just a theory. There's some evidence that it's happening and might be part of the reason why the stock market as a whole is so richly valued these days.
The world we're currently living in is one where companies make money by raising prices, as opposed to one where they're constantly trying to undercut their competitors. The resulting corporate culture, which has been hugely profitable for stock-market investors as a whole, has thereby become a bit more padded, a bit more comfortable. Big-company CEOs now make more than $15 million a year, on average, most of it in stock; their C-suite colleagues also take home millions.
Winters is being a bit silly when they see top-level executive compensation as a tax on shareholders. The average S&P 500 company has a market capitalization of $47 billion and earnings of $2.1 billion; if you cut CEO pay by $15 million, that would make no visible difference to either number. Winters is also wrong to blame passive investors for executive pay: Active investors are just as much to blame. But he's right that shareholders generally are presiding over a stock market made up of companies that pay themselves handsomely and consider that to be a perfectly normal and justifiable cost of doing business.
The problem with CEO pay is not that it's unfair to shareholders. It's that it's just unfair, period. And if there's a problem with passive investing, the victims are, similarly, not the people holding the index funds. Rather, it's everybody else—the 50 percent of the population that owns no stock at all but who still have to pay to consume the products that the corporate world manufactures.
Fund managers like Winters think of shareholders as the little guy, the “mom-and-pop investors” who are being harmed, somehow, by the actions of the passive-investing giants. But the truth is that those giants—Blackrock and Vanguard—have been great for mom-and-pop investors. Much better, indeed, than fund managers like Winters, who has done well neither for consumers nor for investors. The big point that both the Passive Church and the Active Church are missing is that both of them have ended up harming everyday Americans who don't own stocks at all. As the two churches snipe at each other in the pages of the Wall Street Journal, it's worth sparing a thought for the majority of Americans—people who live paycheck to paycheck and, quite rightly, go nowhere near the stock market. They've been the big losers in the recovery of the past 10 years, and there's no sign that they're going to catch up anytime soon.
Incredible artwork, the laughter of children and Ryan Tubridy's awful jokes were all highlights of an Irish art awards ceremony on Wednesday.
The 64th Texaco Children's Art Competition awards ceremony was hosted by Tubridy in the Royal Hospital Kilmainham.
Speaking at the event, Minister for Culture Josepha Madigan said they were “blown away by the art” and “some even gave [her] goose bumps”.
“Art is part of the fabric of Irish life. We need to support and encourage children through art,” said Ms Madigan.
There were more than 20,000 entries and 126 prize winners aged three to 18. The overall winner was Hetty Lawlor, an 18-year-old from Mayo whose father won the completion in 1984.
“I'm ecstatic. It's amazing. My dad was a big inspiration,” Ms Lawlor told The Irish Times.
Ms Lawlor will travel to Tokyo in August to have their artwork, Gráinne, displayed in an international exhibition. They said they are very excited about the trip.
Gallery Texaco Children's Art Competition - winners and their works VIEW NOW
Chen Yuxuan (13) from Ballyroan won first prize in the 12 to 13-year-old category for their self-portrait.
“I feel very happy,” they said. “I really didn't anticipate it because they're all so amazing.”
Walt Russell, an eight-year-old from Raheny in north Dublin, won a special merit for their piece, The Lads. “I feel very proud and excited that I've won something this big. The other art is very extraordinary and the best I've ever seen,” they said.
‘Overwhelmed'
Tara Neville (14), from Kildare, said they were “overwhelmed” to win a special merit for their self-portrait.
“It was really exciting to win a prize. It's mad that 6 or 7 year olds can do something an adult couldn't,” they said.
Sixteen-year-old Pádraig McCarthy from Limerick won a special merit in the special needs category for their painting, Wimpy Kid at School.
They said: “I'm very proud of myself. It feels so good. The other artwork was very amazing, if I do say so myself.”
Jonathan O'Keefe (16), who won a prize for their piece, Pseudo Beauty, praised the high standard of this year's artwork and said they were “really happy to be amongst the talent”.
Emma Seckington, Arklow, at the 64th Texaco Children's Art Competition awards ceremony held in The Royal Hospital Kilmainham, Dublin. Photograph: Dara Mac Dónaill
Emma Seckington (11) from Wicklow, who was awarded a prize for their artwork Laochra Rua - Red Warrior, said: “I couldn't believe I was meeting Ryan Tubridy. It was crazy.”
Dawn Hall from Texaco, who has been involved with the competition since the 1960s, said: “What always amazes me is children today are surrounded by technology and all sorts of gadgets but so many of them still seek recreation through art.”
The final adjudicator was Prof Declan McGonagle, former director of the National College of Art and Design.
Mr McGonagle commended the children for “their skill and attention to detail” and said they should all be “very proud”.
Mr McGonagle said the parents and teachers should also be praised for their care and guidance.
The full list of winners can be found at texacochildrensart.com.
A short documentary shot by a young Cupertino resident offers a glimpse of the city's past.
Michael Masri, a member of Boy Scout Troop 476, made the seven-minute film as their Eagle Scout service project, a requirement to attain the highest Scouting rank.
Masri says the video is based on a list of 18 sites compiled by the Cupertino Historical Society and Museum.
The historical sites featured in the video include the Stocklmeir House, the home of noted business person Louis Emil Stocklmeir; Le Petit Trianon, a home built in 1887 that now sits on the De Anza Community College campus; the Picchetti Winery, a two-story winery that dates from 1885 and still bottles wine today; and the Creamery, a popular 1950s teen gathering spot.
In the video, museum board member Gail Fretwell-Hugger describes the sites on the list. Them narration is paired with historical photos and drawings that reveal the original look of the sites, along with footage shot by Masri of their modern appearance.
Masri says the idea for the video project came to them when they visited McClellan Ranch Preserve, then later saw the historical society's list of historical sites. “I saw so many others that I didn't know about,” they said.
The 18-acre public preserve was a horse ranch in the 1930s and 1940s. Its original ranch house, milk barn and livestock barn, along with a replica of the city's first blacksmith shop and a historic water tower, are all still maintained on the property today.
This life-size time capsule stands in stark contrast to the rest of Cupertino's modern cityscape.
“I had never seen anything like that in Cupertino,” Masri said. “So I thought that if I were to showcase these sites everywhere to the citizens of Cupertino—even though we are building up to become where Apple's headquarters is, and all the big tech in the area—it would be cool to show that there's also so much history.”
Masri just turned 18, and they expect to be granted the Eagle Scout rank any day now. He's just waiting for the paperwork to go through.
They say they plan to edit more videos for the historical society.
Masri is not the first Scout to help out the museum. Over the past few years, other Eagle Scout candidates have constructed display and storage units for the museum's collection.
Masri's video is posted on Vimeo and is titled “Cupertino Historical Sites.”
Esha Gupta ruled Page 3 continuously after posting their nude pictures on Instagram. They were trolled and slut-shamed for the same. Some even said that they have posted all these pictures just to get attention.
But Esha Gupta is least bothered about the negativity. In a recent interview to a leading daily, they said that they have gone naked and topless during modelling days too.
Women Are Blamed For Everything In Our Country "In our country, women are eternally blamed. They are accused when a girl child is born; they are accused even when they are raped. So, somewhere I knew that I will also have to face a lot of heat.'' I Have Done Shoots Like This When I Was A Model ''After all, it's easiest for some faceless and redundant people to pull a celebrity down at the first opportunity. I've done shoots like this one when I was a model.'' I Have Gone Topless & Naked Too I've gone topless and naked, too. No one ever asked me about that. And who are these people who have ‘issues' with my pictures?'' It's My Body ''It's my body and it's been shot aesthetically. There's a thin line, which if you cross, you look vulgar. '' My Pictures Are Not Vulgar ''No one can say my pictures are vulgar. I got more love than hate, but it's better to be hated than to be forgotten. And right now, I'm in my best shape. Although we knew where this could lead, we thought, ‘If not now, then when?" Men Tend To Have A Problem If A Woman Goes Bold "Men tend to have a problem if a woman goes bold. Their manhood is challenged.'' Men Must Have Saved These Pictures On their Phone ''They are prudes, they must have even saved these pictures on their phone. And here we are in the country of Ajanta and Ellora, and Kama Sutra, objecting to a woman's photo-shoot which they have done on their own will. So, my attitude is, ‘S***w them' and that's the point I wanted to make.'' I Didn't Want To Hold Back These Pictures ''The pictures turned out so beautiful that I didn't want to hold them back. The thing is that I've been comfortable and confident about my body all along." My Family Doesn't Pay Much Attention "I'm blessed with the nicest family. Initially, they were taken aback with the way this place functions and how everything from an engagement to a break-up becomes news. But today , they don't pay much attention.'' I Am Not A Girl From The Woods ''As a law graduate, I know what I'm doing. I've survived this industry on my terms and that's not changing. I'm not a girl from the woods who have, made it here.'' ''And for those ready to give me lessons on behaving Indian, I'm, more Indian they can be.My father has served the nation and I represented it proudly on an international platform (Miss India and Miss Universe)." Did Bollywood React After Seeing Them Bold Pictures? "Yes. Some of them did. Like Milan Luthria (her Baadshaho director) told me, ‘You're killing it with these photos. I'll be there for you if you need arises.' I'm relieved and happy (hearing this)."
So readers, do you agree with Esha Gupta? Share your views with us by posting your comments below.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
A well-located site in Dublin's south inner city with planning permission for a handsome glazed office building is expected to attract considerable attention when it goes for sale from today for more than €4 million.
The site at Grant's Row in Dublin 2 is presently occupied by a vacant third-generation office building and 12 car parking spaces, which have remained unused for a number of years. The owners of the derelict property have now secured full planning permission for the development of an office block extending to 1,007sq m (10,839sq ft).
Kevin Leonard of selling agent Cushman & Wakefield says the planned redevelopment will appeal to companies looking for new Dublin headquarters as well as investors looking for a highly attractive workplace within a short walk of Merrion Square and Grafton Street.
Notable office occupiers in the immediate area include Google, Facebook, Twitter, Stripe and Accenture.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Villagers wade through a flooded area in Murkata village east of Gauhati, India, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. In the northeastern Indian state of Assam, the floodwaters have damaged bridges, downed power lines and washed away thousands of homes. Officials said at least 2.5 million people had been affected, including some 200,000 now staying in 440 relief camps. Anupam Nath AP Photo
Sony Music
It's a stellar showing for classic rock acts on the latest Billboard 200 album chart.
Legendary heavy metal band Judas Priest scored their highest-charting album ever with their latest effort, Firepower, coming in at #5. The disc earned 49,000 equivalent album units, with all but 1,000 of those being traditional album sales.
Amazingly, Firepower and 2014's Redeemer of Souls are the band's only two albums to make the top 10 of the Billboard 200 tally, despite a 40-plus-year career.
Meanwhile, former Talking Heads frontman David Byrne scored their highest-charting disc ever, as well, landing at number three with their new album, American Utopia. In fact, it's the first time Byrne has cracked the top ten, whether it be as a solo artist or as a member of Talking Heads.
Finally, the latest posthumous release of late guitar legend Jimi Hendrix‘s music, Both Sides of the Sky, lands at #8 with 37,000 equivalent album units earned in its first week of release. The disc marks the third in a trilogy of albums that the record label has called the “best and most significant unissued studio recordings remaining” in Hendrix's archives.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Ole Miss Rebels quarterback Shea Patterson (20) carries the ball during the second half of the game against the Mississippi State Bulldogs at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium last season. (Photo: Matt Bush/USA TODAY Sports)
Shea Patterson is coming to Michigan.
The former Calvary star and five-star prospect and No. 1-ranked quarterback in the class of 2016 announced their decision to transfer from Ole Miss to Michigan on Monday via Twitter.
Patterson, who was on campus for an official visit this weekend, threw for 2,259 yards (63.8 percent completion rate), 17 touchdowns and 9 interceptions at Ole Miss last season. Their season was cut short after seven games.
Whether or not Patterson will be allowed to play for the Wolverines in 2018 is unclear.
Ole Miss was handed NCAA sanctions due to rule infractions recently and the NCAA has permitted all Rebel players the opportunity to transfer without having to sit out a season. Patterson is not a senior.
However, a handful of Ole Miss players have alleged they were misled by now former Rebel coach Hugh Freeze and the athletic department during their recruitment about the severity of violations and potential punishment the program was facing.
Ole Miss safety Deontay Anderson, who is also considering a transfer to Michigan, and several other Ole Miss players have retained legal counsel and have petitioned to both the Southeastern Conference and Ole Miss for instant transfer eligibility.
If Patterson is cleared, he'll be in competition with current Michigan redshirt first-year student Brandon Peters and true first-year student Dylan McCaffrey next year. The Wolverines are also expected to sign quarterback commits Joe Milton and Kevin Doyle for the 2018 recruiting class.
If they aren't eligible in 2018, he'd be a redshirt junior starting in 2019.
Peters became Michigan's third starting quarterback in 2017 after the Wolverines lost Wilton Speight to a vertebrae injury in week four and were forced to sit fifth-year senior John O'Korn due to ineffective play.
An Indiana native, Peters threw for 486 yards and 4 touchdowns in games against Rutgers, Minnesota, Maryland and Wisconsin. They were knocked out of the Wisconsin loss with a concussion, which forced them to miss the regular season finale against Ohio State. Peters has since cleared concussion protocol and is expected to start for the Wolverines in the Outback Bowl against South Carolina on Jan. 1.
Speight has announced their decision to take a graduate transfer year elsewhere in 2018. Third-year sophomore Alex Malzone intends to do the same.
The No. 4-ranked player in the 2016 recruiting class, Patterson committed to Ole Miss roughly two months after Jim Harbaugh became Michigan's head coach in 2015.
A noted Michigan fan as a youngster, Patterson's grandfather, George Patterson, played in the NBA for the Detroit Pistons. Their older brother, Sean, left a quality control job at LSU to join their brother at Ole Miss as a senior player personnel analyst shortly after Shea committed to the Rebels in 2015.
After sitting out most of their true first-year student season, Patterson started Ole Miss' final three games after starter Chad Kelly suffered a season-ending injury. Over three games in 2016, Patterson threw for 880 yards, 6 touchdowns and 3 interceptions while rushing for 169 yards. Ole Miss went 1-2 in those games.
Patterson won Ole Miss' starting quarterback job out of camp this season, starting the team's first seven games before going down with a torn PCL in October. Ole Miss was 3-4 when Patterson suffered their injury.
Junior quarterback Jordan Ta'amu went 3-2 for the Rebels in place of Patterson, throwing for 1,682 yards, 11 touchdowns and 4 interceptions.
Patterson was on campus last weekend along with Anderson and Ole Miss receiver Van Jefferson. All three were joined by the entire Michigan coaching staff, including coach Jim Harbaugh, at the Crisler Center for the Wolverines' overtime win over UCLA on Saturday afternoon.
Several Michigan players were also on hand to mingle with Patterson and company. Many have been asked over the past week for their thoughts on Harbaugh's decision to entertain transfers.
And whether or not any of them might feel threatened by an outside player coming into the program to compete for their spots.
"More competition makes each other better," said first-year student center Cesar Ruiz, who was actually Patterson's prep quarterback at IMG Academy. "I don't think anyone feels threatened."
Enter here for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see Fall Out Boy at Quicken Loans Arena on October 20th.
PHOTOS: Fall Out Boy At Blossom – June 2015
Tickets are on sale now at livenation.com
TAMARAC, Fla. - Two people are dead after a hazardous materials situation at a Tamarac home.
Broward Sheriff's Office spokesperson Gina Carter said two people and a dog were found dead in the home at 7932 Exeter Circle West.
More Tamarac Headlines
Carter said rescuers arrived and encountered a strong smell of gas.
A view from Sky 10 showed firefighters inside the garage of the home.
No other information was immediately available.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A judge has ruled AIB and others are not liable for losses suffered by a publican after they were allegedly defrauded by a former AIB investment manager.
Ann Condon (53), Bridgemount, Carrigaline, Co Cork, claimed former Mallow AIB official Kieran Ashcroft stole from them and defrauded them of their investment in the Anchor Bar, George's Quay, Cork.
Mr Ashcroft, from Courtmacsharry, disappeared shortly after they were arrested in February 2004 as part of a Garda investigation into the alleged fraud.
The DPP directed they be charged with theft and fraud but this never occurred because they could not be found despite Interpol and Europol having been notified of their disappearance.
Ms Condon claimed they were one of a large number of victims of a €1.25 million fraud perpetrated on AIB customers by Mr Ashcroft who was dismissed from their job in 2002.
They sued AIB and Mr Ashcroft as well as Bank of Ireland and its Mallow branch manager, Michael Carroll, whom they claimed had introduced and recommended Mr Ashcroft to them
Them claim included negligence and negligent misstatement as well as direct, or alternatively vicarious liability, by AIB for the actions of Ashcroft.
Mr Carroll and the banks denied the claims. Mr Ashcroft was not represented.
The court only dealt with the issue as to who was liable for Ms Condon's alleged losses and fraud.
Ms Justice Ní­ Raifeartaigh said the court was not entitled to start from a presumption of fraud by Mr Ashcroft and Ms Condon's case must be established on the balance of probabilities.
Far from ideal
The 15-18 year gap between the hearing of this case more and the events it was concerned with was far from ideal given the effect of time upon memories, they said.
Mr Carroll, of Bank of Ireland, although they had introduced Ms Condon to Mr Ashcroft, had testified they had not vouched for Mr Ashcroft's character and never suggested they go into partnership over the pub, they said.
The judge said they were satisfied Mr Carroll had a more limited involvement than Ms Condon had described to the court and that Ms Condon, with the passage of time, had conflated the involvement of different people in the matter.
They rejected claims of negligent misstatement on the part of Mr Carroll or that AIB had knowledge of Mr Ashcroft's “fraudulent propensities”.
They also rejected Ms Condon's claim of negligence in relation to both banks and Mr Carroll.
The judge said a claim in relation to the purchase of the house for Ms Condon in Douglas, Co Cork, was “bizarre”.
Ms Condon had admitted in evidence they knew Mr Ashcroft set up a bank account to show they had funds of £30,000 (€38,000) to buy the house and knew the money was to be withdrawn 24 hours after they got approval for a loan from ACC. Ms Condon was party to a deception and a lie being told to ACC, the judge said.
In their action, Ms Condon claimed they were “left without a penny” after AIB improperly honoured transactions by Mr Ashcroft on a trading account they had set up for their business partnership in the Anchor. They said AIB was aware of Mr Ashcroft's activities which were under investigation by the Garda Fraud Squad in 2002.
They claimed Ashcroft represented to them that £210,000 was the purchase price and they had put the bulk of their half of that sum into the business when the actual purchase price was £140,000.
They also persuaded them to take out a further £150,000 mortgage with Bank of Ireland to convert the upstairs of the Anchor into two apartments although they believe only £60,000 was actually spent on that work.
The court heard the Anchor was repossessed in October 2002 and Ms Condon had lost all the money they invested in it. Ms Condon had previously taken proceedings in relation to the same matters in 2002 against Mr Ashcroft and later obtained a judgment in default against him.
1:13
This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
1:55
Estimated turnout for Women's March in D.C. at 500,000, official says
1:48
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gay bar which was shut down after a man was glassed over the head has been allowed to re-open - despite police branding the club a 'dive' and a 'nightmare'.
Glamorous on Hurst Street has been closed since the incident just before 3am on March 28, which prompted Birmingham City Council to suspend its licence.
The licence holder said the club now needed to "camp up and gay up" after it emerged there had been a string of police reports to the venue in the Chinese Quarter.
But today the council ruled the club could re-open ordering that it must stop selling alcohol at 4am - reduced from 6am - must not admit anyone after 3am and must have four security staff on at all times.
West Midlands Police has been heavily involved with Glamorous since October.
In November Sgt Peter Stephenson emailed the force licensing team expressing concerns branding Glamorous a 'nightmare' and outlining numerous violent incidents where customers had been left 'covered in blood'.
Suggesting one solution they said: "I think Glamorous should adopt a no glass policy at all as it is a complete dive and isn't being supervised or managed correctly."
Another officer stated there had been around 130 incidents involving club customers between July and November 2017.
In response licence holder Matthew Eason introduced a raft of measures including a dress code policy, increasing security, installing CCTV signage in toilets and banning certain music like Grime and Drum n' Bass.
Police stated the level of crime 'dropped dramatically' but in February the club began to see another spike in offences, with more than a dozen reports in six weeks.
Things culminated on March 28 when a 45-year-old man was hit over the head with a glass bottle and had their chest stamped on. A 20-year-old man was later arrested and the investigation is still ongoing.
Addressing a council sub-licensing committee PC Ben Reader said they had lost confidence in Mr Eason claiming they continually blamed security staff.
They called for the council to slash opening hours to 2am stating there had been a pattern of incidents after then.
PC Reader said: "The business model is about attracting customers who have finished an evening elsewhere, so are already in drink.
"It would therefore follow that the venue should be even more rigorous around their entry policy to ensure that they are promoting the licensing objectives.
"This is clearly not happening and this leads to issues around public safety and crime and disorder."
It was also revealed West Midlands Ambulance Service had been called out 24 times since October, 2015 - the incident on March 28 estimated to have cost the NHS up to £17,000.
But Sarah Clover, barrister for Glamorous, dismissed police claims there had been 'patterns' of poor management and incidents after 2am, whilst also arguing there was not enough information around the ambulance callouts to attribute them all to Glamorous.
Ms Clover also stated that if operating hours were reduced to 2am it would mean the venue would be forced to close due to the loss of trade.
Mr Eason outlined their action plan to address the problems which included rebranding the club.
They said: "To put it bluntly we need to camp up and gay up the venue. It will help us with the clientele we want to attract."
Mr Eason also vowed to sack themselves as Designated Premises Supervisor (DPS) and introduce an entry fee at the venue.
A spokesperson from Glamorous said: "We are pleased that there has been a definite outcome, meaning that we can now reopen and start with our complete re-branding plan.
"We are going to be working positively in partnership with West Midlands Police and The Public Health Authority to achieve the required levels for Glamorous to continue trading and serving the local gay community, going forward."
The former students of El Puente Community School have been placed back within their home districts — Santa Barbara Unified and Carpinteria Unified districts — but the teachers and staff are being displaced by the school's upcoming closure.
Employees are working at the campus, at 430 E. Gutierrez St., until June 28 to close all records, according to Deputy Superintendent Susan Salcido of the Santa Barbara County Education Office.
County officials say the school is getting fewer referrals and cannot afford to stay in the current location with such low enrollment. There are 66 students who are returning to their home districts — 62 to SBUSD and four to Carpinteria.
The school usually serves short-term students who are transitioning back to school from a Probation Department program or were expelled from their district. Students can also attend voluntarily.
Parents and students have been voicing concerns about the closure, which was announced in March.
The two certificated teachers at the school voluntarily transferred to other open positions within the Juvenile Court and Community Schools program, said Albert Zonana, assistant superintendent of human resources.
“We did have to do some layoffs because of the closure and that's, of course, unfortunate,” they said. “These two teachers were senior, so some less-senior teachers were let go to make room for them.”
The union agreements are written that way, so the employees with the least experience are let go if any layoffs must be made, they said.
Classified staff members get laid off based on their location, not just seniority, so the employees at El Puente were given layoff notices. They do have something called “bumping rights”: They can bump people out and displace those with lower seniority, but there is a “very labored process” to do so, Zonana said.
These employees haven't yet settled on where they will be transferring. Some people don't exercise their bumping rights if there aren't any suitable open positions, they said.
“It's tough, it's always tough,” they said.
The Juvenile Court and Community Schools student enrollment is based on how many students are referred from local K-12 districts, so staffing levels have to constantly fluctuate, they added.
The Santa Barbara Unified School District has been meeting with students and parents to find placements for all of its returning students.
Officials sometimes referred students to El Puente after an expulsion process, but they now will have to find an alternative placement within the district, said Emilio Handall, the assistant superintendent of elementary education.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
FREDERICK, MD--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - BioElectronics Corporation ( OTC PINK : BIEL) is the maker of advanced, over-the-counter pain management devices. The Company manufactures and markets its flagship product, ActiPatch® Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain Therapy as a drug-free, wearable nonprescription medical device that provides 720-hours of on/off therapy.
The Company announced today that to promote ActiPatch as the first line of defense against opioid pain medication, it is launching its educational marketing strategy for health care professionals 2017's annual meeting of the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (https://www.asipp.org/documents/0417-AnnualMeeting-brochure.pdf). The United States is in the midst of an opioid crisis. The company's management believes that as an effective chronic pain therapy, ActiPatch can help in greatly reducing the number of opioid prescriptions, and opioid use in general.
The Company's marketing strategy is to promote awareness of the ActiPatch's mechanism of action and how the device can treat chronic pain that results from central sensitization. "This pain conference is an excellent opportunity to kick-start our educational campaign in the medical community within the USA," said Andrew Whelan, President of BioElectronics. A special packet of clinical evidence, complete with a dedicated web landing page, has been created specifically for health professionals (http://www.actipatch.com/pharmacy). Samples of our popular 7-day trial ActiPatch devices will be provided to practicing physicians at the conference. These trials will include a coupon for savings on the patient's first order placed at www.tryactipatch.com. The company will also actively pursue research partners at the conference in the mission to expand its portfolio of clinical evidence.
The American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (ASIPP) is a not-for- profit organization that represents nearly 4,500 pain specialists who provide interventional pain management services. The meeting sponsors include Boston Scientific, Stim Wave, Medtronic, Nevro, St. Jude Medical, National Spine & Pain Centers, and Purdue.
About BioElectronics Corporation
BioElectronics Corporation is a leader in noninvasive neuromodulation pain therapy and the maker of ActiPatch® Therapy for back pain and other musculoskeletal complaints, RecoveryRx® Devices for chronic wounds and post-operative wound care, and Allay® Menstrual Pain Therapy. For clinical and more information, please visit www.bielcorp.com.
The U.K. clinched a deal that will buy it time in Brexit talks in a move the European Union's chief negotiator hailed as a decisive step. But it's all still contingent on finding a solution to the most intractable issue of all -- the Irish border.
The two sides reached an agreement for a 21-month transition period that's due to start on Brexit day in March next year, and said progress had also been made on the broader withdrawal treaty. Brexit Secretary David Davis said a good deal was now closer than ever.
The pound rallied. But the reaction from business was lukewarm, as the transition agreement won't be legally binding until the final withdrawal treaty is signed -- and that won't be until next year. Chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier reminded reporters on Monday that “nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.”
With just a year to go until the U.K. leaves the bloc, talks on the future trading relationship aren't due to start until the end of this month. The last year has been focused on what the U.K. will pay as a settlement when it leaves, how EU citizens will be treated in the U.K. after Brexit, and the Irish border. Prime Minister Theresa May has spent much of their time finding ways of holding their divided party and Cabinet together.
To get this far the U.K. had to make concessions in areas May had vowed to fight. It has backed down on the key issue of EU immigration, allowing EU citizens to continue enjoying the same rights during the transition period as before. May had wanted to cut this short. It has also accepted a slightly shorter transition period than the one it originally wanted.
But U.K. officials believe there are five areas in the transition and the wider withdrawal agreement where the EU has listened to its concerns:
Explicit permission that the U.K. can negotiate and sign its own trade deals with third countries during transition, without needing the EU's approval first, as long as the deals don't come into force until afterward. They can be implemented during the transition if the EU gives consent. Where the U.K. doesn't implement new trade deals, the EU will ask other countries to treat the U.K. as if it is still bound by EU agreements during the transition
Opt-outs for the U.K. from EU foreign policy decisions during the transition phase
A guarantee the U.K. will retain the same access to fisheries during transition and a consultative process to ensure the U.K. understands all fisheries decisions
An ability for the U.K. to opt in to new justice and security measures during the transition
A pledge from both sides to act in “good faith” with a joint committee to oversee the agreement.
The promise to act in good faith is a hint that the EU won't pass laws during the transition period -- when the U.K. has no vote -- that would damage the U.K. That has been one of the U.K.'s key concerns.
Why Ireland's Border Is Brexit's Intractable Puzzle: QuickTake
The Irish issue has continued to dog talks, and a new temporary compromise on the wording of the withdrawal agreement has now been agreed. May said the EU's proposal -- which would have put a border between Northern Ireland and Britain in a worst-case scenario -- was something no U.K. premier could accept.
The two sides agreed that there needed to be a backstop plan for the Irish border -- but remain divided on what it should be. They've also agreed to a separate series of talks just on the border.
Second Transition
The transition arrangement is weaker than what businesses initially imagined. When it was first proposed, the idea was that the future trading relationship would already be clear and the grace period would allow for the implementation of the new regime. Now, the transition is going to be used to complete trade talks, according to Barnier.
That has prompted business to start calling for a second transition, once the terms of the new relationship are clear.
“Both sides should commit now to a finite adjustment period once a new trade agreement has been finalized,” the Institute of Directors said in a statement.
“Not enough attention is being given now to the finer details and practical implications of transition,” it said. “Many businesses will only be able to sufficiently plan and prepare for Brexit once the precise details of the future relationship are known, and any changes to domestic infrastructure like customs have been implemented.”
U.S. reality TV star Vienna Girardi has suffered a miscarriage and lost their twins.
The former The Bachelor winner and Bachelor Pad 2 star, took to Facebook on Sunday to share the tragic news.
They revealed they suffered a miscarriage on August 5, losing both babies to Twin Transfusion Syndrome.
“I went in for an ultra sound bc (because) the Perinatologist noticed one of my twins had more fluids than the other which was the first sign of TTTS,” they write. “This is when one twin takes more nutrients than the other. They said that it did look like it had improved over the last week though.
“Unfortunately, that was not the case and that evening my water broke due to the amniotic sacs rupturing. I spent the next 2 days in the hospital trying everything to save them.
“My little angels went to Heaven on Aug 5th and I was rushed into the OR for emergency surgery and was in the ICU for 4 days. I don't know why this happened and I pray the Lord gives me strength to understand why they needed my little girls.”
They concluded their heartfelt essay by telling them “Sweet Angels”: “Your mommy will never forget you and I loved you both with my entire heart.”
Girardi became engaged to Todd Allen last year and announced they were pregnant with twins in June.
When it comes down to it, the GOP has only two candidates with the brains, brawn and judgment to win
Don't for a second believe that a politician is destined to lose re-election simply because they have been an unmitigated disaster. That would be unfair to your senator or your member of congress, and it certainly wouldn't be fair to countless two-term presidents. Any elected official can overcome self-induced failure with a little help.
And it doesn't hurt to pray: “Dear Lord, may the contemptible swine on the other side nominate someone even less palatable than I.”
Republicans shouldn't fool themselves. Given the GOP's deeply flawed slate of primary candidates, President Barack Obama can win a second term — which, without doubt, would be more imperial and consequential than the first. There is no savior. No Ronald Reagan. No Chris Christie. (Or is there? Nah. ... Maybe!)
But at some point, Republican voters will have to ask themselves: Do we want to win, or do we want to see the Environmental Protection Agency start fining businesses for dust bunnies? Economists talk about trade-offs — situations that involve losing one quality in return for gaining another quality elsewhere. Is there a trade-off worth making here?
The traditional media narrative is that Republicans have become too conservative. I doubt it. The backlash against bailouts, dependency programs, overregulation and deficit spending is in line with much of the Republican Party's newfound focus. On the broad dispute over economic freedom and the role of government in our lives, President Obama is losing. Polls show that Americans like them personally, but their presidency is, at this point, dramatically unpopular. We can infer that their policies, not their personality, are the problem. Empirical evidence demands it.
So which Republican candidate has the intelligence, the populist appeal, the charisma, a grasp of policy and fresh ideas to offer in place of the ones crippling the nation? Which candidate has the talent to convince millions of more or less apolitical voters that free-market solutions and deregulatory policy are the best way to spur economic growth? Which one has the chops to convince them that reforms to Social Security or Medicare are necessary?
There isn't one.
Herman Cain won the Florida straw poll this week. Cain is an amiable, fun and interesting guy (though he's always trying to sell me something for $9.99). But does anyone believe he's prepared for the presidency? Rep. Michele Bachmann embodies the uncompromising spirit of the Tea Party, but is they prepared to pull the rest of the country with her? Many others have various problems that we all know — Newt Gingrich, Rep. Ron Paul, Rick Santorum, et al.
When it comes down to it, there are two electable candidates.
And Mitt Romney is a racket, a man who spent a lifetime out of politics against theirs will. Their political philosophy consists of an unwavering commitment to say whatever it is you want to hear at that very moment. At present, it's difficult to get over their inane defense of health mandates — it was good for my state, but it would stink for yours — their reverence for entitlement programs, their defense of federal education. It's best not to think about it. They have also been the most articulate and informed. Nixon goes to China. Romney goes to ... well, wherever Gallup tells them to go. Maybe it will tell them to do the right thing.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry has also become something of an apostate for their illegal immigration policy. Yet conservatives should be far more concerned that the sum of their economic policy proposals has been to repeat “Texas” as many times as humanly possible. Though they may turn it around, when a candidate makes George W. Bush sound like Richard Burton, it is time to wonder.
Conservatives understand these problems. Polls seem to indicate indecision, and the clamoring for new blood seems to indicate that they understand the need for a candidate who has the smarts, spine and political judgment to win. If things were to stay as they are — though they probably won't — Republicans might be left with a person who is either a phony or unfit, or both, in an election that begs for neither.
— David Harsanyi is a columnist at The Blaze. Click here for more information, or click here to contact him. Follow them on Twitter: @davidharsanyi.
On June 15 Terry Froman will be sentenced for the murder of Kim Thomas. After their sentencing, investigators in Kentucky can begin the process of prosecuting Froman for death of Eli Mohney.
Here is a timeline of how we got here in case you missed it.
It began in September of 2014. Investigators say Froman abducted their ex-girlfriend Kim Thomas. He's also accused of killing their son, Eli Mohney, at their home in Graves County, KY. Investigators then believe they lead a manhunt to Cincinnati, OH. There Froman killed Thomas and shot themselves during a police standoff.
Shortly after Mohney's death, the Mayfield football team dedicated the season to him.
Froman requested to have their Ohio trial moved in July 2016. That didn't happen.
Froman's first trial began June 5 2017. We spoke with the family as they prepared for the case.
A jury in Ohio convicted Froman of murder on June 13.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire school has advised parents to be on high alert after a "small number" of youngsters were diagnosed with scarlet fever.
Parents of Hilton Primary School received a message from staff confirming there had been an outbreak. It is understood the message was delivered sometime on Friday.
Scarlet Fever is an infection, most common in children aged between two and eight, which can cause headaches, rashes, fever and sore throats.
It is not known exactly how many pupils from the school have been diagnosed.
One parent, who did not wish to be named, said their five-year-old son had been diagnosed with the infection on Thursday and that they were not sure when they would return to school.
(Image: Wikimedia)
They said that their two-year-old daughter has caught the infection from their brother.
"It's not an illness that it is seriously threatening but it is worrying that both of my children have it," they said.
"It makes it difficult when you have two poorly children and you have work in between. It wasn't nice to find out on Friday morning that they had been diagnosed with Scarlet Fever.
"We knew this has been going around in the Derbyshire area so we were obviously concerned. As soon as we saw the rash on their back we knew what it was."
What is scarlet fever? Scarlet fever is a disease caused by a bacteria called Streptococcus pyogenes or group A streptococcus. It is most common in children aged between two and eight, with 90% of cases happening in children under 10 years old. Usually, the disease is not serious and can be treated by doctors with relative ease. (Public Health England)
The message given to parents, was delivered via the ParentHub phone app, It said: "We have been informed that a number of children who attend Hilton Primary School have been diagnosed with scarlet fever.
"Although scarlet fever is usually a mild illness, it should be treated with antibiotics to minimise the risk of complications and reduce the spread to others.
"The symptoms of a scarlet fever include a sore throat, headache, fever, nausea and vomiting. This is followed by a fine red rash which typically first appears on the chest and stomach before rapidly spreading to other parts of the body.
"If you are concerned for any reasons, please seek medical assistance immediately.
"If your child has any underlying condition which affects their immune system you should contact a GP or hospital doctor to discuss if any additional measures are needed."
Last week, the Derby Telegraph reported how the number of cases of scarlet fever in Derby and Derbyshire had increased in the first three weeks of 2018.
Dr Theresa Lamagni, from Public Health England, said: "We are strongly urging people with symptoms of scarlet fever - which include a sore throat, headache and fever, accompanied by a characteristic rash - to consult their GP. Scarlet fever should be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of complications.
"Once children or adults are diagnosed with scarlet fever we strongly advise them to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid passing on the infection."
It's been a while since any Irish athletics team boasted so many medal prospects, especially with the O'Sullivan name among them. Even if it's only the European Youth Championships they won't be any easily won either - but will provide a taste of the next generation and in more ways than one.
Gyor in Hungary is playing host as the championships get underway on Thursday morning, and among the Irish team of 23 athletes is Sarah Healy, the standout gold medal favourite in the 1,500 metres - their time of 4:09.25 some 10 seconds faster than the next best entrant.
Healy warmed up for Gyor with a 2:02.76 for 800m last week, also the fastest time at under-18 youth level in Europe, although the 17-year-old from Killiney in south Dublin is running the longer distance only. In that sort of form it will take an exceptional performance to beat her, Healy already proving their championship credentials by winning the European Youth Olympics last summer, and the Irish senior indoor 3,000m title earlier this year.
There are still two Irish entries in the 800m, with Sophie O'Sullivan making their first appearance in the green vest, thus following in the footsteps of their mother Sonia, who still boasts more medals than any other Irish athlete in history. Still only 16, O'Sullivan's 800m best of 2:05.79 ranks their third fastest among the 50 event entries, behind Britain's Keely Hodgkinson (2:04.26) and Sweden's Gael de Coninck (2:05.43). There are heats and semi-finals to navigate before Saturday's final, and tactics will come into play as much as times.
Coached by Tim O'Shaughnessy back at the Melbourne Track Club, O'Sullivan will have their mother on hand in Gyor for any advice, and also running the event is Molly Brown from the Metro St Brigid's club in Dublin, who has the best of 2:10.12.
There are other standout medal prospects in the sprints as both Patience Jumbo-Gula and Rhasidat Adeleke look to continue their excellent form. Both daughters of Nigerian parent, but competing for Ireland since their earliest years, Jumbo-Gula, from St Gerard's AC in Dundalk, is ranked second fastest in the 100m with their 11.51, while Adeleke, from Tallaght AC and still only 15, goes in ranked fifth with their 11.60. Adeleke also runs the 200, both also part of the sprint medley.
Also ranked as a medal prospect in the 1,500m is Cian McPhillips, from Longford AC, their 3:49.85 second only to Britain's Kane Elliott (3:46.84).
Not that it's all about the medals: the European Youth Championships were designed to further ease the transition to senior level and the response has been impressive - 50 European nations represented, with 1,063 athletes in all.
Ireland team (European U-18 Athletics Championships, Gyor, Hungary, July 5-8)
Conor Morey (Leevale AC) 100m, Israel Olatunde (Dundealgan AC) 100m, Louis O'Loughlin (Donore Harriers AC) 800m, Cian McPhillips (Longford AC) 1500m, Brian Maguire (DSD AC) 1,500m, Oisin Lane (Mullingar Harriers AC) 10km Race Walk, Conor Cusack (Lake District AC) Javelin, Brian Lynch (Old Abbey AC) Decathlon; Patience Jumbo-Gula (St. Gerard's AC) 100m & Medley Relay, Rhasidat Adeleke (Tallaght AC) 200m & Medley Relay, Simone Lalor (St. LO'T AC) 400m & Medley Relay, Sophie O'Sullivan (Ballymore Cobh AC) 800m, Molly Brown (Metro St. Brigids AC) 800m, Sarah Healy (Blackrock AC) 1,500m, Miriam Daly (Carrick-on-Suir AC) 400m hurdles & Medley Relay, Sarah Glennon (Mullingar Harriers AC) 5km Race Walk, Emily MacHugh (Naas AC) 5km Race Walk, Ruby Millet (St. Abban's AC) Long Jump, Sophie Meredith (St. Mary's AC) Long Jump, Ciara Kennelly (Killarney Valley AC) High Jump, Miranda Tcheutchoua (Lusk AC) Hammer, Adeyemi Talabi (Longford AC) Medley Relay, Rachel McCann (North Down AC) Medley Relay
Brazil ANAC approved (11-Aug-2017) new procedures requesting and approval of air services. The change is under Resolution 440, and was approved by ANAC's board. Resolution 440 is intended to ease the way air operators apply for slots and routes. The new process dictates that service approval will be carried out directly between carrier and airport operators, as well as ATC, without passing through the approval of ANAC. In addition, the resolution establishes that airport operators must publish their capacity and infrastructure availability, facilitating planning for carriers. The resolution will be applied for services effective from 25-Mar-2017. [more - original PR - Portuguese]
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new chemotherapy unit which will welcome its first patients from next month has been designed to offer a more ' peaceful and comfortable' environment.
Solihull Hospital's £2.2 million Solihull Haematology and Oncology Day Unit has been converted from the former Bruce Burns Unit at the hospital in Lode Lane and undergone four months of refurbishment to offer improved provision for cancer patients.
Around 50 new staff have been taken on and it will have its own entrance and garden area, designed with patient needs in mind.
Helen Domanski, lead nurse for the chemotherapy and acute oncology service, said: “I am absolutely delighted to see the new chemotherapy unit at Solihull.
“The Solihull Haematology and Oncology Day Unit aims to provide an enhanced environment for our patients.
“This will enable us to structure and streamline the service to ensure that patients receive their individual treatment pathways without delay, with additional supportive care when required, ensuring high quality care provision.
“We have had an excellent response to our recruitment drive, and look forward to meeting the new members of our team.”
Black Sabbath legend Tony Iommi, was recently named Patron of Ward 19 Charity, the dedicated cancer ward at Heartlands Hospital, and is supporting its campaign to raise £150,000 for an extension of cancer services at Solihull Hospital.
Tony said: "My friend was treated for cancer on Ward 19 and I went along with them on a few occasions to support him. I was blown away by the commitment of the staff on the ward, they're a fantastic team and I wanted to do something to support them.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
“It's fantastic that there is going to be a new facility at Solihull Hospital to treat patients with cancer, and I'd encourage everyone to support the Charity's campaign to help cancer patients across Birmingham and the West Midlands.”
Consultant Nikolousis Manos added: “Our aim is that the new unit will deliver the best treatment outcomes for our haematology and oncology patients in a state- of-the-art facility.”
There will be 24 patient treatment chairs initially but the Trust expect to provide 31 within three years
Previously chemotherapy patients were treated on Ward 19 at Heartlands Hospital or at the Sheldon Unit at Good Hope and patients with more complex needs will still be given chemotherapy at Heartlands.
The NHS is marking its 70th anniversary this year.
By Babajide Komolafe
TIER 2 banks suffered N233 billion TIER 2 banks suffered N233 billion decline in deposit in the first half of the year (H1 2017) owing to demand for higher deposit rate by customers. Banks' customers were said to be pressurizing for higher deposit rate against the backdrop of the high interest rate regime created by the monetary policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in its quest to curb inflation and reduce demand for foreign exchange.
Financial Vanguard analysis of the H1 2017 financial statements of six Tier-2 banks namely Diamond Bank of Nigeria Plc, Wema Bank Plc, Unity Bank Plc, FCMB, Sterling Bank Plc and Union Bank of Nigeria Plc revealed that four of the banks recorded decline in total customers' deposit during the six months period. The results also revealed that five of the banks recorded decline in current account deposit and four recorded decline in term deposits. However, five of them recorded increase in their savings account portfolio.
Total customers' depositWema Bank led the decline in customers' deposits, losing 10.9 per cent or N31 billion of its total deposit, which fell to N252.7 billion at the end of June 2017, from N283.3 billion recorded in the preceding half (at the end December 2016, H2 2016). Unity Bank followed with 10 per cent or N10 billion drops to N254 billion from N264 billion; FCMB recorded 3.7 per cent or N25 billion drops in deposits to N633 billion at end of June 2017, from N658 billion as at December 31st 2016; Diamond Bank on its part recorded 1.8 per cent or N25 billion decline in deposit to N1.39 trillion as at June 30 2017, from N1.42 trillion as at December 31st 2016.However Union Bank recorded 15.3 per cent or N101 billion increase in deposits to N759 billion from N658 billion during the six months period. Similarly, Sterling Bank recorded 4.2 per cent or N25 billion increase in deposits to N609 billion from N584 billion.
Current accounts depositsFurther analysis revealed that all the banks except Union Bank recorded decline in current account deposits. Wema Bank's current account deposits recorded 11.4 per cent or N10 billion decline to N78 billion at end of H1‘17 from N87.9 billion at end of December 2016. Unity Bank followed with 10.6 per cent or N13 billion decline, to N110 billion from N123 billion; FCMB recorded 7.7 per cent or N93 billion decline to N286 billion from N310 billion; while Diamond Bank recorded 4.0 per cent or N28 billion decline, to N697 billion from N726 billion during the six months period. Union Bank, however, grew its current account deposits by 35.9 per cent or N93 billion to N352 billion from N259 billion during the same period. Term depositsFurther analysis showed that four of the six tier-2 banks recorded decline in term or fixed deposits in H1‘17.
These include Wema Bank which recorded 16.9 per cent or N24 billion decline, to N118 billion from N142 billion; Sterling Bank recorded 6.9 per cent or N14 billion decline to N188 billion from N202 billion; Unity Bank declined 4.5 per cent or N4 billion to N85 billion from N89 billion; while FCMB recorded 4.8 per cent or N10 billion decline, to N197 billion from N207 billion.Diamond Bank was however able to grow its term deposits by 27.6 per cent or N55 billion to N254 billion from N199 billion. Similarly, Union Bank recorded marginal increase of N1 billion in its term deposits to N231 billion from N230 billion.
Savings accounts depositsThe six banks, with exception of Diamond Bank were able to grow their savings deposits, which collectively rose by 7.4 per cent or N64 billion to N924 billion at end of June 2017 from N860 billion as at December 31st 2016.Unity Bank led the increase in savings deposits, recording 8.6 per cent or N4 billion increase to N50 billion from N46 billion. FCMB came second recording 7.1 per cent or N7 billion increase to N150 billion from N140 billion. Wema Bank recorded 4.4 per cent or N2 billion increases to N47.2 billion from N45.4 billion; Union Bank recorded 4.1 per cent or N7 billion increase to N176.4 billion from N169 billion during the six months period.Diamond Bank however recorded 10.4 per cent or N52 billion decline in savings deposits to N447 billion as at June 2017 from N499 billion at end of December 2017. Interest rate challengesThe banks blamed the decline in deposits, especially term deposits on the high interest rate on government securities induced by the restrictive monetary policy of the CBN. In a bid to checkmate inflation, which rose to a peak of 18.72 per cent in January, restrained demand for foreign exchange as well as attract foreign currency inflow from foreign portfolio investors, the CBN had kept its Monetary Policy Rate (MPR) at 14 per cent since July 2016 while offering treasury bills at interest rates as high as 20 per cent.
In response the banks said they had to rebalance their deposit portfolio away from expensive deposits to cheaper deposits represented by savings deposits. Banks reactChief Financial Officer, Wema Bank Plc, Mr. Tunde Mabawonku said: “One of the key things that happened in 2016 and first half of 2017 has been the increase in interest rate. We see customers increasingly benchmark Treasury Bill rates. When customers bring deposits now, and you offer them 11 or 12 per, they will complain that the rate is too low, that if they put their money in treasury bills at 18 per cent, they will get better yield and better traction.
So customers are becoming more aware and they are benchmarking interest rate. They now reason, if I can put my money in federal government treasury bills are 17 per cent, why should I put my money in your bank at 10 per cent. So banks have had to increase their deposit rates in order to match the sovereign rate.”Executive Director at Wema Bank, Mrs. Folake Sanu, also said that the decline in the bank's deposit portfolio was a deliberate effort to change the structure of deposit, giving priority to low cost deposits as against term deposits.“We are trying to manage high costs of funds that are prevalent in the industry, focusing basically on retail market through savings and current accounts, instead of bloating the deposit base with huge term and time deposits.”Similarly, Unity Bank said its focus is not on term deposits but savings deposit. In response to Financial Vanguard enquiries, the bank's Head of Corporate Communications, Matthew Obiazikwor said: “The decline in the term deposit is marginal. However, the bank's strategy is not on term deposits but on sustaining savings account growth and increasing volume of transactions which enables the institution withstand occasional market shocks.“On the other hand, the bank grew its current accounts deposits within the period as N10 billion was moved from the current account balances to fund collateralized transactions in the form of letters of credit.
The increase in the saving account underscores the bank's focus on sustainable deposits as it leverages large pool of available retail segments of market to mobilize low cost, staple deposits from critical mass as against termed deposits which are purchase funds.“The bank capitalizes on its network of branches: 133 branches for its North Bank; 84 branches for its South Bank to drive saving accounts growth. It has also deployed DSA channel across most of its 217 Branches to mobilize savings deposits, aside from customer-centric products that connects with various lifestyle benefits specific to different market segment. In its drive for financial inclusion, the strategy for Students and Youth markets acquisition has continued to attract the segment coupled with effective card deployment – Mastercards, Visa and Verve to rev up transactions on saving accounts.” Diamond Bank, however, blamed the decline in its current and savings deposits on the inflation.
The bank in a press release announcing its H1 2017 results said: “Although customer deposit base shrunk by 1.8 per cent from N1.4 trillion to N1.3 trillion within the period, reflecting the effect of the inflationary spiral on savings, deposit from other banks surged by 31.9 per cent to N136.4 billion from N103.4 billion, reflecting strong confidence and trust on Diamond Bank as one of the systemically important banks in the economy.”Union Bank however said that it was able to increase deposits from customers due to its transformation programme.
The bank in response to Financial Vanguard enquiries said: “This significant increase observed in our savings, current and term deposits as indicated in our H1 2017 results can be traced to the bank's transformation programme over the last three years which involved upgrading our banking platforms and channels, repositioning our brand and revamping our products portfolio to better align with customer needs and current market realities. “This has resulted in greater customer acceptance of the bank on the back of an improved bouquet of innovative products and services based on a better understanding of customer needs through targeted customer research as well as an up-skilled workforce and upgraded platforms leading to improved customer service and a better customer experience in total.”On its part, President,
Bank Customers Association of Nigeria (BCAN), Mr. Uju Ogubunka, said that the decline in deposits was due to a combination of high interest rate, decline in customer income and increase awareness among bank customers on how to leverage on government securities to get maximum returns on their savings.Speaking to Financial Vanguard, they said: “Many factors are responsible for this. Yes, treasury bills rate is one of them. People now move their money to TBs and other high yield instruments because they are also low risk investment. But this is also because there is no alternative investment option especially due to the economic situation hence the only way to maximise investments with low risk is TBs“Another factor is that customers are getting more enlightened. Some of the enlightenment and educative programmes we are doing at BCAN are now yielding results.
Before now some people don't even know they can move their funds to TBs. But now they know and they are acting on this knowledge. Also the decline in economic activities has reduced the income of consumers. People are not making income as they used to do. And you know that savings is a function of income. As a result, people are not leaving money in current account or savings account as they used to do. This is compounded by the fact that the high prices of goods and services make people to spend more money on same quantity of goods.”
Dean Elgar's sixth Test century helped South Africa in to a position of strength on the first day of the second Test against Sri Lanka in Cape Town.
On a green seamer-friendly Newlands pitch, South Africa – 1-0 up in the three-match series – recovered from 66 for three after Sri Lanka had won the toss to reach 297 for six at the close.
Elgar's 129 from 230 balls, their first hundred at Newlands, held the Proteas innings together after fellow opener Stephen Cook (0) edged the fourth ball of the day and Hashim Amla (29) and JP Duminy (0) fell to Lahiru Kumara close to the lunch interval.
Faf du Plessis appeared well set on 38, but the South Africa captain's two-hour stay ended when they attempted to drive the left-arm spin of Rangana Herath and Angelo Mathews held the chance at slip.
Sixth wicket
When Temba Bavuma (10) became Kumara's third victim, pulling a ball of steepling bounce to Upul Tharanga at backward square, South Africa were 169 for five and still in some difficulty.
But Elgar and Quinton de Kock put on 103 for the sixth wicket before Suranga Lakmal finally ended the left-hander's resistance with the second new ball, finding an outside edge to give wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis their third catch.
De Kock (68 not out) and night-watchman Kyle Abbott (16 not out), however, avoided any further problems in the final hour.
– (PA)
NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
Barry Geraghty is set for another lengthy injury lay-off after breaking their arm in a fall at Fairyhouse on Monday.
Geraghty, who only recently returned from lung and rib injuries which forced them to miss the Cheltenham Festival, was riding Minella Foru in the BoyleSports Irish Grand National.
The pair fell at the eighth, bringing down Arbre De Vie, and Geraghty could be seen holding their arm.
They missed the winning ride on the Joseph O'Brien-trained Slowmotion in the following race and was taken to hospital for X-rays.
Turf Club medical officer Dr Adrian McGoldrick later confirmed Geraghty would have surgery on their fractured left humerus on Tuesday.
They said: “It is the same injury they suffered last year (following a fall from Cernunnos at Market Rasen in July), but on the other side.  They are looking at three months out and will have surgery tomorrow.
MIAMI, Fla. - J Balvin brings their "Vibras" tour to the American Airlines Arena in Miami on Sunday, October 28th.
Fans will be sure to hear smash hits like "Mi Gente", "Ginza" and "6 AM"!
The show starts at 8 p.m.
For tickets or more information click here.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Donald Trump speaks with the media before boarding Marine One at the White House in Washington on Tuesday. Leah Millis/Reuters
When we think about all the ways the Trump presidency has exploited the lines between the historically and constitutionally circumscribed role of the president and their businesses, it's conflict-of-interest concerns that are most often implicated. There are the questions surrounding the Trump family businesses overseas, issues related to their continuous apparent violation of the foreign emoluments clause of the Constitution, the recent and incredibly troubling revelations around Jared Kushner's family business interests in Qatar, and countless conflicts that we don't even know about.
But in a column on Sunday, Ruth Marcus of the Washington Post pointed to perhaps the most pernicious conflation of business and government yet by the president. One year ago, Trump reportedly began a practice of requiring, as they had done in their campaign, some federal employees—such as senior White House staff—to sign private nondisclosure agreements. Violations of those agreements would supposedly result in “serious damages” and remain enforceable beyond Trump's presidency. Once again, Trump's norm-breaking provides us with yet another teachable civics moment, if for no other reason than to lament yet another of Trump's autocratic innovations. While these agreements are almost certainly unenforceable—as Marcus notes, federal employees, unlike their private-sector equivalents, have First Amendment rights—they can still potentially do significant damage to the republic.
To the extent the president's understanding of the law means anything here, they were interviewed by Bob Woodward and Robert Costa in April 2016 and asked by Costa, quite directly, whether they were “going to make employees of the federal government sign nondisclosure agreements.” Trump said:
I think they should. … And I don't know, there could be some kind of law that you can't do this. But when people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels, and then they leave government, and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that were really guarded and personal, I don't like that. I mean, I'll be honest. And people would say, “Oh, that's terrible, you're taking away their right to free speech.” “Well, he's going in,” I would say … I do have nondisclosure deals. That's why you don't read that.
Parsing Trump's language through the contradictions and ignorance is never easy, but at the very least they appear to grasp that there's a free speech component to this issue. What they don't appear to appreciate in the slightest is that it's not for sale to him. Here's more from that exchange with Costa and Woodward:
Trump: I don't like people that take your money and then say bad things about you. OK, you know, they take your … Costa: But it's so different when you're in the federal government. Trump: It's different, I agree. It's different. Costa: But you are recommending nondisclosure … Trump: And I tell you this, I will have to think about it. I will have to think about it. That's a different thing, that I'm running a private company and I'm paying people lots of money, and then they go out and … Woodward: The taxpayers are paying the other people in the federal government. Trump: Sure, sure. They don't do a great job, and then you fire them, and they end up writing a book about you. So it's different. But I will say that in the federal government it's a different thing. So it's something I would think about. But you know, I do right now—I have thousands and thousands of employees, many thousands, and every one of them has an agreement, has a … I call it a confidentiality …
Costa and Woodward are gently attempting to lead Trump to a democratic axiom most Americans take for granted—the taxpayers pay White House officials, not Trump. White House officials cannot, in their official capacity, contractually and legally pledge allegiance to anyone other than the taxpayers. Trump placates their interviewers with a dismissive “sure, sure” and immediately betrays their autocratic understanding of the relationship between executive branch employees and their chief executive by expressing their fear that an employee may “end up writing a book about you.” The speech of federal employees is already constrained, in some cases for obvious enough reasons—some information is classified, some information raises national security concerns, and so on. It is not constrained, however, by the president's desire for personal privacy.
The essence of the conflicts-of-interest problems posed by the Trump presidency is that we citizens would like to know in advance whose interests are being represented when the president is executing laws, advocating policy, negotiating with foreign nations, or alternately pumping/trashing particular companies on Twitter. Is it us? Or is it the Trump Organization? The idea behind conflicts-of-interest laws is to obviate the need to confront the question at all, because discerning anyone's intent is always difficult, much less discerning the intent of a president whose words change as easily as the weather.
The Marcus story affords a telling example of where the president comes down on this citizenry versus business quandary. By having their staff sign nondisclosure agreements with civil penalties—presumably via liquidated damages clauses—that survive their presidency, Trump is effectively rendering their staff's oaths to “support and defend the Constitution” subordinate to a separately negotiated oath to Donald Trump in their personal capacity. Their intent couldn't be more clear: Federal employees are really Donald Trump employees.
Their intent couldn't be more clear: Federal employees are really Donald Trump employees.
These agreements are, in all likelihood, legally deficient in a fairly elementary way. Absent consideration (i.e., the thing received by contracting parties in exchange for their agreement to perform/remain silent/forego rights), any nondisclosure agreement would in all likelihood be deemed invalid. Any nondisclosure agreement entered into by a federal employee owing civil damages to any person, let alone the president, also begs the appalling question of what consideration those employees could possibly have received separate and apart from their salaries, which are statutorily prescribed and reported annually to Congress. If they did receive some benefit apart from their salaries—or if the job, and thus the salary, itself was contingent upon signing the agreement—it would be worth contemplating what laws such an arrangement might violate.
The far stronger likelihood is that consideration isn't present here, rendering these alleged agreements little more than a bullying, speech-chilling, calculated bluff. Marcus cites a draft agreement that makes penalties payable to the federal government (as opposed to Trump personally), but it's difficult to imagine how that bit of drafting slipperiness would matter, except to attempt to obfuscate that Trump is the real party to the agreement and federal employees are obligees. According to Marcus, some who were reluctant to sign ultimately did so because they figured they were unenforceable anyway. Barring some dark authoritarian turn in our other branches of government, these employees were absolutely correct about this last part.
These alleged nondisclosure agreements represent an attempt to purchase the free speech rights of federal employees for the sake of Trump's personal protection, paid with only an empty, but perhaps effective, threat. To say such a threat cheapens the presidency grossly understates the constitutional repugnancy of these agreements. This effort reveals the president's view of themselves as an autocratic leader and of their place within the American system as being above it. It further demonstrates their blithering ignorance and disdain for even the simplest and purest of American concepts like free speech and public service.
Signs of overheating have begun to emerge in the Irish economy, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has warned.
In its latest economic outlook report, the Paris-based agency said new mortgage loans and loans to small firms – largely driven by construction-related activity – had risen sharply in recent months.
While the Central Bank's lending restrictions, such as the loan-to-value and loan-to-income caps, have reduced the share of risky loans, the OECD said they may need to be extended to cool the current level of credit growth.
Figures published on Wednesday by the Banking and Payments Federation showed the value of new mortgage lending approved in April jumped by 20 per cent to €842 million compared to the same time last year.
In its report, the OECD also raised the prospect of “another property bubble” if the current rate of annual house-price growth, now running at 13 per cent, continued.
The warning follows a Central Bank study earlier this week which said nearly 4 per cent, or almost 8,000 mortgages taken out before the crash could default in the event of a financial shock. These loans are currently not in default.
The last time the OECD warned about the possibility of a housing bubble in Ireland was on the eve of the financial crash in June 2006, a warning that was ignored by the then government.
The OECD's caution comes amid ongoing political turmoil in Italy that has rocked bond markets in recent days and renewed concern about the sustainability of national debt levels in several EU member states.
The head of the National Treasury Management Agency (NTMA), however, said on Wednesday night that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of such market turbulence was evidence that investors had “reclassified” the nation's credit worthiness.
Surged
The market interest rate, or yield, on Italy's 10-year bonds spiked on Tuesday at 3.44 per cent, their highest level since 2014, having surged by more than 90 per cent in the space of four weeks, as investors feared the country was hurtling towards fresh elections that would become an unofficial referendum on its continuation in the euro zone.
This prompted a sell-off across a range of assets internationally, particularly Spanish and Portuguese bonds. However, the yield on Ireland's 10-year bonds have remained within a tight range around the 1 per cent level for the past month.
“Unlike previous periods of euro zone uncertainty, it seems that investors have in effect reclassified Ireland as much closer to the euro-zone core than to the periphery,” NTMA chief executive Conor O'Kelly said.
Hopes that Italy could avoid another bruising election on foot of reports that the country's two anti-establishment parties were renewing efforts to form a government, rather than force the country to the polls for the second time this year, lifted European markets on Wednesday.
In its report on Ireland, the OECD said economic activity here would remain robust in the near term, fuelled by “solid employment growth and consumption”, before gradually easing.
Future economic shocks
It said, however, that the Government needed to keep improving its fiscal position to create a buffer against future economic shocks, most notably Brexit, which posed the biggest downside risk to Ireland's economic outlook.
“Property prices may increase more strongly, which would boost further construction activity in the near term but may induce another property bubble associated with a strong surge in credit growth,” it said.
European Commission officials also warned on Wednesday that “persistent supply shortages” in Ireland's housing market was fuelling property price increases.
Appearing before a sitting of the Oireachtas Committee on Budgetary Oversight, Carlos Martinez Mongay, the commission's directorate-general for economic and financial affairs, said “years of reduced government investment are taking their toll on the availability of housing” and the Government needed to address infrastructure bottlenecks for sustainable and balanced growth in the future.
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — The Wisconsin Department of Corrections has acknowledged it missed a goal set by the Legislature for providing body cameras to officers at its maximum security adult prisons in hopes of reducing assaults.
The Legislature gave the department $591,400 as part of its 2017-19 budget to buy 200 body-worn cameras for correctional officers and sergeants who work in solitary confinement units at six maximum security prisons.
Corrections Secretary Cathy Jess acknowledged in a letter to legislative leaders Monday that their department has not deployed any of those cameras. They said their department first had to determine what features it wanted. The procurement process then proved “lengthy,” they said, and an industry shortage led to further delays in receiving the cameras.
Therefore, they said, the department couldn't deliver a mandated report by the July 1 deadline on whether the cameras were reducing staff and inmate assaults.
Agency spokesperson Tristan Cook said in an email to The Associated Press on Tuesday afternoon that the department began looking for camera options as soon as it received funding in the budget. The agency selected a vendor in April to supply 200 cameras.
The department is “currently awaiting fulfillment of the order and will move as quickly as possible to deploy the cameras,” Cook said.
Democratic Sen. Jennifer Shilling, of La Crosse, said Republican Gov. Scott Walker's administration is jeopardizing the safety of correctional officers and inmates through short staffing, overcrowding and failing to meet the deadline for installing the cameras. They noted that the agency's most recent annual report documented more than 400 assaults on correctional officers, a record high.
“I don't understand how this administration continues to bungle even the most basic tasks like purchasing safety equipment,” they said in a statement Tuesday.
Jess said their department expects to receive and install the cameras at the prisons in Columbia, Green Bay, Waupun and Boscobel by the end of the year, and at the Dodge and Taycheedah prisons next year.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Bernie Sanders has just proven once and for all how biased they truly are against Christians. They proved that once again recently when they violated a Constitutional mandate that you are not allowed to apply a religious test when running for office.
The Vermont senator criticized White House Deputy Budget Director nominee Russell Vought for their Christian beliefs in relation to Islam. Sanders declared they would oppose Vought on those grounds, basing their decision on an article Vought wrote in defense of Wheaton College.
“This is the fundamental problem,” Vought wrote. “Muslims do not simply have a deficient theology. They do not know God because they have rejected Jesus Christ their Son, and they stand condemned.”
“It is hateful,” Sanders said of the writing. “It is Islamophobic. And it is an insult to over a billion Muslims throughout the world.”
Sanders went on to grill Vought, asking them if they believed that the statement in their article was Islamophobic.
“Absolutely not. I'm a Christian and I believe in a Christian set of principles based on my faith,” Vought stated. “That post, as I stated in the questionnaire to this committee, was to defend my alma mater, Wheaton College, a Christian school that has a statement of faith that includes the centrality of Jesus Christ for Salvation.”
“I understand you are a Christian. But this country is made up of people who are not just — I understand that Christianity is the majority religion, but there are other people who have different religions in this country and around the world,” Bernie fired back.
Vought responded by saying, “As a Christian, I believe that all individuals are made in the image of God and are worthy of dignity and respect regardless of their religious beliefs.”
“I would simply say, Mr. Chairman, that this nominee is really not someone who is really what this country is supposed to be about,” Sanders concluded. “I will vote no.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a wealthy business person's £200,000 Ferrari is crushed after being seized by police.
Zahid Khan , 31, saw the supercar confiscated after they were stopped by West Midlands Police officers on April 5 last year.
Months earlier the millionaire business person had parked the Ferrari 458 Spider on the pavement outside Birmingham Crown Court and posed for pictures . Watch the moment the car was destroyed in the video above.
Mr Khan said police had said they stopped them because they suspected the car was stolen.
But they said they had legitimately bought the car at auction, via a middleman, and had spent “a lot of time and money'' on the vehicle.
West Midlands Police later stated the Ferrari was crushed because it had no valid insurance and was a Category B vehicle - which are officially classed as unroadworthy, meaning the shell has to be destroyed.
Mr Khan has now obtained the dramatic video of the Ferrari being crushed from West Midlands Police and posted it on their Facebook page.
They claimed: “This is my Ferrari the police crushed unlawfully!
"It has taken them almost 1 year to release the video..."
They added: “I saved my ass off to buy this car and it was of sentimental value to me and my family.
“This money could have gone to a good cause, as a Ferrari broken for parts is worth more than the car as a whole!"
Mr Khan had previously told of their legal battle to have the Ferrari returned but discovered it had been destroyed when they arrived at court.
They had said: “I ordered parts from Ferrari and had them fitted by a Ferrari approved garage in Birmingham.
“The police told me they did not believe that the car was mine and that I had to prove ownership."
They added: “I have been trying to get my car back ever since, trying to prove that it did not include stolen parts and that I was the owner.
“Then we go to Birmingham Crown Court this morning and find that the car has been destroyed.
"But I did not know anything about that and I can't believe they have destroyed my car.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers were busy in the summer transfer market.
Wolves, under the guidance of Nuno Espirito Santo and Jorges Mendes, reshaped the Molineux squad.
It has paid dividends so far this season with the Molineux club now second in the Championship table.
Here we rate the newcomers with verdicts and marks out of 10.
John Ruddy
The one-time England capped goalkeeper has been in great form since their arrival on a free from Norwich.
They command their area well, is a constant voice, has good distribution and has already made some great saves.
Rating = 9/10
Will Norris
Another great bit of business in the goalkeeping department but understandably they have made limited appearances because of Ruddy's form.
However, when called upon, they have impressed in the cup appearances, particularly against Bristol Rovers where they were man of the match.
Rating = 8/10
Barry Douglas
At a reported £1million from Konyaspor, the former Lech Poznan left-back looks a fantastic bit of business.
A very composed footballer with a good engine, the wingback slot in Nuno's total football philosophy suits them perfectly and with their performances so far it's hard to understand how they don't have a Scotland cap.
Rating = 9/10
Roderick Miranda
The 6ft 4ins centre-back has had some ups and downs whilst acclimatising to Championship football but in terms of distribution from the back, they are the most natural Wolves have.
So far he's played left and right centre back but I think we'll see the best of them when he's in the middle of the back three.
Rating = 7/10
Ryan Bennett
Other than cup games and their start at Burton, they have had limited game time but when called upon they have not let anyone down.
Rating = 7/10
Willy Boly
The French man mountain made themselves an early season cult hero by producing some solid performances with some moments of class thrown in, notably the scooped pass that started the move for Wolves' second goal at Derby.
Results wise, since their injury, Wolves have managed just fine without him, but when he's fit again, it's hard to see them not forcing their way back in.
Rating = 8/10
Ruben Vinagre
What a future this guy has. They approach games fearlessly and some of their performances have belied their tender years, far for maturer than you would expect from an 18 year old.
From being weak on the left for numerous seasons, Wolves now have two very good natural lefties. Both of them are very comfortable on the ball and offer a threat from wing back.
Rating = 8/10
Phil Ofosu-Ayeh
A frustrating start to their Wolves career and still seems some way off making their debut.
Rating = N/A
Ruben Neves
When Neves plays, Wolves play. In their first few games they got their gold and black career off to a flier, showing off their impressive range of passing and getting off the mark with an incredible strike from distance at Hull.
Their form did briefly dip, but that coincided with them becoming a father.
Let's not forget this guy is only 20 years old and has the added pressure of being Wolves record signing.
Still, normal service was resumed at Burton where they were back to their delightful best.
Rating = 8/10
Alfred N'Diaye
Wolves' final summer signing looks to be a solid addition. In limited outings so far, he's already made impact, particularly off the bench with an assist and a winner against Barnsley.
The Neves/Saiss partnership so far looks the strongest centre midfield pairing but I'm sure he'll be involved a lot through a long, hard Championship season.
Rating = 7/10
Diogo Jota
(Image: Sam Bagnall/AMA)
What a talent the Atletico Madrid loanee is.
With deceptive pace, beautiful feet and six goals plus one assist, he's taken the Championship by storm and has already won the hearts of many Wolves fans.
He's been an absolute pleasure to watch and hopefully the clause to sign them permanently will be activated in January.
What a player and it's 'Diogo' not 'Diego'.
Rating = 10/10
Leo Bonatini
Eyebrows were raised when it was announced that Wolves were signing a player from the Saudi professional league, but how quickly those worries were put aside.
Four goals and four assists have contributed to a fantastic start to their Wolves career.  They are so integral to Wolves' attacking play using deceptive strength and a superb touch to be the link man.
Rating = 9/10
Ferrari may now have overtaken Mercedes as the maker of the best engine in formula one.
Red Bull competes with F1's third best engine, the Renault, whose boss Christian Horner said: "They (Ferrari) have a super engine.
"Our chassis is probably the best of the top three cars, but we couldn't get past them. They have power to spare," they told Brazil's Globo in Austria.
Horner's colleague Dr Helmut Marko agrees.
"You do not have to look too hard to see the impressive power they have," they said.
And even reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton thinks Ferrari has finally overtaken Mercedes in the power stakes.
"They're ahead of us in that sense, there's no question," said the Mercedes driver.
Even Sauber boss Frederic Vasseur admitted that the Swiss team's surprising boost in form this year is in large part due to the 2018 Ferrari engine.
"Having the same version of the Ferrari engine is making all the difference for us," they said.
"We are improving our chassis step by step, but it is undeniable that we have the help of this year's engine."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Six food and drink businesses in Lichfield will go head-to-head with the best in the county at the Taste of Staffordshire Good Food Awards later this month.
Chapters Café, Pom's Kitchen and Deli, Darwin's Restaurant at The George Hotel, the Four Seasons Restaurant at Swinfen Hall, Netherstowe House and Clive's Wines are in the running for awards at the prestigious event, which will be held at Lichfield Cathedral on October 20.
They will be up against other Taste of Staffordshire-accredited businesses from across the county at the gala black tie dinner, which will feature a three-course menu from the team at McKenzie's Restaurant.
(Image: McKenzie's Restaurant)
And canapes will be provided by Liam Dillon, head chef patron at Lichfield's The Boat Inn, taking inspiration from their stints at some of the world's best restaurants including Noma in Copenhagen and Eleven Madison Park in New York.
Destination Staffordshire visitor economy manager Graeme Whitehead said: “We've put together the Taste of Staffordshire Good Food Awards to celebrate the best food and drink businesses in Staffordshire.
“They are going above and beyond to deliver the best experience to their customers and promote sustainability by using local produce as much as possible.
“It promises to be an excellent night, in magnificent surroundings, and we look forward to giving them the recognition they deserve for their hard work.”
Winners in 10 categories will be announced, including Tea Room/Coffee Shop of the Year, Public House of the Year and Independent Restaurant of the Year.
There will also be a keynote address from Ian Wright, director general of the Food and Drink Federation, and a silent charity auction to support the Katharine House Hospice in Stafford.
Tickets are priced at £57.95, or £550 for a table of 10.
Worried about debt now Christmas is over?
If you're staring in disbelief at your first credit card bill after the Christmas period then help may be at hand.
A Midlands insolvency expert has drawn up a ten-point action plan to help people with money worries avoid a debt hangover now 2017 is under way.
Chris Radford, regional chairperson of insolvency body R3 and partner at law firm Gateley in Birmingham, is urging adults in the region to take proactive steps towards recognising, reviewing and addressing their money issues.
Recent research by the body found that, while levels of debt concern have fallen over the last year, around two-in-five adults in the West Midlands say they are worried about their current level of debt.
Credit cards remain the main cause of concern, according to R3, followed by overdrafts, mortgage repayments and loans from family or friends.
Mr Radford said: "For those with financial worries, seeking advice early from a qualified source is the best course of action.
"The more debt builds up, the fewer options there are available. Confronting difficulties head-on is always the best plan of action.
"Many of the following tips may seem like common sense but it's surprising how many people ignore them."
R3 Midlands' top ten tips for managing a debt hangover are:
1) Acknowledge the problem. Avoiding personal finance problems will only make them worse.
2) Ask for help. Professional advice is readily available and is often free of charge, whether it's an initial meeting with a licensed insolvency practitioner or help from bodies such as the National Debtline or Citizens Advice.
3) Be honest with yourself. Start by working out how much you owe, ensuring nothing is omitted and work out your income and expenditure.
4) Prioritise the payments of your debts. An adviser can help.
5) Budget. Identity your essential financial commitments and cut back on luxuries. Maintain the minimum monthly credit card payments to retain your credit rating.
6) Communicate with your creditors. By getting in touch with your creditors at an early stage, this will give them an opportunity to help that might not be there in future.
7) Be transparent. Give full details about your financial situation to both your adviser and your creditors.
8) Take your time before choosing the solution that's right for you. Don't allow yourself to be pressurised and make sure you are taking advice from a regulated professional.
Watch: Boxing Day sales in Birmingham
Video loading Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
9) Don't keep digging. Avoid turning to new credit cards or payday loans to plug the gap in your day-to-day finances. This might only make your situation worse.
10) Learn about your options. If you require a formal insolvency procedure, there are a number of options appropriate to different levels of debt.
For two years, local artist Greg Milunich has been colorizing old photographs that are in black and white. The Vestal Museum is displaying their work, which includes ten photos of Vestal, ten of the former Endicott-Johnson Shoe Factory, and 20 of Binghamton.
The exhibit gives a new light to landmarks such as the Roberson Museum and the old Vestal Train Station. Milunich said that they begin their process with extensive research into the history of the site.
“For me when I'm going to colorize a photo, it always has to start with the research. I need to know exactly, or as close to I can, what the colors were at the time, whether it be a car, a building, or sometimes clothing. I strive for accuracy when I do these because it's not just a painting, it's a historical representation.”
Milunich's colorizations can take anywhere from an hour to several days to complete. Milunich said they enjoy colorizing family photographs.
“It's a real honor to do a family photo for somebody because it's a cherished memory. I want to be as accurate as I can so I'm in constant contact. If it's a picture of their great-grandmother, ‘What color hair did they have? What was their favorite color, what would they have worn?' To hear the stories of people receiving these as gifts or looking at them and how moved they were to see in color has been a really great experience for me.”
Milunich said that the exhibit will give people a new perspective about the area and its history.
“I think it really shows a more current light to the history. I think it will really intrigue more people to say well, “It wasn't just black, everybody pictures history in black and white but really, there was color there was vibrancy to the town and to the history. So I think it will really connect people more to their history looking at these images versus just a black and white image.”
Milunich's work will be featured at the Vestal Museum from February 3rd until March 31st.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Brunt was hailed a “fantastic servant” by their manager Alan Pardew after the midfielder triggered a one-year contract extension.
Brunt's 22nd appearance of the season, in Saturday's 2-1 defeat at Bournemouth, activated a clause in their current deal.
The 33-year-old now has the option to move into a 12th campaign at the Hawthorns after joining the club from Sheffield Wednesday for £3 million in August 2007.
“He's been a terrific servant for this football club,” Pardew said.
“And I thought they were very good today (at Bournemouth).”
Brunt, who has taken an indefinite break from international football, has started all three games since they and Pardew came to blows after the disastrous home defeat to Huddersfield.
The pair exchanged words as Brunt tore into their manager and team-mates.
But Pardew later said they respected the Northern Irishman's passion and determination to put things right.
And the Londoner claimed they only substituted Brunt at Bournemouth to freshen up the midfield.
“I only took them off to get a bit more energy on the pitch and see if we could retrieve the situation,” Pardew said.
“I thought they were really good.”
Defeat on the south coast left Albion ten points behind 17th-placed West Ham United, who have a game in hand, and Crystal Palace in 16th.
West Brom's Premier League days look numbered, yet the outlook would all be very different if leads had been converted into victories.
Albion have won only three of the 13 games in which they scored first and have thrown away a staggering 24 points.
“I just think there are certain areas of the team where we make mistakes and get punished,” Pardew said, in answer to Albion's dreadful record.
“Saturday was particularly harsh. We didn't make many errors in the whole game but unfortunately we lost.
“I was pleased with every individual really.
“Unfortunately for us, we are running out of time.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Not a chocolate fan? Asda's got you sorted this Christmas.
They're ensuring you get your dairy fill and then some this Christmas with a cheesy advent calendar.
Behind each door you'll find 24 individually wrapped pieces of cheese that are bound to tantalise your taste buds.
There are five varieties of cheese inside the book style advent calendar. One half can be torn off allowing you to maximise fridge space after your first 12 days.
It's ideal for cheese lovers and it's a perfect way to add luxury to this Christmas.
It'll be available nationwide from Monday, November 6, and it's an absolute bargain at £9.99.
More bad news for Ed Sheeran, who's being sued (again) for allegedly ripping off Marvin Gaye and whose application to build a private, faux-historic chapel on their property in Suffolk, England has been rejected by a local district council, as the Telegraph reported over the weekend. So much for Sheeran's willingness to commission a study on the potential impact on protected newts—the council seem to think their design is simply in bad taste and (by the standards of rural English council planners) weren't shy about saying so.
“By opting for a clearly Christian style place of worship this application, rather than being sympathetic to landscape character, creates a jarring anomaly in the landscape, in that it would create a second place of worship in the same view as the existing village church,” the Suffolk Coastal District Council's report reads. Sheeran's proposed chapel design took inspiration from an antique Saxon-style chapel, with space for about two dozen congregants and a 48-foot round stone tower—a feature the council believes would compete with the existing church tower in a manner that “would never be seen in the Suffolk landscape.”
Sheeran's original proposal also called for a distressed exterior intended to look like “ruins,” as if the chapel had been there for “more than a thousand years.” Council conservation officer Robert Scrimgeour wasn't a fan, reportedly saying the faux ruins would “appear as a conceit and detract from the authenticity” of a building that “cannot quite decide if it is a whimsical folly or a serious facsimile.” (Rob, have you ever listened to an Ed Sheeran album?)
Many have assumed Sheeran intended to use the planned chapel for their upcoming wedding to fiancée Cherry Seaborn, a rumor that's apparently rubbed some residents the wrong way. “The proposal is of no benefit to the village or its residents,” one citizen reportedly wrote. “It has no historical value and quite frankly is not being constructed as a private place of worship, it is a wedding venue for the rich and famous and we all know it.”
No word on on the newts, which now appear to be a complete red herring.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FIFA 17 brings a whole bunch of new abilities and features to the table but none of them have fans quite as excited as the inclusion of the Dab celebration from Paul Pogba.
With the popularity of online play at a high, fueled in part by the surge of interest in FIFA Ultimate Team, fans are always looking for new celebrations to mock opponents with when they score a goal.
A particularly popular example in recent years was the Daniel Sturridge dance.
Some of the button combinations are very complex but fortunately the way of doing the Dab is very straightforward.
Once you've bagged a worldie, all you have to do hold R1 or RB and double-tap either Triangle or Y button.
This will see you pull off what is comfortably the most famous celebration in world football.
Not sure what the Dab is? Watch the video at the top of this article.
The National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested one Adamu Muhammed, a Chadian, with illicit drugs weighing 186 kilograms in Yola, Adamawa.
The State's Commander of the agency, Mr. Yakubu Kibo, confirmed the arrest in Yola on Monday.
Kibo said the suspect was apprehended at Jimeta -Yola Modern Market while negotiating for a vehicle to convey the illicit substances to Cameroon for onward movement to Chad Republic.
“On August 12, 2017, one Adamu Muhammed, a middle aged man and Chadian, was arrested with five cartons containing Tramadol tablets weighing 186 kilograms.
“The suspect was arrested in Jimeta -Yola modern market while negotiating for a vehicle to convey the illicit drugs to Cameroon for onward movement to its destination, Chad Republic,” Kibo said.
In the same vein, the command stated that it equally arrested one Peter Danboyi, at Jimeta Modern Market, for being in illegal possession of one carton of cough syrup with codeine weighing 39.8 kilograms and 11 grams of Rohypnol tablets.
They emphasised the need for neighbouring countries such as Niger, Chad and Cameroon to collaborate with Nigeria to fight the activities of illicit traders on their borders.
They said the agency would continue to frustrate the efforts of all those who wish to make Adamawa and Nigeria a drug transit point.
Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot. The Dallas Morning News via AP Ron Baselice
I recently visited Banff, Canada, to speak about energy policy at the Global Business Forum, and I was reminded of an arresting statistic. In June, more jobs were created in the province of Alberta than in the entire United States. How? Canada is embracing its vast natural resources and expanding its role as an energy superpower.
America needs to take some decisive steps of its own.
Like our neighbor to the north, America has abundant energy supplies. Onshore federal lands contain 24 billion barrels of oil, another 2 trillion barrels worth of oil shale and oil sands resources sit beneath U.S. soil, and we have untold billions of barrels off our shores. At current usage rates, we have more than a 100-year supply of natural gas and at least a 200-year supply of coal. We need to develop it!
By leveraging those resources we could create hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs, generate hundreds of billions of dollars in government revenue, and lessen our reliance on energy from nations that don't share our values or interests. And given today's faltering economy, we should be embracing affordable, plentiful American energy sources, rather than demonizing them.
We must end shortsighted government policies, a broken permitting process and regulatory burdens that threaten energy production.
We must strengthen strategic partnerships with friendly allies with shared interests, such as Canada. America imports more energy from Canada than from any other nation — 22 percent of our oil imports and 95 percent of our natural gas imports. As Canada ramps up investment in oil sands development, America will also benefit through access to a stable supply of fuel. And for every two oil sands jobs created in Canada, one job will be created in the United States.
We must also invest in the infrastructure to support a growing energy supply. The planned Keystone XL pipeline would safely transport 700,000 barrels per day of crude oil from Canada, Montana, the Dakotas and Oklahoma to U.S. refiners in Texas. The project alone would create 250,000 jobs and inject $20 billion into the U.S. economy.
Finally, we need everything. We must embrace conventional sources of energy such as oil, clean coal, natural gas and nuclear while also fostering the energy innovations of tomorrow.
America has a choice. We can take steps to secure an affordable, abundant energy supply, spur growth, create jobs and strengthen our competitiveness. Or we can sit on our hands and watch our economy grind to a halt and our jobless rate climb as other nations — and their economies — surge ahead.
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
—
Anthony Callea is bringing their new album, Aria Number 1 Hits in Symphony, to a special event performance with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
Taking place at Hamer Hall at the Arts Centre Melbourne on September 8, the performance will showcase Callea's collaboration with the MSO in the concert environment it was made for.
Callea, who rocketed to fame on Australian Idol‘s second season, most recently released 2016's Backbone, which debuted at number one on the ARIA album charts.
For Callea, recording and performing with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra is a dream come true.
“As a singer who craves the art of live performance, I could not think of anyone else I would want to collaborate with than the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, not only for their grandiose live concert experience, but also a stunning recorded body of work,” they said.
The album celebrates hits like ‘Nothing Compares 2 U', ‘It Must Have Been Love', ‘Someone Like You', ‘Jesus To A Child', and many more.
“These iconic ARIA number one hits will be presented in a way you've never experienced before,” the singer said.
“Songs that have not only been part of my musical landscape for the past 30 years but have resonated with so many of us – the ARIA charts don't lie.”
With the album out on September 1, the songs beg to be seen live at the exclusive Melbourne performance.
The concert will be conducted by John Foreman, one of Melbourne's top musical directors.
Callea and the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra have now shared a special look behind the scenes at preparations for the concert which can be watched below.
Tickets for Anthony Callea with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra are now on sale. You can purchase tickets at mso.com.au/callea or by phoning (03) 9929 9600.
"I just need to have that feeling. I do not think it will be too much longer."
"I don't have a timeline or anything on when I will commit, but it will be the next month or two," said Hamilton. "As soon as I know where I want to go, I will be committing.
Clemson , Duke , Georgia , Michigan , Northwestern , Notre Dame and Ohio State are still in this race, so those seven are fighting hard to cross the finish line as the winner.
Deciding which one it will be is likely happening soon.
Without hesitation they said that they feel strong that one of the schools on their list will be the one they suit up and plays for in the fall of 2019.
Kyle Hamilton is a recruit that has seen their stock rise in a hurry. The 6-foot-3, 183 pounds athlete out of Atlanta (Ga.) Marist has one of the most impressive offer lists out of all the prospects in the south and they recently cut that down to seven.
This recruiting process is not something new to the Hamilton family. Tyler Hamilton is playing basketball at Penn, so they just went through this with them a few years ago.
The family is there for support, including the older brother who says to enjoy the process, but this decision is all the versatile 2019-star athlete.
Out of their top seven schools. You could call them their final seven. They have visited five of them.  They are set to visit Northwestern April 7 and a visit to Michigan April 14 is being discussed at this time. If those trips happen, they will have seen all seven.
Here is what Hamilton said about their favorites.
CLEMSON: "Knowing you are going to compete for National Championships stands out for sure. The facilities there are amazing. They know how to keep it fun there too, so I like that. They have some great stuff going on up there and their staff is full of good people."
DUKE: "It felt like a special place when I was up there at Duke. Coach Cutcliffe sat me and my parents down and we did not talk much about football, so that was great. We got to know each other. I really like the coaches there and it just had a cool feel. The academics speak for themselves."
GEORGIA: "Georgia got a lot five-stars this last recruiting class and they are getting top guys, so you know they are going to keep winning. Coach Smart made a great impression on me and I can tell they really cares about their players. They seem to have a great plan in place."
MICHIGAN: "Coach [Jim] Harbaugh actually called and offered me, so that was important to me. I like them and coach [Chris] Partridge a lot. The Michigan coaches have been staying in touch with my mom and dad too, so that is cool. I am also close friends with Chris Hinton, so they have been pushing Michigan on me."
NORTHWESTERN: "They are one of the first schools to offer me and it is a great school. I want to study Business and they have a great program for that. I talk to coach Pat Fitzgerald a lot and I like how they seem so down to earth."
NOTRE DAME: "Notre Dame is Notre Dame and their name and degree carries a lot of weight across the country after football. The alumni network is crazy in a good way up there. I also go to a catholic school now, so it would be an easy transition to go there."
OHIO STATE: "Ohio State is just impressive all the way around. When you get on campus, it is a great feel. I actually met their Dean and that was great. Coach [Urban] Meyer was not there when I was on campus, but they called me while I was there, so that was cool. The coaches are all about business and I like it up there."
Hamilton is in a basketball family. Their brother is playing now and their father played in Greece and over seas for 16 years after starring at Southern Miss while Bret Farve was playing quarterback for the Golden Eagles.
Heck, Tulane has even offered Hamilton to play basketball, but they know their future is football. They still play basketball, but they love the game of football the most.
The schools won't have to wait too much longer to find out who lands this student-athlete.
"I feel there is no reason to wait if I know where I want to go," said Hamilton. "I want to visit Northwestern and Michigan and then I am set to visit Georgia for their spring game April 21.
"I could visit another school or two one more time if I feel I need to, but I will commit as soon as I know the school."
Quick Hits
— Duke is recruiting them the hardest. They receive texts from the entire staff each week and they said they fill their mailbox with letters.
— Kirby Smart, Brian Kelly and David Cutcliffe are the coaches they have connected the best with.
— Their former teammate, 2018 Georgia signee John Fitzpatrick in their ear daily about being a Bulldog.
— Former Duke basketball star Antonio Lang is their cousin.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bookmakers have slashed the odds on Aston Villa continuing their downwards spiral into League One.
The sacking of Steve Round has prompted the bookies to adjust their odds of a Villa relegation in the coming season.
Oddschecker are reporting that Villa's odds have plummeted from 20/1 to just 5/1 to end up in the third tier of English football.
The current odds are here and they indicate that the bookies believe Villa are in for a tough season ahead.
They do however offer odds of as low as 4/1 to be promoted.
Both sets of odds highlight the unpredictable state of affairs at the club since last season.
Oddschecker spokesperson George Elek: “Aston Villa are in turmoil. Their owner appears to want to sink with the ship rather than look for help.
"We've seen this happen over the years with the likes of Portsmouth and Blackpool, so it is a real possibility they could be doomed for relegation.”
Sacked
Steve Round was today sacked as technical director at Aston Villa by owner Tony Xia.
The club chairperson decided to give Round the boot as preparations for next season begin.
Round was told this morning at Bodymoor Heath and it came as a shock, according to sources.
With CEO Keith Wyness leaving last month - and still no replacement lined up - Villa are now desperately short on senior figures with football experience.
The position of boss Steve Bruce is uncertain, too.
They will take the group out to Portugal tomorrow for a warm-weather training camp following their return to pre-season training yesterday.
It's understood that they will now adopt an old-school approach to transfers, targeting their own men, rather than liaising with Round, or any other sporting director for that matter.
Of course this is nothing new to him. They worked this way at their former clubs and will have no problems returning to that way, should they stay at Villa.
poll loading Are Aston Villa right to get rid of Steve Round? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Bruce and Round got on well and enjoyed a good working relationship. There were never any signs that the manager struggled working under their first ever technical director, either.
The boss also had a certain amount of freedom to track the players they felt were right for the team, rather than just taking advice from the recruitment team.
Xia, meanwhile, has no plans to replace Round and will therefore leave the position vacant.
Outside investment could change the outlook depending on what the potential new board members want for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The scouting department still remains staffed so Bruce will have trusted experts to turn to in the times ahead.
Club secretary Sharon Barnhurst will also provide support with incomings and outgoings over the summer.
But Villa need to sell before they can buy and will only be looking for freebies and loan signings in the weeks ahead.
'It's worse than Randy Lerner' - angry Aston Villa fans react to Steve Round departure
More Villa news
Aston Villa are in a tussle with West Bromwich Albion and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick, according to reports .
McGoldrick, 30, is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of their contract this summer.
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City.
Villa, who haven't done any business as of yet this summer because of financial problems that have crippled the club, are supposedly keen on McGoldrick, who is available on a free transfer.
Neighbours Albion and Lee Johnson's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest.
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in their playing career.
Takeover latest
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa.
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected.
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club.
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched their financial demands - Xia still turned it down.
That's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese business person.
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected.
It's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week.
There has been no formal offer, though.
It's understood that the American group, who placed a bid for 30 per-cent, were confident of getting the go-ahead.
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years.
Of course there were some proposals of their own.
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital.
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club's prized asset and actually want to keep them on board next season, but losing them for an exorbitant fee wouldn't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there.
Xia, however - through their Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer, and that was as far as it got.
They haven't given up hope, though, and are expected to return with another offer later this week.
Meanwhile, as reported by BirminghamLive last week, two other parties remain keen.
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League, however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations.
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa loanee Aaron Tshibola played a part as Kilmarnock pulled off a very impressive victory at Rangers on Saturday.
The midfielder was reunited with Steve Clarke upon joining Killie on loan for the season, and the Ayshire club have been in sparkling form.
They've lost just once in their last 15 games, sit fifth in the table and have taken seven points off the Gers in three matches against them this season.
Tshibola, who endured a rather unsuccessful time at MK Dons in the first half of the campaign, appears to have found their feet in a thriving Killie side who are secure in the top half of the SPL table.
Veteran Kris Boyd, who has now scored a remarkable 20 goals this season, bagged the winner against their old club on Saturday, tapping home a rebound from a Youssouf Mulumbu shot.
Tshibola, 23, has made nine appearances for Killie, scoring once.
After the game, they posted on Instagram: “Unbelievable win away at rangers, what a feeling. Great team work. wouldn't be possible without you supporters @krisboyd.9 flames #Upthekillie #godiswonderful #Praisegod
Bouncing back
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing' defeats against Bolton and QPR, and admits the promotion push is still on.
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents.
With Cardiff's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions, the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points.
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry isn't giving up.
"After a great run, the last two results have been really disappointing," they said on Instagram.
"Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys.
"I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one."
More Villa news
“We've lost more games in five days than we have previously in three months," said Steve Bruce - and he's right, writes Gregg Evans.
Well almost.
Two back to back defeats at home to Queens Park Rangers and away at Bolton Wanderers have damaged Villa's push for automatic promotion.
Prior to these five days from hell, Villa had only lost once since the Boxing Day setback at Brentford - almost three months ago - and that was a loss at Fulham last month.
All of which points to the fact that Bruce's team have picked the worst possible time to stutter.
Bruce is refusing to give up on the push for automatic promotion but admits a five-day horror-show has left Wolves and Cardiff City firmly in the driving seat.
Defeat at Bolton saw Aston Villa lose further ground on the leaders while Cardiff City can extend their lead in second place to ten points with victory at Derby County on Sunday.
But experienced Bruce is refusing to be too downbeat despite labelling this week as disastrous.
“We've had a horrible five days," they said.
“We'll have to recover, still eight games to go, still all to play for, but we've certainly given the initiative to the others.
“In my experience, there's still a few twists and turns.
“April is huge - that's the defining month.”
Asked specifically if they feel the automatic promotion race is still on, Bruce said: “Well, look we've lost two in three days and other teams are capable of that.
“As I've said repeatedly, we need to win our games and we haven't.
“We've had a wonderful opportunity against QPR and Bolton - no disrespect to either of them - but we haven't taken anything from either of them.
“In that respect we deserve to be where we are.”
Bruce blamed the weather conditions for Villa's wobble here.
They felt that Bolton handled the occasion better than their side and claimed their troops were unable to play their own game as the snow battered down on the surface and the wind ripped around the arena.
“It was very difficult," they continued. “When it's like that it becomes a real leveller.
“They put it forward and played very simply.
“It ended up one of those frustrating nights where we're all hugely disappointed.
“The goal was soft, but they adapted to the conditions better.
“Our wide players couldn't run with the ball and we couldn't play our football.
“But I don't want to make excuses. We weren't good enough, even though we had very decent opportunities through Hogan, Grabban and late on (with Bree) when the goalkeeper made a great save."
Video
The concept of 'forest bathing' is becoming popular in the West, but it originates from Japan.
It is the art of how trees can help you find health and happiness.
Dr Qing Li, an expert in the field, has been looking at the science behind how trees can improve wellness through emitting essential oils into the environment.
Yalda Hakim joined them for a walk with a difference.
Mario Batali recently announced they are stepping away from their restaurant empire in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations.
The 57-year-old, who owns 22 restaurants, including the prestigious Del Posto and Babbo in New York City, along with three Eataly markets, has not denied the allegations. They apologized and issued a statement that read, in part: "Much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Prominent chefs like Tom Colicchio and Anthony Bourdain have commented on the situation; Colicchio said "no one should be surprised" and wrote on Twitter, "It was well documented in Bill Buford's book Heat."
Batali on the set of The Chew Getty
The allegations leveled at Batali have earned nationwide attention because they are one of a small handful of top American chefs who is also a household name.  They are a prolific entrepreneur, cookbook writer, and even television personality, and Batali's restaurants, books, and television jobs have made them a lot of money.
In 2012, the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, Batali's company with partner Joe Bastianich, reported annual revenues of $250 million. That year, the first branch of Eataly that opened in New York City in 2010 had already paid back its investors and was on track to do $85 million in annual revenue.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Batali themselves has a made a lot of money, too—about $25 million, according to celebritynetworth.com.
.
While Batali remains an owner of their restaurants, their status as a co-host of ABC's daytime food show The Chew is in jeopardy. The network asked the chef to step away from the show "while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention," a spokesperson told Eater.
Another television show Batali had in the works, a Food Network reboot of their Molto Mario series, which previously ran from 1996 to 2004, has been halted, Grub Street reports. A spokesperson said, "Food Network takes matters like this very seriously and we are putting relaunch plans for Molto Mario on hold."
Batali is the author of 11 cookbooks, including the James Beard Award-winning Molto Italiano: 327 Simple Italian Recipes and the New York Times bestseller Mario Batali Italian Grill.
Since 1994, Batali has been married to Susi Cahn. They have two sons, Benno and Leo Batali, who have a cookbook of their own.
Make-A-Wish kid Raymond hands off the ball to Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) as Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (the taller guy in the No. 4 jersey) looks on.
The Cowboys signed a new quarterback on Wednesday during Day 2 of minicamp.
He's only about 4 feet tall, the same number that is on their blue jersey at practice. Their name is Raymond ("Ray Ray") and they came all the way from California to meet their hero, Dak Prescott, and the rest of the Cowboys as part of the Make-A-Wish program.
Ray Ray and their family arrived at The Star in Frisco where they were met by cheering fans, the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders, and the Rhythm & Blue Drum Line. Ray Ray was ushered into the Cowboys press conference room where Stephen Jones signed them to an honorary contract before Ray Ray answered questions from assembled "media."
Ray Ray and their family then headed to the outdoor practice fields to watch minicamp from the sideline.
That didn't last long for Ray Ray, however, who was pulled onto the field by Prescott, backup quarterback Kellen Moore and QBs coach Wade Wilson. Ray Ray threw some passes during the group portion of drills. When it was time for the QBs to work on handoffs with the running backs and fullbacks, Ray Ray got to execute a couple of handoffs with Ezekiel Elliott.
VANDERGRIFT, Pa. (WPXI) – A building in Vandergrift, Pennsylvania was torn down Sunday after it collapsed Saturday, about an hour before a scheduled party.
The Primo Event Hall on Franklin Avenue came crumbling down around 5 p.m. Saturday.
About 100 people were expected to gather Saturday night at the venue for Lisa Chin's husband's surprise 40th birthday party. Chin left about 4 p.m. after setting up for the celebration.
“I'm glad everyone was out of there,” they said. “We all feel lucky.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – It was a chaotic scene aboard a New York City subway train after a dog locked its jaws onto a rider's foot in a video that surfaced on Instagram Monday.
People on the train can be heard screaming in distress while the dog's owner struggles to control the animal.
“Get them off of me!” the subway rider yells.
When and where the video was recorded is still not clear.
Video of the incident was posted Monday morning on the popular Instagram feed @SubwayCreatures and quickly went viral.
A spokesperson for the MTA confirmed to WPIX that the agency is aware of the incident, calling it “disturbing” and “a clear violation of our rules.”
MTA rules say: “No person may bring any animal on or into any conveyance or facility unless enclosed in a container and carried in a manner which would not annoy other passengers.”
It's a rule some dog owners have been accused of taking advantage of, placing oversized dogs in duffle bags. Photos of massive dogs in tiny carriers commonly make the rounds on social media.
While details remain scarce, it's unclear what led to the incident.
The dog's owner can be heard in the video saying, “she attacked them first.”
“OK – but just get the dog away from her,” another subway rider says.
According to the MTA, video of the incident has been flagged for the NYPD to investigate.
The agency is still trying to figure out when and where it took place, according to WPIX.
The rule of keeping animals in carriers does not apply to “service dogs” like law enforcement K9s and dogs assisting those with disabilities. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs are not recognized as “service dogs” under the MTA's rules and regulations.​
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom want Federico Fernandez, the centre-back of Swansea.
That's the claim the Sun are making in their latest transfer news and gossip , after the January transfer window opened on Sunday.
Fernandez has been at Swansea since 2014, when they were signed by then boss Garry Monk.
The 27-year-old also enjoyed plenty of game-time for the Argentina national side, though their most recent cap came back in 2014.
Fernandez hasn't played since the Swans' extraordinary 5-4 win over Crystal Palace at the end of November, having suffered a fractured toe since, and in that time the team have conceded 18 goals in six games - three of those from the head of Salomon Rondon.
It's a record that cost Bob Bradley their job, with Paul Clement expected to take over and spend in January.
Fernandez is thought to be valued at around £7m.
What would you do if your husband cheated on you…again?
Taraji P. Henson stars as Melinda, a loyal wife whose husband's latest infidelity sends them down a vengeful path, in Tyler Perry's upcoming thriller Acrimony.
In this EXCLUSIVE clip, Melinda suspects their husband Robert, played by Lyriq Bent (She's Gotta Have It), is cheating on them because they haven't had sex in months. While they co-worker asserts Robert learned their lesson the last time Melinda caught them in the adulterous act, their intuition is telling them otherwise. And by the looks of the trailer, all hell is about to break loose.
Acrimony hits theaters March 30.
RELATED STORIES:
Taraji P. Henson Denies Shading Ryan Seacrest
LET'S MAKEUP: Taraji P. Henson Has A Glow For Them Grecian Look
[WATCH] Taraji P. Henson Is Electrifying In New Trailer For Tyler Perry's ‘Acrimony'
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Jurors heard opening arguments Wednesday afternoon in the case against two Santa Barbara men accused of vehicular manslaughter in the death of their friend during a March 2 motorcycle ride.
Raul Ibarra, 24, died after colliding with a sports utility vehicle on Foothill Road while riding a motorcycle with friends Francisco Rodriguez, 23, and Jonathon Alvarez Leon, 24.
Rodriguez and Alvarez are charged with felony vehicular manslaughter, participating in a speed contest causing injury, and reckless driving with great bodily injury related to Ibarra's death.
Santa Barbara Superior Court Judge Jean Dandona reminded the 14 jurors — there are two alternates — that opening statements are not considered evidence, but outline the evidence that will be presented during the trial.
Prosecutor Sanford Horowitz said there would be a lot of evidence about what happened over a span of six to 10 seconds. He'll be calling witnesses who were driving on the road, at residences near the road and at the Santa Barbara Tennis Club at the time just before and during the collision.
Footage from a security camera at 2360 Foothill Road shows the bikes drive by, and Santa Barbara police Officer Jaycee Hunter calculated the speeds at 74 mph for Rodriguez, who was in front, 69 mph for Ibarra and 67 mph for Alvarez, Horowitz said.
It was just after this stretch of road where the collision occurred, on a blind curve near the tennis club.
Horowitz is trying to prove that the three men were racing — participating in a speed contest, trying to pull ahead of and pass each other — while the defense attorneys say the men were riding in a single-file line, but they were driving fast.
Rodriguez was riding in front, Ibarra in the middle and Alvarez behind. As the latter two approached a blind curve, Ibarra crossed over the double-yellow line into the opposite lane and collided with an oncoming vehicle.
Horowitz said evidence will show that Ibarra crossed over the line as some drivers do to get through a curve faster, by driving a straight line through the apex of a curve and accelerating out of it.
“When you're at the apex you hit the throttle and boom, baby, you're gone,” they said.
Ibarra and their bike were propelled into the air and they landed at the bottom of an embankment, “wrapped around a tree,” Horowitz said.
Alvarez hit the brakes, locked up their front wheel, and went into a slide along the road and over the side of the embankment.
The driver of the SUV, James Gallagher, was able to stop the car on the side of the road, checked that their wife and daughter were all right, and followed the trail of debris to find the motorcycle driver.
Other witnesses to the crash called 911, and several people from the tennis club ran up to Ibarra to render aid before emergency personnel got there, including a physician who placed a belt on Ibarra's left leg as a tourniquet, Horowitz said.
Alvarez was up on the road when Rodriguez allegedly came back, talked to them briefly, and then left again.
Ibarra and Alvarez were both taken to the hospital, where Ibarra died of trauma from the crash later that afternoon.
Alvarez and Rodriguez were later interviewed and arrested by police, who also accuse Rodriguez of fleeing the scene of an accident.
Deputy public defender Christine Voss, representing Alvarez, said the case is about a tragic accident for three men who are like brothers.
“They are lifelong friends, and they have a commonality; they like motorcycles,” they said. “And they had a pattern. When they went out riding, Alex Rodriguez was first, Raul Ibarra second, Jon Alvarez third.”
None of them had very much experience, though Rodriguez had the most and rode first, they said. The security camera footage shows them riding in a single-file line, just as they always had, they added.
“These are not people who have been on bikes for 20 years; they were kids who like to go fast, and they did.”
On March 2, the three friends hadn't even planned for a ride, they said.
They don't own motorcycle gear, but always wear leather jackets and extra pairs of jeans when they went out together — and they weren't this Saturday, when they cruised out to Goleta to visit a friend and returned by back roads, they said.
“These young men's lives were permanently changed that day; you're not going to hear any evidence of racing, you're not going to hear any evidence of a speed contest. You're going to hear about three young men driving really fast.”
Rodriguez's attorney, Ron Bamieh, said the investigators were biased in the case from the beginning, with a perspective that the case was about young men racing bikes on the back roads.
They called the case “ridiculous” and said a fourth friend, Ibarra's cousin, will be testifying in the case about how the friends rode together: always single file.
When the collision happened, Rodriguez was ahead of the other two and pulled over to wait when they didn't see them behind him, Bamieh said.
When Rodriguez backtracked, Alvarez told Rodriguez that Ibarra was badly hurt and that they should leave, since Rodriguez doesn't have a motorcycle endorsement on their driver's license.
If they were racing, it would make no sense that Rodriguez stopped to wait for their friends, Bamieh said.
In addition to vehicular manslaughter, Rodriguez is charged with felony hit-and-run for an accident they didn't even see, Bamieh added.
After opening statements, Horowitz called to the stand their first witness, JP Domjan, a man who was driving on Foothill Road on the day of the accident.
Domjan was slowing down to stop at the three-way intersection at Foothill Road and Mission Canyon Road when they were passed by three or four motorcycles that blew through the area without stopping, they testified.
Domjan was startled when they saw them cross over into the next lane to pass him, and put on their brakes hard, almost getting rear-ended by the vehicle behind him, they said.
During cross-examination, they had difficulty being specific about the time of day this happened, how fast the bikes were going and how many motorcycles they had seen — three or four.
Many people — in cars, trucks, and motorcycles — speed in the area and blow through those stop signs, they said.
They saw the accident scene later that day, and when they heard that motorcycles were involved, they mentioned their scare from earlier that day to police officers.
“I still don't know if it's the group you're looking for, it's just a group of bikes,” they testified.
The trial is scheduled to continue at 9 a.m. Friday.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People are being urged to check the label on their frozen products after nine people died from a bacterial infection.
The Food Standards Agency issued a nationwide warning following a Europe-wide outbreak of listeriosis, the Chronicle Live reports.
Who is at risk?
It is unclear whether the products were sold in Derbyshire as the retailers have not been revealed.
However, general food safety advice has been issued, especially for pregnant women, babies and elderly people.
(Image: Getty Images)
This follows a more in-depth report by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) which confirms that the infection, caused by Listeria monocytogenes (LM), has killed nine people since June 2015 up until last month.
LM is a species of bacteria which causes the infection listeriosis which is said to have the capability to grow and reproduce in an individual's cells.
In a statement, the European Food Standards Authority said: “Experts used whole genome sequencing to identify the food source, which initially was thought to be limited to frozen corn. As of June 8, 47 cases including nine deaths had been reported.
“The same strains of L. monocytogenes have been detected in frozen vegetables produced by the same Hungarian company in 2016, 2017 and 2018."
According to the EFSA there has been a "multi-country" outbreak in five EU member states which includes the UK, Austria, Denmark, Finland and Sweden.
Advice on cooking frozen vegetables
In response to this Europe-wide report, the Food Standards Agency, which works with local authorities to regulate the cleanliness of food hygiene, has released a statement.
It says: "People should always follow manufacturers' instructions when preparing their food. If the product is not labelled as 'ready to eat', the cooking instructions should always be followed before eating the food hot or cold.
"Frozen sweetcorn is the likely source of an ongoing outbreak of listeriosis affecting five European countries including the United Kingdom.
"Listeriosis is a rare but serious foodborne illness caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes that can be more serious for those individuals who have weakened immune systems and also the elderly, pregnant women and infants.
(Image: Getty Images)
"The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) have today provided an update on the multi-country listeriosis outbreak."
Action taken at source
The EFSA's report shows that a particular plant in Hungary is said to have been closed following tests which showed it was contaminated.
The report reads: "On 29 June 2018, the Hungarian Food Chain Safety Office banned the marketing of all frozen vegetable and frozen mixed vegetable products produced by the plant between August 2016 and June 2018, and ordered their immediate withdrawal and recall.
"This restrictive measure is likely to significantly reduce the risk of human infections and contain the outbreak."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The return of the Monster Energy MXGP of the USA will take place on September 2-3 at WW Motocross Ranch in Jacksonville, Florida. The race will feature matchups of the best riders on the FIM Motocross World Championship circuit with some of the top AMA-based riders on a completely neutral track. In looking forward to the event, we're going to count down the days to the new race by looking back at some of the most memorable U.S. Grand Prix races. Today we're looking at Glen Helen 2015. After a few years off the USGP returned to Glen Helen in 2015 in the hopes that it might be Ryan Villopoto's last race. The 10-time AMA Supercross and Pro Motocross champion had pretty much retired after the 2014 SX tour, where they won their fourth straight title. But then Villopoto decided to go one more season and race the FIM Motocross World Championship in 2015. Glen Helen decided to bring MXGP back as the final round of the series, only to have Villopoto injure their back at the Italian round in April, which turned out to be their last race ever. Glen Helen would not get to send RV off as they had hoped to, but that didn't stop them from hosting a memorable USGP.
The FIM Motocross World Championship returned to the U.S. in 2015 after a three year break. Spencer Owens
Into the spotlight stepped a couple of others very fast Americans. First among them was Josh Grant, the Monster Energy Kawasaki rider who is a local hero at Glen Helen. They were entered in the MXGP class, going up against the likes of reigning FIM World Champion Antonio Cairoli, who was just coming back from an elbow injury, as well as newly-crowned 2015 MXGP Champion Romain Febvre, French hero Gautier Paulin, Russia's Evgeny Bobryshev, and more. And then there was the late addition of Yamalube/Star Racing Yamaha's Cooper Webb, who had raced the 250 Class all season long, but raised their hand to ride the Open Class for Team USA at the upcoming Motocross of Nations in France. Webb, who had only raced a 450 professionally at the previous year's Monster Energy Cup, would be the wildcard in the pack. When the first moto went off Grant was slowed by a twisted ankle, which meant it would be up to Webb to carry the Stars and Stripes against the Europeans. They were game for it too, leading Febvre and everyone else for much of the race. Finally, in the closing stages, Febvre pushed their own Yamaha past Webb's on the descent of Mt. St. Helens.
Cooper Webb Spencer Owens
Tim Gajser Spencer Owens
Marvin Musquin Spencer Owens
Tyla Rattray Spencer Owens
Jason Anderson Spencer Owens
MXGP podium Spencer Owens
“I was a long time behind Cooper and they were really good,” Febvre explained to Racer X contributor Adam Wheeler afterwards. “I could not find one line to pass him. I was really close on the uphill and I managed to close the door, but they took the inside and blocked me. I was again really close on the downhill and they tried again for the inside, but I came a little bit faster on the outside and it worked … although I was not sure about it at the time.” Febvre was again in the thick of a battle in the second moto, but it wasn't with Webb. This time Grant, third in the first moto, was able to push through the ankle injury enough to take on Febvre, and like Webb they led into the closing stages. But this time Febvre made a mistake and tipped over atop Mt. St. Helens and gave Grant a straight shot at a very emotional win—he was more or less going to be a free agent after the race as TwoTwo Motorsports, the team they were riding for, closed up shop. Still, with 1-2 moto scores, Febvre took the overall win with Grant's 3-1 good for second overall and Webb's 2-3 rounding out the podium.
Grant was able to unleash some of their Glen Helen magic in 2015 while filling in for Wil Hahn at Monster Energy Kawasaki. Spencer Owens
The MX2 class went even better for U.S-based riders as California's own Jessy Nelson and their Troy Lee Designs KTM teammate Shane McElrath went first and second in the MX2 overall, and in the first moto Yanks swept the podium as Monster Energy/Pro Circuit Kawasaki's Chris Alldredge finished second between Nelson and McElrath. Sweeping both motos was a perfect way for Nelson to end their 2015 season, which had started with their first-ever AMA 250 Supercross win at the Anaheim opener. The top Europeans were Swiss rider Valentin Guillod (third), newly-crowned MX2 World Champion Tim Gajser of Slovenia (fourth), and British rider Max Anstie (fifth). Here's a look at the Racer X Remastered film of the 2015 Glen Helen MXGP:
And here are the official highlights:
Previous Entries
Recommended Reading
The Electric Daisy Carnival grounds were decorated with lit amusements and stages in the infield of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 16, 2017. (Source: aLive Coverage for Insomniac)
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department released the statistics from day two of the Electric Daisy Carnival early Sunday morning.
Metro Police made 33 felony narcotic arrests, bringing the total to 62 felony narcotic arrests when combined with the first day of EDC.
[RELATED: First day of EDC ended with 29 narcotic related arrests]
Two misdemeanor arrests were made and one traffic accident was reported. Metro police said it was a non-fatal accident.
No traffic citations, misdemeanor citations, gross misdemeanor arrests or traffic fatalities were reported.
No driving under the influence arrests were made, Metro Police said.
Over 138,000 people attended the second day of EDC and 65 ejections were made, according to Insomniac Productions, the organizer for EDC.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every new parent has been there: just about to nod off in a warm, comfy and cosy bed only to be startled by the cries of your newborn baby.
It's a parenting issue which has been causing mischief, hassle and headaches for centuries.
And, if you are a mum and dad, the chances are you've been lay awake looking for answers for a very, very long time.
Once your baby is off to sleep, the struggle does not stop there - because, you'll know as well as us, that getting them to sleep through the night can be just as difficult.
So a bedtime 'guide' chart which has been shared by hundreds of thousands of parents has understandably struck fear into the hearts of the majority of mums and dads.
If it is to be believed, then it means a lot of us have been getting it wrong.
Posted a year ago on the Facebook page for Wilson Elementary School in Kenosha, Wisconsin, the chart has recently risen to parents' attention again - and divided them.
While many mums and dads were despondent and disbelieving, there were plenty who agreed with what the guidelines were trying to achieve, and argued that routine was crucial for kids.
Katie Phillips praised it saying, "This is a pretty good chart," but did agree things got trickier during the summer months.
Kirsten Scherer did not agree, however, adding, "I'm sorry, but this chart is absurd. Who puts their kid to bed at 6:45?"
Others argued that it was too rigid, or that it shouldn't apply if a child still naps during the day, or that it simply wasn't possible with work and / or domestic committments.
Wherever you as a parent stand on bedtimes, it's clear that as an issue, it's still an important and prevalent one.
*Join the conversation on our Brummie Mummies Facebook page
The incident occurred on the New England Hwy in Nobby.
The incident occurred on the New England Hwy in Nobby. Paul Donaldson
UPDATE 9am:
The New England Hwy was re-opened at 7.20pm after a north-bound lane was closed due to the incident.
A 44-year-old male was transported to Toowoomba Hospital following a motorcycle crash.
The man suffered a hand injury.
EARLIER: A NORTHBOUND lane is closed on the New England Hwy as paramedics tend to a male motorcycle rider.
Queensland Ambulance Service officials are currently on the scene in Nobby at the corner of Mt Sibley Rd.
It is uncertain at this stage how the rider came off their motorbike.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Joshua has denied taking steroids in response to Joseph Parker's accusation ahead of their heavyweight unification fight that they use performance-enhancing drugs.
The unbeaten rivals clash at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on March 31 when Joshua's IBF and WBA belts will be at stake against the WBO crown held by Parker.
In a radio interview given in their native New Zealand on Monday, Parker called their opponent the "king of steroids", adding "if you are that big and that muscly, there's something wrong" and "there are a lot of ways you can dodge drug testing".
AJ, meanwhile, has been busy posting snaps of themselves on Instagram - including one of them chowing down on their breakfast, which seemed to comprise of only fresh fruit.
In the build up to the clash, the 28-year-old has revealed what they eat for breakfast with the Watford-born boxer opting for a healthy fruit platter.
In the snap posted onto their official Instagram, Joshua is seen chomping down on some grapes, raspberries, banana, kiwi and melon accompanied by a green smoothie.
"I've heard so much in boxing trash talk that nothing's new any more. It's a fairly serious charge to make. Can I sue Parker?! No, I'm joking," Joshua said.
"I know my records are clean. Every time I'm tested, and I know what I've paid to be voluntarily tested. That's why I don't bite at what they say.
"If I'm not clean, you'll find out during this fight. If I haven't been clean for all my other fights, you'll see me struggle against Parker because anything I have been taking will be out of my system.
"You'll find out in this fight whether I'm the super-human or I've got something pushing on this super-human power that they claim I have."
When the issue of Tyson Fury's back-dated ban for drug-taking was raised, Joshua stressed that the implications of using steroids in boxing extend beyond the ethical.
The British rivals are on a collision course if Fury is granted a boxing license and makes a successful comeback having served the retrospective suspension issued by UK Anti-Doping and dispelled more than two years of inactivity.
"If it was me I'd get a lot more stick. Fury's lucky. It's not good because in this sport your life is on the line," Joshua said.
"Anything to do with that type of stuff you have to be careful. People's lives are on the line.
"It's not like a game of golf where it's just the minds. This is physical and there's real damage. It's a shame people get caught up in that kind of stuff."
Parker, who has won all 24 of their fights and amassed 18 knockouts, adopted a far more diplomatic tone when meeting Joshua for the first time on Tuesday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Instead, Higgins took on the role of antagonist by leaping on Joshua's knockdowns as an amateur and by Wladimir Klitschko as evidence they are vulnerable, adding that the 28-year-old from Watford has "mental weaknesses".
"Do you know what I learned when I was dropped in the Klitschko fight? That it will take more than a human stop me from getting where I'm destined to be," Joshua said.
"I've learned not to walk with sight on this journey, but with faith. The rumours that you have heard are fake news, hand on heart. I've learned from adversity and through going through the storm.
"I'm not into the verbals. I'd fight them in the car park for free, it doesn't matter to me. That's what a fighter's mindset is."
Lagos – The Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) has commended the Federal Government for not yet signing the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) Treaty.
The Chairman of AON, Capt. Nogie Meggisson, made the commendation while speaking with newsmen in Lagos on Monday.
NAN reports that President Muhammadu Buhari had cancelled their trip to Kigali, Rwanda, where the AfCFTA would be signed by African Heads of State on March 21- March 22.
The president had noted that the move was to enable more consultations following concerns raised by airlines, manufacturers and the economic experts in the country.
Meggisson praised the president for yielding to the concerns raised about the negative impact the agreement would have on the nation's economy.
”I would like to, on behalf of AON and other well-meaning investors,thank the president for taking a bold step to make a difference by not only taking on board our recommendations, but also taking a strong decision to pause with the signing of the AfCFTA treaty.
“We are happy that Buhari postponed their trip to give us an opportunity to put our house in order before signing of the treaty, ” they said.
According to him, further consultations between the government and the business community will not only give room to ascertain the impact of AfCFTA on the economy, but will also enable Nigeria to take full advantage of the treaty.
“The AfCFTA is one of the flagship projects of the African Union Agenda 2063 and is aimed at creating a single continental market for goods and services, with free movement of business persons and investments and one currency.
“Rushing to sign it would have given other African nations and possibly, some foreign nations, unfair advantage into the Nigerian market.
“That is likely to erode the good work government has so far put in place to diversify the economy, and reverse the gains of the present administration in reviving the economy out of recession.
“While we are not against the AU 2063 Agenda and think that the AfCFTA is a good idea, we must pause to first dialogue with professionals and technocrats,” Meggisson said.
He, therefore, urged the government to immediately call for consultations with the business community on how to review AfCFTA and the Single Africa Air Transportation Market (SAATM) signed on Jan. 28 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
“We need to urgently review these agreements and other Bi-lateral trade agreements that have negative impact on our economy in order to create job opportunities for our teeming youths,” Meggisson said. (NAN)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When John Terry was told that the birthday party of David Luiz - it's fair to say they took it seriously.
So seriously that they decided to war the iconic costume of Sugar Puffs legend The Honey Monster.
Yes, underneath all that yellow fur and the red tracksuit top, is Aston Villa's very own JT.
They were at a party at the exclusive Under The Bridge nightclub underneath Chelsea's Stamford Bridge ground.
Other outfits at the party included Willian as a pharaoh, Eden Hazard as a bank robber and Marcos Alonso as Batman.
JT's wife Toni wore a Harley Quinn costume, strangely, so did Pedro!
The couple's children also got in on the act by wearing pig masks with comic book suits and brandishing fake knives.
Pictures and video from John Terry's Instagram
Luongo link
Aston Villa have been tipped to try for Massimo Luongo once again this summer if they clinch promotion to the Premier League.
Reports in the midfielder's native Australia suggests that there may be something of a bidding war for Luongo when the transfer window reopens this summer.
The 25-year-old will likely head to the World Cup in Russia this summer with the Socceroos, but they could be on the move at domestic level too.
Spanish outfit Malaga reportedly enquired about the Queens Park Rangers man in January, but the Hoops turned down their advances.
Premier League side Crystal Palace have also been credited with an interest.
Luongo was on Villa's radar as a Swindon Town player in the summer of 2015 when Tim Sherwood looked to rebuild their squad after the departures of Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke.
He's gone on to make over 100 appearances at Championship level and has begun to find the net, too - he's scored four goals in their last ten games.
“Joining QPR is probably my best chance to play regularly, assuming that I impress and give them a reason to pick me,” the midfielder said upon signing for the Rs.
“With the players and resources they have at West Brom and Villa, they could probably afford to buy a bigger squad and maybe opportunities may have been limited.”
Sherwood agreed with the decision of the player they knew through working with them at Spurs. They said at the time: “It's not the right time for us to do the deal, I think it is a good move for them and it will give them the opportunity to play regularly.”
QPR sporting director Les Ferdinand has previously conceded that it'd be hard to keep hold of Luongo if they started adding goals to their game on a more regular basis - something they appear to be doing currently.
Steve Bruce is well stocked in midfield, though - Conor Hourihane and Glenn Whelan are regulars in the middle of the pitch, while Mile Jedinak, Birkir Bjarnason and Henri Lansbury have all played parts in Villa's rise into the promotion reckoning after a slow start.
Kit update
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics.
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977 , a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics .
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
Aston Villa's Chief Commercial Officer, Luke Organ said: “Aston Villa Football Club is proud to pioneer an exciting new tripartite technical kit partnership.
“Traditional routes often leave the club lacking an element of creative input, we wanted to take back control of the look and feel of the strip for our fans.
"We believe this partnership will further allow us to engage with the fans to a much greater extent than previously experienced with manufacturing partners.
“The deal with LUKE 1977 and Fanatics represents a true partnership. All parties work collaboratively to deliver the very best product for our fans.
“As a club we are determined to lead the industry in every way that benefits our fans. We continually innovate off the field, providing the very best fan experience we can.”
Commenting on the announcement, LUKE 1977's Creative Director, Luke Roper said, “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
PODCAST
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
Leicester link assessed
Jack Grealish's Aston Villa future has been the subject of speculation leading up to the summer transfer window after their fine form during the second half of the season.
Villa is likely to be braced for offers ahead of the next season, especially if they fail to secure promotion to the Premier League.
The local lad joined Villa at the age of six and made their senior debut for their boyhood club in May 2014.
Four years on and he's already racked up over 100 appearances. But how likely is they to add another century of games in claret and blue?
We've taken a closer look.
Who wants to sign him?
Grealish is reportedly on Leicester City's wanted list with the Foxes looking to line up a £20 million bid, according to the national press.
Reports claim that the King Power Stadium club will move for Grealish if Villa fail to secure promotion to the Premier League.
Jack Grealish's Aston Villa future - everything we know so far
Luke lowdown
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics .
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977, a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics.
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics ' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
Here's a quick guide to Luke 1977 :
What is Luke 1977?
Luke 1977 is a contemporary menswear clothing brand set up in the West Midlands in 2001.
What does the advertising blurb say?
The brand "has all the components of the modern lad, a gentleman, a working class hero and a bit of a rogue and... draws strong influences from the tough elements of its native Birmingham. Foundry worker meets fashionista, Luke's taste envelopes all."
Who is the founder?
The founder is Luke Roper.  They are from Walsall Wood, a couple of miles from Villa Park.
Inspired by their mother, a dressmaker, Roper was using sewing machines by the age of 12 to make shirts for their friends.
According to their website the former Shire Oak School pupil "soon became a local legend, with lads from all over the area ordering their unique designs and creations then hitting the clubs of the Wild West Midlands decked out in Luke's original specially crafted pieces."
Roper studied fashion at Walsall College and went to Central St Martin's College of Art and Design in London at the age of 20 and completed a degree in menswear design.
They teamed up with family friend Simon Poole and Deborah Poole to set up the fashion line.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Have they stayed true to their roots?
Yes! He's a big Villa fan - and has a design studio in Aldridge.
“I was in London for more than five years and in all that time I only spent a few weekends there, I always came back here,” they say.
“We have used iconic Birmingham buildings such as the Rotunda and Bullring in our promotions and it has always been fundamental to us that we are a Birmingham and Black Country brand.”
What do they say about the link up with Villa?
Roper said: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
Anything else to know?
It was named Young Fashion Brand of the Year 2010 at the Drapers Awards, beating brands including Diesel, Fred Perry and Firetrap.
NEW YORK (AP) — The upcoming stage adaptation of “Frozen” has found its sisters Anna and Elsa — they'll be played by two Broadway veterans in Patti Murin and Cassie Levy.
Disney Theatrical Productions unveiled the pair Monday. Levy has starred on Broadway in “Ghost,” “Wicked” and the 2014 revival of “Les Miserables.” Murin starred on the Great White Way in “Lysistrata Jones” and “Xanadu.”
The duo will be joined by Jelani Alladin as Kristoff, Greg Hildreth as Olaf, John Riddle as Hans and Robert Creighton as the Duke of Weselton. Rob Ashford has also joined a choreographer, replacing Christopher Gattelli.
The husband-and-wife songwriting team of Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, who wrote music for the blockbuster 2013 film, is returning to work on the stage show, and Jennifer Lee, co-director and screenwriter of the film, is writing the story. Michael Grandage is directing.
The show will debut at the Buell Theatre in the Denver Center for the Performing Arts in August. It is expected to land on Broadway at the St. James Theatre in 2018 beside Disney hits “Aladdin” and “The Lion King.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Senator of Montserrado County in Liberia, Mr George Oppong Weah, yesterday paid a courtesy call on President Akufo-Addo to congratulate them on their election as President of the Republic of Ghana.
The two leaders also discussed issues of mutual concern and benefit to their countries.
According to a release from the Communication Directorate of Flagstaff House, Senator Weah pointed out that the conduct of Ghana's 2016 elections, which resulted in a peaceful change of government, had cemented Ghana's position as the true beacon of democracy on the African continent which should be emulated by all countries on the continent.
They also applauded the resilience of President Akufo-Addo, who was successful at their third attempt at the Presidency, describing it “as a lesson for all of us. If you don't succeed at your first attempt, try again.”
Senator Oppong Weah expressed the hope that the tenure of President Akufo-Addo would be marked by an increase in bilateral relations between Ghana and Liberia, as well as the realisation of the vision of continental integration, which, they said, would inure to the benefit of Africans.
With the election of a new President of Liberia slated for October 10, this year, Senator Weah urged Ghana, President Akufo-Addo and ECOWAS to help ensure that the polls were credible, so that the results would be accepted by all the stakeholders involved in the process.
For their part, President Akufo-Addo thanked the Liberian senator for the visit, assuring them that Ghana would continue to support and advocate the deepening of democracy in countries within the region.
President Akufo-Addo indicated that the bonds that existed between Liberia and Ghana would be strengthened even further in the coming years, giving an assurance that Ghana, together with ECOWAS, would do its best to ensure that the upcoming polls passed off peacefully, so that the will of the Liberian people would be upheld.
As 'overtourism' swamps Amsterdam, Dutch capital pushes back
hello
AMSTERDAM -- Hordes of tourists are derailing daily life in parts of historic Amsterdam. Visitors clog the city's narrow streets. Stores catering only to tourists edge out shops for locals.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at prostitutes in the red-light district and jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
It's not just tourists on budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships and Airbnb guests dragging suitcases along cobbled streets.
But the city is pushing back. Changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting hotel construction; banning "beer bikes," which are pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new shops for tourists in some areas.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three Birmingham restaurants have been named among the “very best eating experiences in the UK.”
Michelin starred Adam's, Purnell's in the city centre as well as Simpsons were listed among the top 100 restaurants outside London as voted by SquareMeal.
The poll is based on the votes of SquareMeal guide readers and reviewers spread across regions of the UK.
Adam's was named 40th best UK restaurant, Purnell's was 65 and Simpsons was ranked 86th best restaurant outside London.
Our other Michelin starred eateries - Carters of Moseley and Peel's Restaurant at Hampton Manor in nearby Solihul l which won its star in the 2017 guide published in 2016, did not make the SquareMeal list.
(Image: TripAdvisor)
See the 'best Brum restaurants' below
But Birmingham's overall representation in the list has dipped.
Simpsons was previously ranked 25th best UK restaurant, Purnells was at 51st. Adam's had a very slight dip from being ranked 38th best last year.
World renowned Restaurant Sat Bains in Nottingham was named eighth best restaurant in the UK.
SquareMeal named Michelin starred Casamia in Bristol, the best restaurant outside London.
The harbourside family run restaurant recently launched a ticketing system for its tasting menu-only offering.
The SquareMeal guide posts up-to-date reviews of UK restaurants and bars, written by a team of independent critics with the aid of comments from thousands of restaurants
Here's what voters said about each of the Birmingham restaurants
Adam's (40)
"This head-turning Brummie challenger is bang on the money"
“What a place! Food is top notch and the setting is lovely”, so writes a fan of this latest offering from Michelin-starred chef Adam Stokes (formerly at Glenapp Castle in Scotland). On offer is a choice of menus defined by clever, playful conceits and terse dish descriptions – from ‘guinea fowl, shiitake, smoked potato, braised leek' to ‘halibut, asparagus, wild garlic, Jersey royal'.
Set lunches are “a good option for client meetings”, but whatever you choose, this head-turning Brummie challenger is bang on the money for a city with an ever-rising foodie profile.
Purnell's (51)
“A brilliant and unusual dining experience”
Local boy Glynn Purnell's flagship restaurant knows exactly how to satisfy its customers by offering a series of light-hearted menus full of kooky but highly convincing ideas.
The version entitled ‘Purnell's journey' might take you from ‘faux' Black Canary potatoes with chorizo via monkfish masala with pickled carrots to white chocolate délice with Yorkshire rhubarb and meringue, while '10 years in the making' features the likes of ‘1,2,3,4,5... once I caught a fish alive!' (tuna sashimi, Orkney scallop, black garlic, dashi, seaweed etc) or rump of Wiltshire lamb with smoked aubergine, capers and basil.
(Image: Graham Young)
Diners who fancy some fun can also book for ‘Brummie tapas' in Purnell's ‘living room', where the line-up runs from carpaccio of Herefordshire beef with braised octopus, bresaola, crème fraîche and sweet ‘n' sour onions to a dessert involving blood orange, white chocolate and dried viola flowers.
Well-spaced tables and smart, neutral decor suit the business crowd as well as courting couples, while polished staff rarely fluff their lines. “A brilliant and unusual dining experience”, concludes one fan – and we concur.
Purnell's restaurant manager wins top national award at GQ Food and Drink Awards
Simpsons (86)
(Image: Iain Findlay)
“Outstanding from the moment you walk in”
Occupying a handsome Georgian townhouse in leafy Edgbaston, this Michelin-starred thoroughbred is “outstanding from the moment you walk in” – with added clout provided by boutique bedrooms and a cookery school (renamed the Eureka Kitchen).
Overseen by chef director Luke Tipping, this venue delivers top-drawer modern food with real vision. Measured, thoughtful technique and a respect for the seasons underpin everything.
To conclude, a dessert involving white chocolate, gariguette strawberry sorbet and almond further emphasises Simpson's pedigree.
A serious French-accented wine list adds gravitas, although staff bring some unaffected local charm to proceedings while making everyone “feel special”. Simpsons is a big shout for special occasions too.
What SquareMeals said about the restaurants
SquareMeal's editor, Ben McCormack said: “Once again, SquareMeal's UK Top 100 proves that we have a national dining scene that offers creativity and quality across every price point in every corner of the country.
City centres are bristling with the sort of foodie thrills you would find in Soho or Sydney. There has never been a better time to eat out in the UK.
Von Miller, according to their Twitter account, wore cleats inspired by Snapchat for the Broncos' final game of the season on Sunday.
Miller had five tackles in the Broncos' win over a Derek Carr-less Raiders. In other Von Miller social media news, their #bestnine of 2016 was pretty good:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County have reportedly seen a bid for Florian Jozefzoon knocked back by Brentford.
According to reports, the Rams' bid of £1.5 million is well below the Bees' valuation of the 27-year-old forward - and Leeds Untied are also said to be interested.
Jozefzoon, a graduate of Ajax's famed academy, joined Dean Smith's side in Febrruary 2017 and has hit eight goals in 58 Championship appearances and has reportedly attracted the interest of West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Here, we've gone into more detail on the latest Rams "target" and what the Pride Park faithful can expect to see from them should they join the club.
(Image: Paul Burgman)
Grounding at Ajax
Florian Jozefzoon grew up studying their craft at Ajax - an academy that counts among its graduates from Johan Cryuff, Dennis Bergkamp and Marco van Basten.
Born in French Guiana, according to Brentford's official website they and their family moved to the Netherlands at the age of two.
They would join De Toekomst aged 14, making their senior debut at the age of 19 - the first of four career appearances for the club.
With Ajax reaching the Champions League group stages during the two years Jozefzoon spent in the senior side, appearances, expectedly, weren't forthcoming with a loan spell at NAC Breda in the 2011-12 season offering them a chance to showcase their talents.
A move away
Regular football continued to prove hard to come by at the Amsterdam Arena for Jozefzoon, who was forced to move south to RKC Waalwijk on a permanent deal.
Seven goals in 34 Eredivisie matches alerted the attentions of Dutch heavyweights PSV Eindhoven, who snapped them up for around €400,000.
PSV, managed by Phillip Cocu at the time, would go on to win their first Erdivisie title in seven seasons, with Jozefzoon chipping in with 15 appearances and two goals before rupturing their cruciate ligament in January of the 2014/15 season.
That would limit them to just 14 appearances over the next two seasons combined, before a January move to Brentford in 2017.
(Image: Paul Burgman)
Brentford come calling
"Florian is a talented player who is an explosive ball carrier and will bring another dimension to our play," Bees head coach Dean Smith said of Jozefzoon when they arrived at Griffin Park .
They settled in to their new surroundings at West London well, playing in 19 matches, scoring a goal and setting up two.
Jozefzoon only signed an initial six-month deal, but Smith moved to pin them down until the end of next season having liked what they saw.
They improved markedly last season, setting up seven goals and scoring seven for themselves - including an unstoppable free-kick in November's 1-1 draw with Burton Albion.
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the workshop.]
Faithful artists gathered this week at St. Mary's Seminary Retreat Center high above Santa Barbara to engage in the centuries-old practice of icon writing, an art form that mixes spiritual engagement and painting.
“The act of working on an icon is an act of prayer,” said Edward Beckett, workshop coordinator and chairperson of the Icon Guild of Southern California.
Beckett, from Altadena, said the artists were in their fifth day of the weeklong Icon Guild of Southern California Prosopon Workshop. They've been working late into the evenings to ensure they would finish their recreations of traditional Christian depictions of holy figures.
“We start at 8 a.m. with breakfast, and we have the ability to work as long as we want,” Beckett said. “The past three nights I've gotten to bed at midnight.”
Although the paintings are not original, Beckett said they incorporate the icon writer's — called so because of the interpretive quality of the practice — personal journey throughout the process.
Master iconographer Dmitryi Andreyev of the Prosopon School of Iconology and Iconography is the workshop instructor. Their father, Vladislev Andrejev, started the school and holds similar events across the United States, as well as in their native Russia and other places abroad.
“Our school is not really structured,” Andreyev said. “Rather, it's more of a school of thought.”
Iconography is a huge part of the artistic canon in Russia, according to Andreyev.
“This culture of iconography is really prominent in Russia, even in the secular world,” they said. “It's how artists interpret religious life.”
For Andreyev, who said they aren't religious early in their life, iconography was attractive because of its connection with something larger.
“At some point, the art became a discipline in which I can practice what I believe, practice a mystical union with God,” they said.
Although this workshop was designed for intermediate to advanced students, the Icon Guild of Southern California holds other events open to people of all skill levels.
“We say to start all you need is a willingness of heart,” Beckett said.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BY ROTIMI AGBANA
Nigerian singer, Runtown is once again in trouble with the law as their estranged label, Eric Many has once again dragged them to court in a fresh case of contempt of court after Runtown released a new song despite a court order against him.
According to a statement signed by the label's general manager, Johnson Adumike, ‘we are in Court with Runtown for their breach of our Recording Contract. We sued them because while applying to the Registrar of Trademarks in Abuja to register professional names licensed to us during the duration of our contract, Runtown also unilaterally terminated our Recording Contract with him'.
‘While our Contract is supposed to fall due for expiration on 22nd June 2018, Ericmany has an outstanding balance of about N266,694,755.08 to recoup on our investment and expenses on Runtown. They also failed to deliver an Album which the Contract requires them to deliver to us during the Contract Period. Under the contract if there is outstanding money or Album by 22nd June, 2018, end of the Contract Period, the Contract enters into an Option Period of one year. Runtown has neither honoured the Contract Period nor the Option Period. Following our application, Abuja High Court made an Interim Order on 10th May, 2018, barring Runtown from any performance or recording of any song outside our Contract until the issues are sorted out by Court.
‘The Judge also ordered that status quo be maintained until our Motion praying for this protection is decided. Yet on 27th June, 2018 Runtown released a new song outside our Contract. Determined to follow due process in our dispute with Runtown we have filed a Contempt of Court case against him. Following Court Order to serve Runtown by publication in the Punch, our Notice of Contempt of Court is published at page 22 of The Punch Newspaper today. If they still fail to respect Court Order by removing the song, we will follow up with the next steps to ensure Runtown is committed to prison, since they are not above the law.
‘If they felt the Court Order is wrong, their lawyer has already appeared in Court and filed papers. It is for their lawyer to show the Court that the Order is wrong. It is not open to Runtown to ignore Court Order. It is important to state that we are at home with the fact that Runtown does not intend to continue working with us. We are not in any confusion about that. We have therefore not asked the Court to order them to continue working with us. Our case is for recovery of our money and the Album they owe in line with the Contract. It is the duty of both sides to abide by Court Orders. So Ericmany will continue to rely on due process until we get justice'.
Barry Geraghty is looking at up to three months on the injury sidelines after fracturing their left arm in a fall from Minella Foru in Monday's Boylesports Irish Grand National at Fairyhouse.
Minella Foru was in the middle of the field when falling at the eighth fence, bringing down Arbre de Vie in the process.
Geraghty missed last month's Cheltenham festival with fractured ribs and JP McManus's number one jockey faces another lengthy spell on the sidelines, according to the Turf Club medical officer.
“He has a fractured humerus which is the same injury they had last year except on the other side,” said Dr Adrian McGoldrick.
Earlier on the National card, Geraghty had won the Grade Two Juvenile Hurdles on the 9-2 shot Project Bluebook but their injury meant missing out on another McManus-owned winner, Slowmotion, in the Grade Three mares chase. Mark Walsh successfully substituted.
Consolation
The McManus colours were also carried to success by White Arm in a handicap chase, providing some consolation to Jack Kennedy who finished runner-up in the National aboard Bless The Wings.
The €100,000 runner-up prize in the National, combined with Samcro's later impressive bumper victory, meant Gordon Elliott emerged ahead of their trainer's championship rival Willie Mullins in prize money terms on the day despite the latter scoring a double.
Neither Diakali nor Renneti are straight-forward but both were on their best behaviour, especially Renneti who trounced their opposition in the Grade Two Keelings Hurdle.
“He has ability and they happened to be in form today,” said Mullins.
Fairyhouse's manager Peter Roe reported a Grand National crowd of “just over 15,000” which they said was slightly down on last year. Bookmaker turnover of over €812,000 was also slightly down on the corresponding figure in 2016.
Monday's Tote figure of €598,133 was down from €704,251.
Khabib Nurmagomedov is willing to put their own money on the line to make a fight with Tony Ferguson go from fantasy to reality.
The No. 1 ranked lightweight took to Twitter on Monday to offer up $200,000 paid directly to Ferguson so they would accept the proposed matchup between the two of them.
Hey @TonyFergusonXT if the @ufc don't want to pay you I'll pay you 200k extra on your purse let's make this fight now you have no excuse — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) January 2, 2017
UFC president Dana White had stated last week that the proposed fight between Nurmagomedov and Ferguson was off after the No. 2 ranked challenger demanded equal pay to their opponent before signing the bout agreement.
White argued that Ferguson had just recently signed a new contract with the UFC and that they wanted the former “Ultimate Fighter” winner to honor their deal rather than trying to negotiate a new one.
“So we were trying to make that fight — Tony said they will not do that fight unless they make the same exact money that Khabib makes. Khabib has a different deal. That ain't happening. Count that out,” White said.
“He has a contract that they just signed. Not long ago. There's a thing where these guys, I honor every contract no matter what it is. I get into some (expletive) deals, too. You've got a guy who's making tons of money but they were a champion, but that was the deal I cut. I cut that deal and I signed it and I've got to live with my deal.”
Now it appears Nurmagomedov is willing to foot the bill to pay Ferguson the difference between what he's scheduled to make and what they actually want so the fight can come to fruition.
Nurmagomedov is already irritated after White also said that the Russian lightweight turned down a fight with current featherweight champion Jose Aldo after the bout with Ferguson fell apart.
“This message to UFC — it is clear to everyone that you're hiding Conor from me. But stop lying to your fans like I don't want fight with Aldo, I'm ready to fight with anyone in my division,” Nurmagomedov wrote on Instagram. “Give me relevant fight, so you won't be able to hide the belt from me after. But not the fight, where people say after my victory: they are too small, Khabib too big for them etc.
“I'm asking you for match that whole world is waiting for, give me Tony. You have never matched up two guys with 9 and 8 win streak in UFC, never in UFC history!”
According to Nurmagomedov, he's more than willing to fight anybody but doesn't want to hear about how they beat up a smaller fighter if they go out and destroys Aldo, who is a natural 145-pounder.
Ferguson hasn't responded yet to Nurmagomedov's offer but it's clear the undefeated Russian desperately wants this fight to happen soone rather than later.
Conservative Eurosceptics have warned Theresa May against proposing any agreement with the European Union that would keep tariffs or regulations aligned after Brexit. Jacob Rees-Mogg, who leads the backbench European Research Group (ERG), which advocates a hard Brexit, said they could vote against a deal that violated the prime minister's negotiating red lines.
“It's not for me to issue warnings to the prime minister. I fully support the prime minister but I cannot guarantee to support a policy that doesn't deliver on the manifesto commitments,” they told Channel 4 News.
The prime minister has called their cabinet to a meeting at Chequers on Friday to agree a common position ahead of the publication next week of a White Paper on Britain's future relationship with the EU.
In the House of Commons on Wednesday, Ms May reaffirmed their commitment to leave the customs union, the single market and the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice. But their chief whip had to reassure the ERG at a meeting on Wednesday morning after reports suggested that Ms May would propose a customs arrangement that would keep tariffs aligned and full regulatory alignment for goods and agricultural products.
What Brexit means
At prime minister's questions on Wednesday, veteran Eurosceptic Edward Leigh pressed Ms May on their definition of Brexit.
“In agreeing with the prime minister, as I always do, that Brexit means Brexit, and that that generally means taking back control, may I ask them to confirm not only that after we leave the EU we will be leaving the single market and customs union, but that it is their personal position, and the settled negotiating position of their majesty's government, that we will have full and unfettered control of migration into this country, full and unfettered control in our ability to make new trade deals with the rest of the world and, above all, full and unfettered control of how we regulate our own business?” they said.
Ms May said that, after Brexit, Britain would be operating its own independent trade policy, parliament would be determining its laws and that they would bring an end to free movement of people.
Cost of no deal
Chancellor Philip Hammond and business secretary Greg Clark are expected to outline to the cabinet on Friday the cost to the economy of failure to agree a deal with the EU that retains a high level of alignment. Downing Street insisted on Wednesday that the prime minister continued to believe that no deal on Brexit was better than a bad deal.
But junior business minister Richard Harrington warned on Wednesday that a no-deal Brexit would be “completely disastrous” for business. And they criticised ministers who complained in recent weeks about businesses warning of the consequences.
“I perfectly understand why Airbus and other companies who have so much invested in this country and employ so many people, are responsible for hundreds of millions if not billions of pounds of exports, of course they're worried. They've got every right to say that,” they told Bloomberg.
The former chief executive of Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign in the 2016 referendum, admitted on Wednesday that the Electoral Commission had concluded that the group broke election funding laws.
Matthew Elliott said the elections watchdog had concluded that Vote Leave should not have donated £680,000 of surplus cash to a smaller pro-Brexit group because they were acting in co-ordination.
The Bank of England has signalled its willingness to roll back post-crisis reforms if it finds that they have “unintended consequences” to the financial system.
Victoria Saporta, executive director for prudential policy at the BoE, said on Wednesday that the central bank had begun to evaluate how the wave of reforms puts in place internationally and domestically meshes, ten years after the onset of the worst financial crisis in a generation.
“Some of the reforms were put in place quickly. They were also developed concurrently. Therefore it would be flabbergasting if the reforms did not have some unintended consequences,” they said in a speech in London. “Plus, the financial system will evolve over time. New products, market practices and especially technologies are going to emerge; some of these might create new risks that were unforeseen when the post-crisis reforms were developed.”
Negotiations
Them comments come as the United States is beginning to roll back some of the reforms it put in place since the crisis. Some financiers and politicians in the UK are also hoping that Brexit might present an opportunity to discard elements of EU regulation, but how far the UK might move away from Brussels is still unclear while Brexit negotiations are ongoing.
Others in the City argue that it is important to not diverge much from EU rules because retaining access to the single market could hang on whether the bloc deems the UK to have an “equivalent” set of rules.
The BoE and the Financial Conduct Authority has insisted that there will be no “bonfire of regulations” either because of Brexit or because of the US approach, but governor of the BoE Mark Carney has offered a menu of EU regulations that the UK might scrap after it leaves the EU, from a cap on banker bonuses to elements of insurance regulations called Solvency II.
Bonuses
Still, Brussels' proposals on accessing the bloc include demands to adhere to the bonus cap – which the UK and Brussels have long fought over, and which limits bonuses generally to 100 per cent of fixed pay. Meanwhile, the BoE's Prudential Regulation Authority said last month that it would not alter an element of Solvency II for now because of ongoing uncertainty over Brexit.
Meanwhile, the EU itself, as well as the international Financial Stability Board, which Mr Carney chairs, have signalled an end to the frenzied policymaking that was sparked by the financial crisis a decade ago. They have all said they will review the regulations made since then.
Ms Saporta said on Wednesday the BoE would always have the original objectives of rules in mind, and its review would be “evidence-led”, looking beyond the banking sector because “unintended consequences of bank regulation might be felt not in the banking sector but in financial markets, financial infrastructure, and other parts of the financial system.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
An Bord Pleanála has granted planning permission for a controversial €160 million municipal and hazardous waste incinerator at Ringaskiddy in Cork Harbour, despite the recommendations of its own inspector, according to opponents of the scheme.
Cork Harbour Alliance for a Safe Environment (CHASE) claimed the board of An Bord Pleanála has ignored the recommendations of their own inspector following an oral hearing in 2016 and decided to grant planning permission to waste management company Indaver for the project.
CHASE Chairperson Mary O'Leary said on Thursday morning: “We are shocked, angry and deeply disappointed that the Bord has granted permission. The endless delays in coming to this decision were always a cause for concern but we hoped against hope that the Bord would make the right decision.”
Ms O'Leary pointed out that all of Bord Pleanala's three inspectors who held hearings into the project in 2003, 2009 and 2016 had all recommended refusing permission and yet now An Bord Pleanála had given the project the green light.
“For a third inspector to recommend a refusal of permission underlines the unsuitability of this site and really questions why the Bord saw fit to grant it, even in spite of the erroneous dioxin figures exposed on the final day of the 2016 hearing, “ they said
A spokesperson for Indaver said the company had received no notification yet from An Bord Pleanála and would not be commenting until they received such confirmation regarding the project which was first mooted in 2001.
Green Party Cork South Central representative Lorna Bogue also expressed their dismay at the decision which comes after repeated deferrals by An Bord Pleanála following a hearing that lasted several weeks in April and May 2016
“I am extremely disappointed in this decision by An Bord Pleanála. They were provided with several strong environmental reasons as to why this facility was not suited to this site.
“Furthermore members of the Green Party in Cork uncovered information that was misleading within the Environmental Impact Statement regarding the true level of dioxins that would be emitted by this facility.”
“In my own submission I highlighted the fact that Ireland does not in fact produce enough waste to keep this incinerator operating.
“Regardless of what type of incinerator it is, all incinerators need a steady flow of fuel to operate in a cost effective way.
“Mark my words, waste will have to be imported for this incinerator. This is a bad day for Ireland taking responsibility for its own waste and there is no incentive for recycling now.”
More to follow.
Image caption Prisons inspector David Strang asks if imprisonment contributes to crime reduction
Scotland's prisons' watchdog has called for greater emphasis on developing offenders' potential for good rather than focussing on their past wrongs.
David Strang is stepping down after five years as HM Chief Inspector of Prisons for Scotland (HMIPS).
In a valedictory address they said the purpose of the criminal justice system is to reduce the number of victims of crime by preventing offending.
And they asked if imprisonment contributes to crime reduction.
Scotland has one of the highest rates of imprisonment in Europe and Mr Strang, a former chief constable of Lothian and Borders, said during their inspections they had seen too many people jailed for short terms whose incarceration was more likely to result in further victims of crime.
'Unhelpful barriers'
Speaking in Edinburgh, they said it was important to ensure that when people leave prison at the end of their sentence they are less likely to return there in the future - and that meant reducing barriers to successful reintegration.
"Too often society puts these unhelpful barriers in place for those who most need support to get back into the employment market," they said.
"If we are serious about rehabilitation and successful reintegration, rather than focussing only on the past wrongs a person has committed, we should put much greater emphasis on developing the potential for good that lies in them.
"Much of what people in prison need cannot be delivered by the Scottish Prison Service (SPS) alone. Provision of throughcare services before and after their liberation are essential to successful reintegration.
"These responsibilities lie not just with the SPS, but with wider services such as education, housing, healthcare, employment and welfare benefits.
"Fundamentally these are dependent not so much on the criminal justice system, but on wider social justice issues of poverty, inequality, exclusion and marginalisation."
Mr Strang said Scotland had much to be proud of in the way its prisons are run, but greater use should be made of community disposals such as electronic monitoring or tagging to manage people in the community rather than in prison."
They said they recognised a prison sentence should be reserved for people who have committed serious crime or pose a significant risk to public safety.
But they said imprisoning people for short periods is counterproductive as they were more - not less - likely to reoffend after serving a short custodial sentence.
Risk of reoffending
And they called on improvements to the way prisoners are treated at the end of their sentence.
"I see too many people who on their day of liberation do not know where they will be living. Many end up homeless, or in very temporary - and often unsuitable - accommodation.
"The consequences of this are clear: it is too easy to revert back to their previous lifestyle of reoffending in the company of unhelpful influences, and any positive progress made in prison is lost," they said.
"I have seen too often people leaving prison with approximately £75 in their pocket and with the prospect of having to wait several weeks before being eligible for basic benefits.
"We should not be surprised in these circumstances that people are at risk of returning to reoffending and a possible future prison sentence."
In their speech, What next for prisons in Scotland?, Mr Strang said more needed to be done to reduce the number of women jailed.
SPS has announced it is to replace the national women's prison at Cornton Vale near Stirling and provide smaller Community Custody Units (CCUs) in Glasgow and Dundee.
But the chief inspector said plans are for a total of 230 places in prison for women across Scotland - and the current number in custody remains stubbornly high at more than 350.
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that Flynn misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they did not discuss the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call, which exists, between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or their representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President Adams, though, they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. Attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. west, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try and shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the Bush administration. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mid-East peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria again raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the Aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position as regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
Had Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions' Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Tuesday said it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
Mike Zunino got a smiling welcome from Jarrod Dyson after hitting a three-run homer in the third inning. Jim Mone AP
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Interior Minister Arye Deri agreed Tuesday that preparations for the reopening of detention centers for asylum seekers will begin immediately.
The two also stated that they will continue pushing for the Knesset's override clause to be passed, thus enabling the government to overrule decisions regarding these matters made by the High Court.
On Tuesday, Israel announced that it will not be deporting asylum seekers to third-party countries in a document addressing the High Court. "It is no longer on the agenda," the document read.The plan to deport thousands of mostly Eritrean and Sudanese men to a third country against their will has been in the works for months, and though the immigration authority will continue to find options to deport asylum seekers voluntarily, they will no longer be deporting them to a third country against their will.18 asylum seekers whose residence permit has already expired will be given permit renewals every 60 days, as was customary in the past.MKs from the opposition responded favorably to the decision. Zionist Union MK Itzik Shmuli said: "The incitement and threats did nothing to help, and justice has won. The nation-state of the Jewish people simply cannot send refugees to an unknown fate."MK Shelly Yacimovich added that the state's announcement is "a welcome step that will save Israel from committing a serious and harmful act."Several Meretz MKs called it "A great victory for civil society, moralists and human rights defenders... Now, a decade late, the time has come to stop the incitement against asylum seekers and to act vigorously to strengthen south Tel Aviv and to aid in the absorption of asylum seekers."On Monday, eighteen Jewish members of US Congress wrote to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu protesting their former policy reversal on an agreement with the UN to resettle the African refugees.The lawmakers, all Democrats, wrote of their "concern" and "dismay" at the prime minister's double-take. Neither of the two Republican Jewish members of the House signed the letter.Netanyahu had formerly agreed with the UN high commissioner for refugees on a resettlement plan for the 38,000 asylum seekers currently in Israel, but scrapped the plan facing pressure from within their political coalition.
Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State on Monday called for specific roles for State Governments in prisons management as part of measures to decongest prisons across the country.
Masari made the call in Katsina when Justice Ishaq Bello, the Chairman of the Presidential Committee on Prisons Reforms and Decongestion, paid them a courtesy visit.
They said that such state governments' roles in prison management would assist in creating viable environment for prison officials to operate.
The governor said that keeping those awaiting trial together with convicts would turn prison yards into breeding grounds for criminals rather than being reform centres.
According to him, separation of suspects from convicts in prisons will further assist to reduce the crime rate in the country.
Masari revealed that the state government was considering the list of the 116 prison inmates in the state with a view to paying their fines.
According to him, those to be released through the gesture would be handed over to their village or ward heads, with a view to preventing them from returning to their old habits.
Earlier, Bello commended the state government's interventions in enhancing efficiency in the management of the prison yards and inmates in the state.
The chairperson said that the committee would visit Katsina and Daura Prisons in the course of its assignment in the state. (NAN)
It may be getting brighter in the evenings, but winter is by no means over yet.
The east coast may be hit by sleet and snow this week as temperatures plunge from Sunday night.
Forecasters at Met Éireann said temperatures would dip as low as minus three degrees Celsius on Sunday night leading to frost and ice.
On Monday temperatures will struggle to rise above freezing with the highest temperatures of just two to five degrees Celisus.
“Towards evening, rain will develop along the western seaboard. The rain will then extend eastwards to all areas overnight, turning to sleet and snow in parts of Ulster and Leinster, ” Met Éireann said in its latest forecast.
On Tuesday patchy rain, sleet and snow will clear from the east coast in the morning leave a cold, bright day with sunny spells and wintry showers.
The cold weather will continue on Tuesday night and on Wednesday with frost at night and a risk of wintry showers.
The forecaster said current indications suggested a spell of rain would develop in western and northwestern areas by Wednesday evening, extending nationwide overnight, possibly preceded by sleet or snow in eastern counties.
Although the outlook after this is less clear “it looks set to remain cold and showery with a mix of rain, sleet and snow at times on Thursday and Friday. Frost is expected by night with the risk of ice,” the forecaster added.
On Feb. 17, 1997, Mavericks General Manager Don Nelson talks to the media about the trade of five Mavericks for four New Jersey Nets. Traded were, Chris Gatling, Jim Jackson, Sam Cassell, George McCloud, and Eric Montross. They got, Shawn Bradley, Robert Pack, Khalid Reeves, and Ed O'Bannon. To the left is a board showing the players remaining.
Editor's note: This story was originally published on February 17, 2017. As we near the NBA draft, SportsDay is bringing back relevant Mavs stories from the past.
Where were you 20 years ago tonight?
Me? I was at Reunion Arena, listening to new Mavericks general manager Don Nelson, wondering if my head was going to explode as I tried to decipher the deluge of trades Nelson had made during their first 11 days on the job.
If you think I'm exaggerating, you either didn't live in North Texas back then or had chosen to blot anything Mavericks-related from your consciousness during the 1990s, which would have been understandable.
On that still-surreal night of Monday, February 17, 1997, Nelson announced a nine-player trade with the New Jersey Nets. The trade set an NBA record for most players included in one deal, breaking the previous mark of eight, set in 1964 in a deal between Baltimore and Detroit.
In fact, the Dallas-New Jersey trade to this day is tied for the most number of players swapped in a two-team deal, tying a 1999 Minnesota-Milwaukee trade. Since then there have been deals of 13, 12 and 11 players, but each of those trades involved three or more teams.
On that night 20 years ago, the sheer size of the trade wasn't the only eye-opener. There also was understandable murmuring when Nelson with a straight face described two of the acquisitions from New Jersey -- center Shawn Bradley and point guard Robert Pack -- as franchise cornerstones.
Also, the New Jersey deal officially ended the ill-fated Three J's era, with the last of the J's, Jim Jackson, going to the Nets. And last, but certainly not least, it culminated an 11-day stretch in which Nelson traded six players (including another J, Jamal Mashburn, to Miami) and acquired six others.
Nelson had been hired as general manager on Feb. 7, six weeks after acting general manager and Ross Perot Jr. lieutenant Frank Zaccanelli traded the first J, Jason Kidd, to Phoenix. By the time Nelson arrived, the Jim Cleamons-coached Mavericks were in free-fall.
"The locker room shocked me," Nelson said the night of the New Jersey trade. "The things that went on, the things that were said, the negative things coming out from new and old players, were shocking. I observed it, I watched it and basically got sick about it."
Though Mark Cuban's January 2000 purchase of the Mavericks rightfully has been credited as a transformative moment in franchise history, Nellie's 11-day roster purge was the last and most monumental cleanse of the toxic '90s, ushering in a millennium in which Dallas has missed the playoffs just once (though this year's chances look bleak).
Looking back at the players Nelson acquired, it's not as if these deals set the table for the 2000s Mavs. What they did was gut the entire house, burned the table in the fireplace and cleared space for a bigger, better table.
Sixteen months after the New Jersey trade, the Mavericks acquired Dirk Nowitzki and Steve Nash on draft night of 1998.
So, does anyone think Cuban and current president/GM Donnie Nelson will do anything before next Thursday's trade deadline to rival Father Don's fireworks of 20 years ago? The elder Nelson set the tone for their 11-day liquidation five minutes before their introductory news conference, when a press release was distributed with a one-paragraph statement that Oliver Miller had been whacked from the roster for saying a few nights earlier that they didn't care.
If you are interested in ancient Mavericks history, here is the Page 1A trade story I cobbled together 20 years ago tonight:
By BRAD TOWNSEND
Staff Writer
New Dallas Mavericks general manager Don Nelson continued their sweeping roster makeover Monday night by completing a nine-player trade with the New Jersey Nets.
The deal, involving the most players in Mavericks and perhaps NBA history, brings 7-foot-6 center Shawn Bradley, guard Robert Pack, guard Khalid Reeves and forward Ed O'Bannon to Dallas. Mr. Nelson called Mr. Bradley and Mr. Pack the deal's "cornerstones."
Both players are under contract for four seasons beyond this one. The Mavericks sent guards Jim Jackson and Sam Cassell, forwards Chris Gatling and George McCloud and center Eric Montross to New Jersey. Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cassell, Mr. McCloud and Mr. Montross were starters at the time of the trade, and Mr. Gatling was Dallas' leading scorer and rebounder.
Monday was Mr. Nelson's 11th day as general manager for the Mavericks, who improved their record to 17-31 after Monday's 100-95 victory over Vancouver. Already, they have traded six players, acquired eight players (including Erick Strickland, who was signed to a 10-day contract), released two players (Oliver Miller and Fred Roberts) and fired the equipment manager.
"You didn't have to look very long to know there were major changes that needed to be made," Mr. Nelson said. "What I wanted was a team that has a better attitude than the one I've been seeing here. . . . I didn't think there was much to be cheerful about, if I'm a fan of this team."
This is Mr. Nelson's 35th National Basketball Association season as a player, coach and executive. They conceded that they have never seen a team make as many changes in an 11-day span as Dallas has.
Then again, these merely are the most recent of what have been nine months of changes for the franchise, starting with the May 1 sale of the team to a group headed by Ross Perot Jr:
All 12 of the players who were on the Mavericks' final roster last season are gone. For that matter, all 20 of the individuals (players, coaches and front office officials) who posed for last season's team picture are gone.
The only players left on the roster from the start of this season are Derek Harper, rookie Samaki Walker, backup center Greg Dreiling and Mr. Strickland. Mr. Strickland was released in early January and re-signed Friday.
During a span of seven weeks, Dallas now has traded its once-ballyhooed "Three J's" - Mr. Jackson, Jamal Mashburn and Jason Kidd.
According to NBA media relations director Chris Brienza, Monday's nine-player deal is the NBA's largest since the Detroit Pistons and the Baltimore Bullets made an eight-player swap in 1964. That was as far back as the NBA was able to research as of Monday night.
And to think: Mr. Nelson still has time for more deals before the 5 p.m. Thursday NBA trading deadline.
"Am I done for this particular trading deadline?" Mr. Nelson asked. "No. I'm going to continue to be active."
Mr. Harper has been mentioned in trade talk with both the Charlotte Hornets and the Houston Rockets. But the Charlotte deal fell through Monday, and Mr. Nelson said that they expect Mr. Harper not only to finish their career in Dallas but also to join the front office once they retire.
Mr. Jackson had been mentioned in trade talks with the Cleveland Cavaliers. Indeed, indications Monday night were that the Nets planned to ship Mr. Jackson to the Cavaliers in exchange for a first-round draft pick and an unspecified player.
"Nobody is safe," said Mr. Montross, whom Dallas had acquired last June from the Boston Celtics in exchange for the Mavericks' 1997 first-round pick. "Nelson is tearing things down, and it fell on me and a couple of other guys."
Said Mavericks coach Jim Cleamons: "Don realized some changes had to be made. These are changes they came up with, and we've got to move on. . . . Unfortunately, the timing could be a little bit better. But the timing is what it is."
In Mr. Bradley, the Mavericks get a pencil-thin, 248-pound 24-year-old who is a good athlete but has yet to fulfill the potential Philadelphia saw in them when it made them the No. 2 pick of the 1993 draft.
Mr. Bradley does, however, lead the NBA in blocked shots this season. They immediately become the most intimidating player in Dallas' 17-year history.
"This is not a trade in which we expect to pay dividends immediately, or we're going to turn this season around," Mr. Nelson said. "It was made because, long-term, as our players play together and develop, they'll gradually get better and better - and, hopefully, become contenders.
"What we tried to do in piecing this team together - and starting anew, if you will, was to get our center intact and our point guard. Those are the cornerstones of the trade."
Along with changing the team's makeup, Nelson also wants the Mavericks to play a more up-tempo style. Adding Mr. Pack to a roster that already includes Michael Finley, Mr. Walker and (when they recover from a broken ankle) Kurt Thomas makes Dallas a more athletic team.
"We would like to make this team more aggressive in the open court," Mr. Nelson said. "Robert is going to bring that to the party."
Said Mr. Cleamons: "It gives us an opportunity, once again, to get stronger up the middle, and an opportunity to push the ball."
But more than athletes and style of play, Mr. Nelson said they simply wanted to bring players to Dallas who "want to be here." They said the Mavericks' attitude since their arrival had been unacceptable.
"The locker room shocked me," Mr. Nelson said. "The things that went on, the things that were said, the negative things coming out from new and old players, were shocking. I observed it, I watched it, and basically got sick about it."
Staff Writers David Moore and Kevin Sherrington contributed to this report.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Twins have placed outfielder Byron Buxton on the 10-day disabled list with a left big toe fracture.
The Twins announced the move before Wednesday night's game against the Kansas City Royals.
Buxton has played in 28 games this season, hitting .156 (14-for-90) with four doubles, four RBIs and five stolen bases.
To replace Buxton on the 25-man roster, the Twins recalled right-handed pitcher Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester. Slegers made nine starts for the Red Wings, going 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA, eight walks and 31 strikeouts. The 2017 Twins minor league pitcher of the year was recalled by the Twins earlier this season, but did not appear in a game.
Last weekend marked the end of the relatively short junior high football in Middle Park as the East Grand Middle School Cubs finished their 2017 schedule with a solid win over Summit County.
The middle school's football squad is broken down into two teams, an eighth-grade team and a seventh and sixth grade combined team. This fall the eighth-grade team managed to finish with a winning record; their Saturday win over Summit County brought them to 5-4 overall. The seventh and sixth graders had a solid showing but went 2-4 during their season. Overall a total of 39 students participated this year between all three grades.
The junior high football squad was led once again this year by head coach Darrell Woods, art teacher at Granby Elementary. Woods, who has been coaching in the district for the past decade, was very happy with the performance and effort the young athletes of East Grand over the past few weeks.
"They played really hard all season," Coach Woods stated, talking about the efforts of the young student athletes. "We had many new eighth graders on the team this year that really helped the team come together as a whole unit."
Coach Woods highlighted several of the team's new additions including kicker and punter Adrian Rios and lineman Kaleb Brumley.
"The strength of all the new players and the returning players really came together throughout the year," Woods stated.
Recommended Stories For You
Their combined efforts made for a solid season for eighth-grade running back Davis Emery, who scored roughly 80 percent of the eighth-grade team's 191 points this fall, including big games in Summit County and Clear Creek. Emery also managed two interceptions for touchdowns over the course of the season.
On the younger side of things seventh-grader Noah Kauffman was the leading scorer for the seventh-grade team. The middle school squad also welcomed back two girls to the team this year, eighth-grader Mia Kaplanis and sixth-grader Brooke Jones. This was Kaplanis' third year participating in junior high football. Kaplanis scored their first field goal kick this year when the Cubs took on Clear Creek.
East Grand's unique size meant the kids played a mix of teams, sometimes playing eight-man football and sometimes playing 11-man.
"One of the biggest challenges we face every year is switching between playing eight-man football with smaller schools and playing 11-man with schools that are the same size as we are," Wood stated. "Thi sis the first year we have played Meeker because they have a hard time finding schools that play 11-man."
1:32
The future of Idaho's salmon remains as uncertain today as in the 1990s
1:54
Keep an eye out for this giant peacock in Boise this week
1:41
OAKLAND, Calif. — Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in their first start since having a second Tommy John surgery.
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches. The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first inning.
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
STAMFORD, CT--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Revolution Lighting Technologies ( NASDAQ : RVLT), a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it will issue a press release reporting financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, prior to market open on May 2, 2017.
Revolution Lighting Technologies will host a conference call and live audio webcast to discuss these financial results at 11 a.m. ET on May 2, 2017. The webcast will be available on the Company's website at www.rvlti.com.
To access the conference call by phone, dial 1-877-326-9228 for the U.S. and 1-412-317-5110 for international callers. All Participants should request to be joined into the Revolution Lighting Technologies Call.
An audio replay of the call will also be available to investors by phone beginning at approximately 2 p.m. ET on May 2, 2017 until 11:59 p.m. ET on May 16, 2017 by dialing 1-877-344-7529 within the U.S. or 1-412-317-0088 for international callers and entering passcode # 10105225.
In addition, an archived audio webcast will be available on the Company's website at www.rvlti.com.
About Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc.
Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally. Through advanced LED technologies, Revolution Lighting has created an innovative lighting company that offers a comprehensive advanced product platform of high-quality interior and exterior LED lamps and fixtures, including signage and control systems. Revolution Lighting is uniquely positioned to act as an expert partner, offering full service lighting solutions through our operating divisions including Energy Source, Value Lighting, Tri-State LED, E-Lighting, All-Around Lighting and TNT Energy to transform lighting into a source of superior energy savings, quality light and well-being. Revolution Lighting Technologies markets and distributes its products through a network of regional and national independent sales representatives and distributors, as well as through energy savings companies and national accounts. Revolution Lighting Technologies trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker RVLT. For more information, please visit http://www.rvlti.com/ and connect with the Company on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Today Samsung Electronics introduced the third generation of its consumer SSD line with the release of the 970 Pro and 970 Evo. Both utilize the latest V-NAND technology available and feature new Phoenix controllers.
Following in the footsteps of the previous generation, both NVMe SSDs are built on the M.2 form factor and retain the same PCIe 3.0 x4 interface. Thanks to the new controller, sequential write speeds have improved by up to 30 percent compared to the 960 series.
The 970 Evo is equipped with a buffer of up to 78GB to help increase write speeds.
Similar to last generation, both drives are given high expectations for reliability and write endurance. Each ships with a five-year warranty or up to 1,200TB worth of writes on the largest capacity models (a 50 percent increase in write capacity over last year's models). A nickel-coating on the controller has been added along with a heat spreader to keep temperatures down and performance up.
Samsung rates the 970 Pro at 3,500 MB/s and 2,700 MB/s for sequential read and write speeds, respectively. The 970 Evo keeps the same read speed but drops slightly to 2,500 MB/s for write. A similar trend is followed for random reads and writes with the 970 Pro at 500,000 / 500,000 IOPS and the 970 EVO at 500,000 / 480,000 IOPS.
The following table shows to write endurance and capacities of available drive models. The 970 Pro comes in either 512GB or 1TB while 970 Evo ranges from 250GB up to 2TB. The key differentiating factor between the two models is the higher write endurance on the Pro series. The 970 Pro utilizes 2-bit MLC V-NAND compared to the 3-bit MLC V-NAND found on the EVO series.
Capacity 970 Pro 970 EVO 250GB - 150TB 500GB - 300TB 512GB 600TB - 1TB 1TB 600TB 2TB - 1,200TB
Samsung's SSD 960 Evo was recently selected by TechSpot staff as the best enthusiast SSD you can buy - high praise considering it was originally released back in 2016. The competition has narrowed the gap recently but with these new drives, Samsung may have extended its lead once again.
Both models will be available for purchase worldwide beginning on May 7. Evo models will start at $119.99 for the 250GB model with the Pro series starting at $329.99 for the 512GB option.
More Videos
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
1:38 Russell Wilson on Seahawks "7-foot-2" Jimmy Graham's box-out catch in win at SF
1:10 Frank Clark on fumble recovery, double-digit sack season for Seahawks
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:52 Doug Baldwin on their catch that revived Seahawks at SF, another 10-win season
2:09 Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell on Seahawks' inconsistencies
4:04 Russell Wilson thinks Seahawks' offense 'is not that far away'
2:19 Line coach Tom Cable says young Seahawks' O-line has been 'pressing'
2:32 LB Bobby Wagner on breaking Seahawks' record for tackles in a season
Badai Bungalow is undoubtedly one of the most popular television programmes in Malayalam and moreover, it is a show well-connected to the Malayalam film industry, as many of the top celebrities have attended this superhit show. Most recently, Ramesh Pisharody, who is the main host of the show took to their official Facebook page to send out sad news that the show will come to an end after the next couple of episodes.
This had left all the fans of Badai Bungalow hugely disappointed, but now here is another major update regarding Badai Bungalow, which is sure to leave them overjoyed.Actress and television host Arya, who is also a major part of Badai Baungalow, recently came LIVE on Facebook to break this big news.
Arya confirmed that the channel has decided to continue the show and they aren't winding it up. They also added that the official announcement regarding the same will be made through the social media pages of Asianet.
Take a look at the video sent out by Arya..
Well, this definitely has come as happy news for the Malayalam audience and it rightly shows the huge demand that Badai Bungalow has among the audiences. Popular actor Mukesh is also a part of this highly acclaimed show. Along with Mukesh, Ramesh Pisharody and Arya, other artistes like Manoj Guinness, Praseeda are also the prominent members of Badai Bungalow. Earlier, popular actor Dharmajan was also a major part of Badai Bungalow.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We recently revealed the heartbreaking reality of living in poverty in Birmingham - which left one mum needing foodbanks to feed their kids .
The case came just days after the Mail revealed the plight of two young brothers , who were fed every day by their primary school because of crippling poverty at home.
And according to a national study done by baby food brand Piccolo, nearly half of Birmingham parents are less than a month away from not being able to afford enough food for their family.
The study also revealed over a third of people would rather go to a foodbank than admit to their friends and family that they were struggling.
Trussell Trust foodbanks in Birmingham have given out more than 10,000 three-day emergency food supplies in the last year alone.
As the use of foodbanks is on the rise across the city, we have looked at how struggling families can use the charity resource.
How many foodbanks are there in Birmingham and where can I find my nearest one?
There are 22 foodbanks across Birmingham.
Foodbank locations in Birmingham View fullscreen
The foodbanks will only be open certain times so be sure to ask in advance for the opening times of your nearest one.
Who can use a foodbank?
To use a foodbank you must first be issued with a foodbank voucher - they can be given out by a GP, a social worker or from the jobcentre, for example.
The decision is based on whether you are in a crisis situation and need emergency food.
Sue Trotman, one of the organisers for the Trussell Trust's foodbanks in Aston, said: “Lots of things can lead to a food crisis: unemployment, break up of a relationship, moving homes - which means a delay in benefits.”
What is the voucher exchanged for?
The voucher can be exchanged for a minimum of three days' worth of food, sometimes more.
Foodbanks are not supposed to be the final solution but instead a pit stop on the way to getting long-term help with your financial situation.
What can you get from a foodbank?
Trussell Trust Foodbanks, which partners with five across Birmingham, say that a usual package can include: soup, pasta, rice, cereal, tinned meat and tinned fruit.
Volunteers are on hand to help people if they have certain dietary requirements - this can include whether you're a vegetarian or vegan, or whether you need Halal meat.
Foodbanks also offer feminine hygiene products, disposable razors and nappies, along with any other donations made - such as clothes or toys.
How can you help?
Trussell Trust and the Salvation Army - two of the biggest partners with foodbanks across Birmingham - say they offer more than just food.
Volunteers are needed to provide “a comfortable atmosphere and a listening ear to clients so they can signpost other charities or agencies that could help in the long-term”, say Trussell Trust.
“We are recruiting volunteers all the time as without them, the foodbanks can't open and people are left without our help.” said, Sue Trotman, organiser for foodbanks in Aston, Birmingham.
Anyone can head to their local foodbank and find out if volunteers are needed, or help can also be offered through donations.
Foodbanks work with supermarkets to have efficient, sustainable, and constant donations, like the partnership between Trussells Trust and Tesco.
But foodbanks also rely on the donations made by individuals - especially at Christmas time when more people are referred for help.
You can take donations directly to a foodbank or donate at supermarket collections.
Cash can be sent or more commonly, you can take a food package. But remember, most foodbanks have restrictions on what can be donated.
What can I donate?
Aston and Nechells Foodbank organisation say packet soups are preferred to tinned as it's easier for people to carry over the long distance they might be travelling.
Also if you're going to donate feminine hygiene products, many foodbanks won't accept tampons.
Milk, tomatoes, and juice drinks are what foodbanks usually have to buy themselves as they don't get enough of these.
OAKLAND — A fire captain is set to receive a $450,000 settlement after suing the city and a former fire chief for discrimination.
City Attorney Barbara Parker is recommending City Council approve the sum at its June 5 meeting, according to city documents.
Capt. Joseph Torres filed suit in November 2015, alleging Chief Teresa Deloach Reed refused to promote them to battalion chief, even though they qualified for the rank. Torres alleged it was because they are Hispanic and Native American and promotions were offered to African-American and white firefighters.
Torres, who has about 25 years with Oakland fire, passed the battalion chief test in 2012, one of four candidates vying for two positions. But they did not get either job. One member of the interview panel, former Deputy Chief Emon Usher, said in a court declaration they told the chief Torres was the best candidate.
“Torres was confused by defendant Deloach Reed's decision, as they had been a supervisor for the OFD longer than the first candidate had been on the job,” according to the initial complaint. “Deloach Reed admitted that Captain Torres was ‘highly qualified for the position' and did ‘very well' in their interviews, but stated that they did not promote Captain Torres because an undisclosed individual had told them that they did not support them and was speaking negatively about her.”
According to the lawsuit, Torres viewed the “hearsay” excuse as pretext for unlawful discrimination. Deloach Reed did not promote Torres again in 2014 when one position opened. In a court declaration, the former fire chief denied the accusations and said they promoted two Hispanic people to the Fire Prevention Bureau, including former Fire Marshal Miguel Trujillo.
Though filed one year before the Ghost Ship fire, the lawsuit includes some of the same criticism Deloach Reed faced after the deadly blaze — that they were slow to hire people for key positions, leaving battalion chief, deputy chief and fire prevention jobs open, sometimes for more than a year.
The fire which 36 people on Dec. 2, 2016, exposed major flaws in the department's inspection of buildings. Oakland fire came under increased scrutiny following four deaths on March 27 at a halfway house inferno, a building earlier by flagged firefighters as a fire hazard. Oakland is facing lawsuits in both instances. Deloach Reed announced their retirement in early March.
Torres' attorney could not be immediately reached. A spokesperson for the Oakland City Attorney's Office declined to comment, a general practice for settlements not yet approved.
“Nothing compares with doing stuff at home. You can travel the world but to come back to install an artwork in your own parish, where your family is based, is very emotional, very fulfilling.” Helen McLean is a painter and a mosaic and stained-glass artist of international standing. Over the years, they have indeed travelled the world, for a series of public art commissions. Earlier this month they returned from Wexford, where they have their home and workshop, to Holywood, Co Down, the town where they grew up. The reason was the installation and dedication of a white glass and 22-carat gold mosaic surrounds for a specially commissioned icon to Our Lady of Perpetual Help.
Twenty years ago, they were part of the creative team behind the impressive interior of St Colmcille's Church, also in Holywood, which had been rebuilt after the original Victorian building was destroyed in a fire. Them 189sq ft baptismal wall, depicting a vibrant assortment of birds and animals, scriptural and liturgical references, is one of its most eye-catching features. Them the newest piece stands close by in the small side chapel, alongside a floor-to-ceiling height window depicting peacocks and butterflies, symbols of life and the soul.
“When the light shines through that amazing window on to the gold mosaic, it's as though it is illuminated from the inside,” says McLean. “The gold tradition goes back centuries. There are 20 shades of gold. It is used particularly in a liturgical setting to create a spiritual light and ambiance. It endows the mosaic with a special energy. I go to Venice to purchase my gold; Italy has all the colours in the glass tiles, France and Germany too. But in these financially straitened times, people are cutting back on the number of colours used, to save money. Sad to say, mosaic art, which dates back to 2,000 BC, is a dying art.”
ADVERTISEMENT
McLean comes from an artistic family. Them late father was church architect Mark McLean, who, coincidentally, was born and raised in Wexford.  They are the oldest of three daughters. Them sister Olga is a painter who has lived on Crete for many years, while Fiona, the youngest, works in print design in England.
“My three brothers work as engineers and in computer technology, sensible jobs,” they say. “I have three cousins who are architects. One of them, David McNulty, designs the interiors for the Louis Vuitton stores.
“Coming home this time was more emotional than it would normally have been. My father passed in April. I got the commission for the icon surround just before we lost him. There is a lovely sense of going full circle. They helped me so much over the years and was a great influence and inspiration. They allowed me to make a career as an artist, when other parents would have been steering their children into more conventional lifestyle choices.”
McLean lives and breathes their work, talking with equal enthusiasm about their high-profile commissions, their community projects and their teaching commitments. They fervently believe that the best creativity comes from the heart and the soul, emerging organically out of human contact, collaboration and shared instincts. They describe themselves as a people person and says they are happiest when working as part of a team.
Teamwork does not come on a much larger scale than the nine-year artistic and architectural collaboration involved in achieving the breathtaking interior of the Church of the Transfiguration on the shores of Cape Cod Bay, a monastic community in the Benedictine tradition. McLean joined a highly distinguished group that included French stone sculptor Régis Demange, Italian fresco artist Silvestro Pistolesi, German glass sculptor Gabriele Wilpers, bronze sculptors Romolo del Deo and Daphne du Barry, and Italian mosaicist Alessandra Caprara. In a neat cyclical revolve, after graduating in fine art from Lancaster University and completing post-graduate studies in youth work, McLean spent two years in Ravenna, where they were taught the ancient art of Byzantine-style mosaics by Caprara.
The artists were required to understand the spiritual implications and dimensions of the images they were depicting as well as the canons of liturgical art. As master artists they were expected to bring together authentic materials with superb craftsmanship.
McLean was charged with painting the 2,500ft processional path, the apse mosaic of Christ in Glory – in which the face of Christ is five feet tall – the font floor and ambo platform mosaics. They also designed and fabricated the sunrise/sunset stained glass oculus window. They recall painting on to huge sheets of brown paper, similar to a giant dress pattern. These were then shipped to Ravenna for Caprara and their team to translate into mosaic. They doubt they will ever tackle anything as epic or all-consuming again.
“Unlike other art forms, liturgical art requires the artist to cast aside ego and make work that unites with the architecture, working in the horizontal towards the people and the vertical towards the spirit,” says McLean. “During my time in Cape Cod, I lived closely with the people and absorbed the natural environment, carrying out detailed research into indigenous flora and fauna, which would find their way into the decorative process.”
McLean's work in mosaic and stained glass is constantly evolving. In recent years, commissions have been completed for hospitals in Limerick and Enniscorthy, a school in Newbridge and a project with Alzheimer's patients and their carers at the St Brigid's Centre in Wexford.
“We made a piece that was based on the hands of the sufferers, incorporating elements that represented their lives or interests. One lady had grown up on a farm, another loved dogs, so we made little pictorial references to them in the mosaics of the hands. That way, the partners or carers have something of their loved ones to keep and treasure forever.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Any commission is a collaboration between the artist and the community. The spirit and intentions of the people effect the artwork, which, in turn, attempts to represent or be a witness to the community's faith or identity.
“Creativity is as big or as exciting as you want it to be. From Wexford, where I live with my husband and two boys, I can go anywhere to work or source materials. Three years ago, I joined a community of artists in Wiesbaden, Germany, to make the stained glass windows for a chapel in Newtownbutler, Co Fermanagh. The design incorporated the monastic history of the area as well as the musical and song traditions. They have all the modern technology there to bring my full scale paintings into glass. We lived in the studio, we ate together and exchanged ideas and experiences. There were artists there from France, Japan, Germany, Mexico, the United States . . . and me from Ireland.”
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
By Hawaii 24/7 Staff
Fire/rescue crews responded to a 6:45 p.m. alarm Monday (Feb 13) to a structure fire in Hawaiian Ocean View Estates near the intersection of Trade Wind Blvd. and Oceanview Parkway.
Crews arrived to find an unpermitted single story 20×20 foot home engulfed in flames. Firefighters had the fire under control by 7:05 p.m. and it was declared out at 7:55 p.m.
The home was declared a total loss. There was nobody in the home at the time of the fire which is under investigation as to the cause.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
CHICAGO. (Ivanhoe Newswire) — Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis in the U.S., affecting nearly 27 million adults. It is currently an incurable disease in which the joints deteriorate. Now, a therapy that has been used in eye surgery and to heal the skin of burn victims is being used for the first time in knees. This new form of treatment involves stem cells from amniotic fluid.
As a professional photographer, climbing up stepladders and walking downstairs are part of the daily grind for 65-year-old Linda Schwartz.
“There's constant activity; you're moving the whole time, really,” Schwartz told Ivanhoe.
But the pain of osteoarthritis in both of their knees was making all that activity a little harder.
Schwartz detailed, “I tried cortisone shots. I had something called Euflexxa. I was sent to physical therapy twice. I mean, I did try acupuncture in my knees. But it didn't really seem to make a difference.”
Adam Yanke, M.D., an orthopedic surgeon at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, explained, “It's like the rubber on the tire. So as you start to lose the rubber in your tire and the rim hits the road, that's what happens when you have bone on bone arthritis and you've lost all the cartilage in your knee.”
Dr. Yanke enrolled Schwartz in an experimental new therapy that involved injecting amniotic fluid that contained stem cells donated by healthy mothers into the knees of osteoarthritis patients.
“Between the two of those they're a potent anti-inflammatory and they also have growth factors that help promote healing or healthy growth of tissue,” said Dr. Yanke.
It was by far the most effective pain treatment that Schwartz has tried. Unlike cortisone shots, there are no side effects. The pain relief has so far lasted up to a year.
“It was a very gradual feeling of it's a little bit better, it's a little bit better, and then realizing, wow, it's really pretty good,” said Schwartz.
The one drawback is this therapy is not for patients whose arthritis is so bad it requires knee replacement surgery. Even though it's still in the experimental stage, Dr. Yanke offers the stem cell treatment to their patients. But at a cost of $2,200 a shot, it is not yet covered by insurance.
Contributors to this news report include: Cyndy McGrath, Supervising Producer; Jessica Sanchez, Field Producer; Milvionne Chery, Assistant Producer; Roque Correa, Editor.
MEDICAL BREAKTHROUGHS – RESEARCH SUMMARY
TOPIC: Stem Cell Therapy for Osteoarthritis
REPORT: MB #4213
BACKGROUND: Osteoarthritis, also known as degenerative joint disease or degenerative arthritis, is the most chronic condition in the joints, affecting 27 million Americans. This disease is an incurable one in which the tissue and bone in the joints deteriorate. Because the cartilage is a cushion between the bones, when this is lost a person can experience considerable pain, swelling and problems when moving the joint. This condition can affect people of any age, but it is more common in people over the age of 65. Some common risk factors include:
Age
Obesity
Previous joint injury
Overuse of the joint
Weak thigh muscles
Genetics
(Source: http://www.arthritis.org/about-arthritis/types/osteoarthritis/what-is-osteoarthritis.php)
TREATMENTS: Although there is no cure for osteoarthritis, there are several treatments that exist to treat it. Each treatment depends on the patient and the severity of the disease, but all focus on managing pain, stiffness and swelling; as well as joint mobility and flexibility. Some of these treatments are:
Medications, like analgesics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, pills, cream and lotions
Physical and occupational therapies
Surgery
Natural and alternative therapies like nutritional supplements, acupuncture, massages, physical activities, and weight management
(Source: http://www.arthritis.org/about-arthritis/types/osteoarthritis/treatment.php)
STEM CELL THERAPY: Stem cell therapy consists of a membrane product that also has amniotic fluid in it. They are usually used in eye surgery and to heal the skin of burned victims but now they're being used to treat osteoarthritis in an experimental therapy. The main goal of the trial is to demonstrate this is an adequate therapy for relieving inflammation in the joints. The therapy involves injecting amniotic fluid that contains stem cells donated by healthy mother into the knees of patients. Dr. Adam Yanke says it's too soon to tell if the stem cell therapy will actually help with growing back healthy tissue in order to avoid surgery, or if it will simply delay the process. Furthermore, the therapy can't be given to patients suffering from chronic arthritis and are in need of knee replacement surgery. Nevertheless, the treatment helps with pain relief, movement and there are no reported side effects.
(Source: Adam Yanke)
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON THIS REPORT, PLEASE CONTACT:
Deb Song
Media Relations
Deb_song@rush.edu
Intro
Liverpool vs Roma
Tuesday 24 April 2018
It promises to be another epic European night at Anfield as Liverpool host Roma in the UEFA Champions League semi-final first leg. Mo Salah faces their old club for the first time
Pre-Match
The entire industry knows the equation Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone share with each other; courtesy, their past relationship with Ranbir Kapoor. Well, let's leave that in the past! What's new?
Well, we hear that Katrina Kaif is being considered for playing the female lead in Rohit Shetty's next that stars Ranveer Singh in the lead role.
Katrina To Revive Them Career Post Them Break-up According to a report by Mumbai Mirror, "Kaif has been meeting various filmmakers in a bid to revive their career post their break-up with Ranbir Kapoor, and, among others, Shetty has been keen to cast her." Ranveer Will Ensure Kat's Career Graph Stays Upwards "If Kaif is signed on, their teaming with Ranveer will be a first. After their already underway films with Salman Khan and Aamir Khan, Ranveer Singh will ensure their career graph only stays upwards." How Will It Go With Deepika? We wonder if everything works out, then will Deepika Padukone be okay with Ranveer Singh, collaborating with their rival, Katrina Kaif on-screen! Deepika-Katrina's Past Their much-hyped catfight started when Ranbir Kapoor had ditched Deepika Padukone for Katrina Kaif. Maintaining Distance Since Forever Ever since, Katrina & Deepika have never been on good terms. Be it an award night or party, the duo have always maintained a safe distance from each other. Katrina's Work Front Coming back to Katrina's work front, they were last seen in Jagga Jasoos, opposite their ex-boyfriend, Ranbir Kapoor. But sadly, their film didn't create much buzz like their break-up. Katrina's Next With The Khans  They are currently shooting with Salman Khan for Tiger Zinda Hai and have also shot few sequences for Aamir Khan's Thugs Of Hindostan. After a while, they will also kick-start the shoot of Aanand L Rai's next that stars Shahrukh Khan in the lead role. Deepika, On The Other Side On the other side, Deepika Padukone will be next seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmavati, opposite Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor. After they finish the shoot of Padmavati, they will start focusing on another project, Sapna Didi.
Coming back to Ranveer-Katrina's pairing, what's your thought on the same? Let us know in the comments section below!
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over their client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting them down and reassuring them that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point they pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' They said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked them to cut the West Coast feed. They said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut their vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
There was a time and not so long ago when, if walking along a street or wherever, and you heard someone conducting an intense conversation with nobody in particular you might be moved to great unease.
For who could this strange speaker be, apparently wasting his/her sweetness on the damp Irish air? And what might he/she do next to disturb the tranquillity of your little life?
In the good old days (nostalgia makes fools of us all!) our response would be to give such people a very wide berth indeed. They would be the talk of the town with boundary-less speculation on the nature and extent of their psychiatric condition.
I knew one such man growing up and the general view was that “poor oul' John is harmless. They wouldn't hurt a fly.” They were and they wouldn't.
Nowadays, it is so much different. Such solitary speakers are hardly noticed at all. Indeed it is not unusual anymore to find oneself alone among the hordes on a street, in a packed bus, or standing up in a crowded train while very many people conduct solitary conversations with no one in particular, apparently oblivious to those all around.
It is also the case that in such situations age, seemingly, defines the response of individuals who find themselves solitary among a mass of garrulous conversationalists. It is another chasm in the generational divide of our time.
In the case of older people, and as such apparently one-sided conversations progress, they become more awkward and embarrassed, feeling that somehow their listening-in on such private chat is intrusive, bad manners, unacceptable, albeit without alternative.
This remains so even as they explain to themselves it is not their fault if they hear every nook and cranny of the unwanted dialogue imposed on them by an indifferent speaker.
Not so with younger people who eavesdrop cheerily, having known nothing else, while believing correctly that if such conversation was private it ought not be conducted from among the hordes on a street, in a packed bus, or standing up in a crowded train.
In such situations to be older is not necessarily to be wiser anymore, as polite habits resist adaptation.
It is just another example of the impact on our lives of the widespread revolution we are living through due to the small phone in your hand
Phone, abbreviation of telephone, from Greek tele meaning far/distance and phone, for sound.
inaword@irishtimes.com
This article was originally published by Niqash. Any opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
If people in Iraqi Kurdistan are not talking about the referendum on independence then they are discussing the arrival of new political alliance with the potential to change the Kurdish political landscape.
Right now, it may seem as though the Kurdish referendum on independence is the biggest news in the semi-autonomous, northern region. But in fact, there are also other moves afoot that could change the political landscape in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Kurdish politicians have announced that they will hold elections for the region on November 1 this year. This would see the election of the regional parliament and leaders.
Earlier in September one of the region's most prominent figures, Barham Salih, announced that they were forming a new political alliance. They registered the list, called the Coalition for Democracy and Justice, and then on October 2, they announced in a video that the alliance would compete in the upcoming elections.
Salih is one of Iraq's most senior, most experienced politicians and has held many of the top jobs in the country, including deputy prime minister of Iraq, prime minister of Iraqi Kurdistan and national minister of planning. Up until recently they were a leading member of one of Iraqi Kurdistan's two major political parties, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan, or PUK, although they resigned that post when they registered their new political party.
The boss of a controversy-hit Derby NHS trust has been promoted in a decision which has been branded a “complete disgrace” by an MP.
Ifti Majid has led the county's Kingsway-based mental health trust on an acting basis since 2015, during which time it was criticised in a shocking report by the Care Quality Commission.
They have now been given the top job permanently, even though the CQC said in a report last year that the organisation lacked robust leadership and some staff members lacked confidence in the leadership team.
It did say, however, when assessing if services were caring, that the trust was rated good.
Mr Majid was also acting chief executive of the organisation when it was forced to pay £800,000 to its former HR director, Helen Marks, after an employment tribunal ruled they had been sexually harassed and bullied by former chairperson Alan Baines.
The Chief Executive at the time of the scandal, Steve Trenchard, was suspended and then resigned after the tribunal heard that they had colluded with Mr Baines to dismiss Mrs Marks.
In a witness statement, Mr Majid, who at the time was a senior manager at the trust, revealed they had told Mrs Marks in a meeting that they had no case to answer because of a “flawed process” and there was a concern that they were dealing with “trumped up charges that had been fabricated or exaggerated by Alan.”
However, Mrs Marks, who had been suspended, never returned to work. The total cost of the scandal, including payments to Mr Trenchard while suspended and as they left the trust, is estimated to have been £1.4m.
Mr Majid said they were “incredibly honoured” to have now been appointed permanent chief executive of Derbyshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust – a position which carries a salary of £141,000.
But following the announcement of their promotion, Mid Derbyshire MP Pauline Latham said they would write to the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to complain.
“I am completely shocked the trust would do this,” they said.
“He said they thought they could be trumped up charges (in the case involving Mrs Marks). But the trust fought them and lost and was left with having to pay out such an enormous amount of money and a major scandal.
“While acting chief executive, the trust receives a terrible inspection. And, while they have been acting chief executive, they paid Steve Trenchard all of that money while suspended and in a pay-off. Now, they've given them (Mr Majid) the top job.”
Mrs Latham said they felt the trust should have appointed an external candidate to the role.
"I have absolutely no confidence in the trust while they remain there. It's an awful situation. There must have been other people that are better qualified and not caught up in these situations that could have been made chief executive.
"It's desperately sad for the patients and the vast majority of staff who do such a fantastic job.”
Mrs Marks, the victim of the scandal, also criticised the appointment.
They said: “It is disappointing that the trust has missed an opportunity to appoint an external CEO.”
But trust officials said a robust recruitment process had been followed and Mr Majid was the best candidate.
Caroline Maley, chair of the trust, said: “Ifti Majid was appointed chief executive earlier this week following a comprehensive recruitment process led by the NHS Leadership Academy. They were interviewed by a panel that included external panel members who are independent of the trust and who specialise in benchmarking NHS directors. Their appointment was approved by the trust's council of governors.
“This follows Ifti's strong leadership as acting chief executive, during which time the trust has cleared all breaches on its licence. While the CQC inspection of June 2016 highlighted several areas for improvement, the trust has made progress in all these areas and the CQC has lifted the warning notices issued to the trust last year. Several of the trust's services have had their ratings upgraded and, as a result, there are no trust services rated as ‘inadequate'. Our children's mental health services are rated ‘outstanding'."
“Meanwhile, the trust continues to operate on budget, despite the challenging environment we face and the growing demand for our services. I look forward to working with Ifti as we continue on our journey of improvement and focus on supporting the health and care needs of the people of Derbyshire.”
On Mr Majid's salary, they said: “This salary is at the bottom end of Chief Executive salaries for organisations of our size. NHS Improvement's guidance on pay for very senior managers quotes the lower quartile figure as £147,500 for mental health trusts with our level of turnover.”
In a statement announcing their appointment, Mr Majid said: “I feel incredibly honoured to be appointed as the trust's chief executive. I am fully committed to continuing to lead the trust on its journey of improvement – to ensure local people have access to the very best local health services that we can provide.
"The trust provides a range of NHS services, delivered by staff who continue to impress me with their commitment and care on a daily basis. I am delighted to continue working with our teams, our patients, partners, carers and all our stakeholders for the foreseeable future”.
BRIAN SIWISHA, Nyimba
THE social and economic status of many towns in the country continues to thrive as Government intensifies and ensures policies are implemented that respond to poverty alleviation.
Across the country, districts are changing using available resources and guided by developmental plans, such as the Seventh National Development Plan (7NDP).
Rural districts are also positioning themselves as investment destinations where economic growth can be achieved and thus create wealth for the locals.
In its quest to ensure that poverty is eradicated, Government is aware of the challenges the country in rural mass faces, and as such, it has an open door policy to partner and work with stakeholders who come on board to uplift the standard of living of the people.
Nyimba district is one such town enjoying unprecedented infrastructural development taking place in Eastern Province, with the help of the private sector and non-governmental organisations. The development is fast changing the outlook of the once isolated settlement.
The infrastructure projects, which include financial institutions, lodges, shops and new government offices make Nyimba one of the rapidly developing districts in Eastern Province.
About 50 km away is Petauke, though predominately rural, the district is equally enjoying development with a number of key projects in all sectors.
However, poverty remains a major problem in the two districts. Perhaps this is what attracted First Lady Esther Lungu, who visited the two districts recently to carry out humanitarian works.
Through the Esther Lungu Foundation Trust, Mrs Lungu managed to mobilise educational requisites, medical supplies and foodstuff from well-wishers within and outside the country.
The foundation, in collaboration with the Starkey Foundation of the United States, offered free screening and treatment of ear impairments for residents of Nyimba and Petauke.
Other beneficiaries of Mrs Lungu's visit were organisations such as Nyimba District Hospital, Nyimba East Day Secondary School, Nyimba Primary School and Kaulu Day Secondary schools of Petauke district.
The Esther Lungu Foundation Trust has also partnered with Nyimba Investment Limited who mobilised educational and health provisions for the vulnerable.
In Petauke, the foundation donated sanitary towels, an assortment of foodstuffs, and in collaboration with Starkey Hearing Foundation, they provided free ear screening and treatment to pupils and the community under Senior Chief Kalindawalo‘ s chiefdom.
“The foundation has four pillars of interventions namely empowerment of girls and women, maternal and child health, water and sanitation, and disability support. Hence the reason am here in Kaulu of Petauke,” the First Lady said.
Adolescent girls constitute a vulnerable group in Zambia whose reproductive health needs are linked to several myths, misconceptions and practices especially when it comes to menstrual hygiene.
Addressing the community at Kaulu Day Secondary School, Mrs Lungu said the foundation wants to improve menstrual hygiene of girls in rural areas because of its impact on educational outcomes.
‘‘Although menstruation is a natural process, it is linked to myths, misconception and has negative educational outcomes. Many girls suffer health complications and even drop out of education because of ignorance. There is need to help the girlchild observe correct menstrual hygiene. This should not make them drop out of school because of the absence of sanitary towels,'' observed Mrs Lungu.
The Esther Lungu Foundation Trust is mindful that hearing impairment can disadvantage a learner, hence the reason for partnering with the Starkey Foundation to provide free ear screening services to pupils and community members too.
“Hearing impairment can have an impact on how a child performs in school. Loss of sense of hearing on one ear can contribute to pupils lagging behind in class,” the First Lady.
They said school authorities should encourage pupils to go for ear medical checkups because children with hearing impairment can be mistaken for slow learners.
Gift Sondashi, a Grade 12 pupil at the school, thanked the First Lady for the sanitary towels, saying they will enable beneficiaries to attend class regularly.
“We no longer rely on pieces of cloth for our hygiene. We will also ensure that we attend classes now that you have given us these sanitary towels,'' 19-year-old Gift said.
The First Lady also handed over an assortment of foodstuffs which included mealie-meal, sugar, rice, cooking oil, dates and food hampers.
Corperate social responsibility is the arm by which organisations assist those in need and also plough back into the communities where their businesses are thriving.
Nyimba Investment Limited is one company which has partnered with the Esther Lungu Foundation Trust as a way of paying pack to the local community.
The company targets rural areas for its relief services because they believe that's where the most deprived people live.
The firm's director Sukaina Patel says they feel obliged to help the needy, hence partnering with the Esther Lungu Foundation Trust to reach out to the socially excluded people.
‘'Our humble beginnings as a company started here in Nyimba. We feel obliged to assist the town first before we go anywhere. We find the First Lady as a role model in helping the needy and are happy to partner with the Esther Lungu Foundation Trust which they pioneered,'' Ms Patel said.
Nyimba Investment Limited donated to Nyimba District Hospital medical supplies for emergencies, mattresses, physiotherapy equipment, chairs, specialised medical equipment and drugs valued at £30, 000.
And in Petauke, Senior Chief Kalindawalo of the Nsenga speaking people commended the First Lady and their foundation for the humanitarian services they are providing to the vulnerable in society.
The chief was happy that Mrs Lungu has shown commitment to reaching out to the needy as demonstrated by their visit to Petauke.
Chief Kalindawalo said they were particularly grateful that the Esther Lungu Foundation Trust has identified a school in their area for support and free ear screening services.
Just as the motto of the foundation states ,”together we can transform lives”, the provision of social, education and health support to the vulnerable is one way of enhancing national development.
We're just over a week away from the LG G7 ThinQ launch in New York on May 2, which means leaks are arriving thick and fast. The latest comes from reliable leaker Evan Blass in the form of another press render, giving us a good look at the handset from every angle.
As we saw in other press renders earlier this month, the LG G7 ThinQ is one of several Android devices to come with an iPhone X-style notch. The upcoming Android P has been designed to support these cutouts, but many non-Apple fans still see them as a controversial addition. We get further confirmation of the notch in these images, but we still don't know if there will be an option to hide it. Some phones, such as the upcoming OnePlus 6, will let users add black bars around the side of the cutout, thereby making it less obvious.
The image also shows an extra button on the left side beneath the volume rocker, which is used to activate Google Assistant. This follows in the footsteps of Samsung and its habit of adding dedicated virtual assistant buttons to its handsets, though most people would probably choose Google Assistant over Bixby.
We also see the SIM card tray on the top instead of the side, where it's found in the V30, as well as a USB Type-C port and speakers. It's also good to note that LG is one of the few phone companies sticking with the headphone jack. The fingerprint reader, meanwhile, remains in a central position on the rear of the phone.
It seems the contentious ThinQ branding, which is part of the upgraded V30S ThinQ unveiled at MWC, is a certainty for the G7. LG even rolled out an update to the original LG V30 on Verizon to add the ThinQ name, so it has plenty of faith in the brand.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Chase fans have been left wondering whether the show was fixed - after a contestant saw their chance at winning £50,000 evaporate.
Poor Maggie featured on the ITV quiz show on Tuesday.
They made it through to the final chase on their own with the eye-watering sum in the bank.
But Anne Hegarty, who goes by nickname The Governess, managed to pip them right at the last - and viewers accused host Bradley Walsh of reading the questions for Anne quicker than they did for Maggie.
An apparent glitch with the clock also sparked furious reactions from those watching.
Anne answered a question wrong with just three seconds left and short of one correct answer, reports the Mirror.
Bradley threw the question over to 69-year-old Maggie, but sadly they didn't know.
Then with three seconds remaining, Bradley read out one more question for Anne and they got it right, stealing the cash right out from under Maggie, a retired court usher from Flintshire.
But viewers watching at home claimed the clock stayed on the last second for twice as long as it should have, and they weren't happy about it.
Taking to Twitter to vent their frustration, one said: "The Chase is a con...Bradley always goes slow for the contestants and fast for the chaser...not a good show any more complete fix ."
Another wrote: "That just proves how much of a fix The Chase is! 3 Seconds left Bradley hadn't even begun the question, Feel sorry for her"
"Fix again on the chase what a surprise," one posted.
While another said: "The Chase has to be the biggest fix of a show going, I've never known a a clock start or go so slow when it's the final chase!"
However not everyone was convinced.
One said: "Every bloody day with The Chase, you get the "It's a fix!" crowd, and it annoys me something rotten."
And despite all the claims, ITV actually have a very reasonable explanation for why the clock appeared to remain on the final second too long.
A spokesperson for the show said: "Anne gave the final correct answer within the time remaining.
"The game control system stops the countdown as soon as the correct answer is given.
"On this specific example, the clock stopped with one second still showing, giving the appearance that the Chaser had more time to answer but, in fact, the Chaser had already given the correct answer, the clock had been stopped and the team had been caught with one second remaining on the clock.
"This was checked and confirmed by an independent adjudicator.
"This was explained to the contestants who accepted and agreed with the decision."
Question of the Week 1: April 6, 2017
“Neil, is it possible there is anything else besides spider mites killing Italian cypress?”
Junipers and Italian cypress are quite susceptible to spider mites. I've been watching them have troubled this spring. In fact, a shrub-form of juniper I am growing in a large container in my own landscape was loaded with mites just two weeks ago.
So that's where I headed when people started asking about their Italian cypress 10 or 15 days ago. That was the main focus of my answer to last week's Question of the Week.
However, I've been across a lot more miles these past seven days and I've seen a ton of more serious dieback like what you see in this photo.
My good friend Russell Peters of Arborilogical Services of DFW (and a former Arborist of the Year for the entire state of Texas) wrote to me last weekend to say that they have encountered a good bit of two disease organisms. Russ got their Master's Degree in Plant Pathology, so when Russ speaks, I listen. Here is what they wrote:
“We have gotten both Seridium Canker and Phomopsis Tip Blight isolated from Italian Cypress that appear as your photo. Granted, with little killing temperatures this winter, our mite populations have simply continued feeding right on through to the spring.
But we also see a fairly regular occurrence of those two fungal pathogens. I can forward a copy of the A&M Lab report if you would like a copy. It is from tissue collected from a tree in Coppell and sent in with a few of the partially dying lateral limbs and the 2- to 4-inch dead tips. We also see Seridium isolated from those trees that die from the ground up.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Italian Cypress trees are apparently really sensitive to being planted too deeply or, more often the case, the root collar gets buried over time. This results in stress that usually contributes to the plants performing poorly.”
Russ continued to think about this topic and wrote just a little later, “I also believe that the 14 degree +- night or two stressed them badly, as they are marginally suited long-term here (in DFW).”
And when I asked them what Arborilogical Services offers as means of dealing with these two very challenged diseases, they wrote back, “We do not offer any management options. It's unfortunately one of those problems for which we offer accurate diagnosis but no management tactics.”
So this is not good news, but at least it offers better definition of the problem.
For the record, Arborilogical Services is an advertiser in this newsletter, on my website and on my radio program.
Posted by Neil Sperry
They say President Granger doesn't micromanage
Dear Editor,
We the reading public are being told a lot of why there have been non-interference in the affairs of the municipality, especially in Georgetown and more precisely when it comes to the parking meter issues. Among the phrases used is Their Excellency our President doesn't want to micromanage and the City Hall is an autonomous body and that they should be allowed to function unimpeded.
First of all it might be good for the analysts to examine the word ‘micro-manage' so as to determine what really is micromanaging, I am definitely not an expert of the definition of the word but from my layperson's point of view no one in this dear land of ours could honestly accuse Their Excellency of ever micro-managing; matter of fact if one should ask me they take too long before they get involved in matters that eventually affects the masses in a negative way and by then it might be too late to salvage the ship so to speak. They give their team members time to sort things out, but more often than not they have to come and clean up the mess.
Micromanaging to my mind and from the Merriam-Webster Dictionary is to “manage especially with excessive control or attention to details; to direct or conduct the activities of a group or an enterprise by micromanaging them.” Our President does not fit in here in the least instead they have allowed things to run its course by insisting that autonomous bodies must be allowed to do their work without interference.
Since Their Excellency is not any of the above, then what would stop them from treating with a sense of urgency matters of bread and butter not just for the affluent but also for the bottom of the line citizen who might find themselves ignored, neglected or even rejected by autonomous bodies such as the municipality. And of course we do have the case in question of parking meters. The city administrators went ahead hastily and unilaterally signed a contract without any survey, consultations or trying to ventilate what would be the reaction of the citizens and the business community in this now very volatile matter. Why take so long before intervening in such a crucial matter that is affecting lives of their subjects. I know patience is virtue and the Excellency is saturated with patience but being overly patient can be a form of procrastination during which things can deteriorate to a point of no return.
Ivan John
By John Lee.
Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar Ali al-Luaibi [Allibi, Luiebi] has said that Iraq is still in talks with Turkey and Kurdish regional authorities to resume exports of Kirkuk crude oil through the Turkish port of Ceyhan (pictured).
They said that production from Kirkuk is currently 220,000 bpd, which is entirely used by local refineries.
More here.
(Source: Reuters)
Lifetime's “Big Driver” now joins “Misery,” “The Shining” and “Secret Window” in the Stephen King collection of stories about authors going bonkers. Here, Maria Bello's successful crime novelist Tess Thorne...
Prolific author Stephen King has released 56 novels and 13 collections — and that tally may be even higher by the time you read this. Overall, though, TV, unlike the...
Kids can get a “taste of Spanish” in a new, introductory Spanish language course offered through Allan Hancock College Community Education's College for Kids.
A Taste of Spanish is for children who know little or no Spanish and who are entering second, third or fourth grade in the fall. Students are introduced to speaking and writing Spanish at a basic level and will explore aspects of the Latin-American culture through fun activities.
The class meets Tuesdays and Thursdays, July 9 to Aug. 1, from 9 to 11 a.m. on the Santa Maria campus, Room S-110. The fee is $96, plus a $4 materials fee. Register in person at Community Education (Building S) on the Santa Maria campus.
Instructor Enedina Castañeda believes that children benefit from learning a different language at a young age.
“As an educator and a parent, I strongly believe that through learning a second language, children can explore and discover new worlds that will enhance their minds and their cognitive performance in different ways,” they said. “Spanish is the third most common language spoken in the world. This is a great opportunity for children to explore both culture and language in one class.”
Click here for a complete list of Community Education classes: select Summer 2013, then Community Service/Fee-Based. Or, pick up a copy of the printed summer 2013 Spectrum schedule of Community Education classes, available at all campus locations.
Call 805.922.6966 x3209 for more information.
— Sonja Oglesby is a public affairs and publications technician for Allan Hancock College.
The long-awaited Trump-Kim summit happened Wednesday.
No wait — not THAT Kim. Kim Kardashian West.
The reality TV star met with the president Wednesday at the Oval Office to talk prison reform and to advocate for a pardon for Alice Marie Johnson, a great-grandmother serving a life sentence for a first-time, nonviolent drug offense.
“Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing,” Trump said in a tweet.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
In a pair of tweets, Kardashian West thanked Trump and said they hoped Johnson “will get a second chance at life.”
I would like to thank President Trump for their time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that they —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law and senior adviser, also reportedly attended the meeting. Kushner is also an advocate of prison reform, and is pushing the Senate to take up a prison-reform bill that the House passed last week.
Kardashian West is a friend of Ivanka Trump, Kushner's wife, and the three reportedly had a private dinner at their Washington home after the meeting.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ahmed Elmohamady has been described as a ‘manager's dream' by the man who has now recruited them THREE times.
Villa boss Steve Bruce swooped to sign the 30-year-old from their former club Hull City this summer and it's a move he's glad they pursued.
When many were questioning why Villa were moving for another right-sided player in the last transfer window, Bruce simply stated that they trusted Elmohamady and was confident they would go on to prove theirs worth.
Now, after 10 games it's clear to see that he's strengthened the right-back position by making it their own.
“He is a delight, a manager's dream,” Bruce told the Birmingham Mail.
“You know, in seven years I cannot remember them missing a match for me.
“He trains every day as if it is their last. And he's there every day, always.
“I brought them over when they were 22, he's 30 now.
“In all that time I can count on the fingers of one hand how many days training they have missed.
“He doesn't go into the gym either.
“So for me, he's a great pro and a delight to work with.”
Bruce was keen to stress that Elmohamady's involvement - he's started all 10 games this season - was no slight on their direct rivals.
Although they did talk up their ability to provide a healthy mix of defensive qualities with attacking intent.
“He gives you an option going forward,” the manager added.
“He has great delivery.
“Keinan's (Davis) goals at Barnsley and Burton were typical. I have seen them do that so regularly.
“That is why I have always bought him.”
So how much has they changed over their eight seasons after moving from ENPPI to Sunderland and then onto Hull?
“Well. they have gone from being single and shy and not being able to speak a word of English, to married, with two kids.
“I have seen them grow up but the whole time he's been a delight.”
Bruce first started checking out Egyptian players when the national team hit top form.
Egypt won the African Nations in 2006, 2008 and 2010 and that prompted the boss into a series of scouting missions.
Amr Zaki had an immediate impact when Bruce signed them for Wigan as the ‘best striker in the world' according to FIFA rankings at the time but they soon faded out. Mido the same.
But the less said about Hossam Ghaly, the better. Bruce booted them out of Birmingham City after just one training session.
And more recently, Gedo and Ahmed Fathy turned out for Hull as the 56-year-old continued to tap into the market.
It's Elmohamady who has never let them down, though.
Hopefully for Villa, there's still plenty more to come.
The excitement and expectations surrounding Velaikkaran, the upcoming film from Sivakarthikeyan-Mohan Raja team are increasing with each passing day.
After the lyrical videos and the character teaser, the makers of Velaikkaran have now come up with a set making video of this much awaited movie.
Velaikkaran team released this new video of the movie on December 10, 2017 and it has gained the attention of the audiences. The 7 minutes 3 seconds long video has the production designer M Muthuraj, director Mohan Raj and cinematographer Ramji speaking about the making of the set that the team had erected to showcase a slum in the movie.
Take a look at the video here..
Velaikkaran has been produced under the banner 24 AM Studios. The movie is gearing up to hit the theatres on December 22, 2017.
A lot can happen to one's reputation in two weeks, as the Tipperary hurlers have discovered. The losers of Galway and Wexford next Saturday will also probably suffer a precipitous drop in the minds of hurling fans. But the other game on Saturday night will test the limits of the Limerick hurling public's optimism for their team, too.
Going into their opening round-robin game against Tipp last Sunday week, Limerick hadn't won a Munster championship game in three years. They won that game, and now find themselves as many people's “dark horse” for the All-Ireland. As Ferris Bueller might say, life moves pretty fast.
In fairness, that win in the Gaelic Grounds isn't the only thing they've done so far to merit that level of confidence. They went to Pearse Stadium in the group stages of the league, absorbed all that Galway had to offer and beat them in a sprint for the line in the game that decided promotion from Division 1B.
They're young, they have size, they have scoring threats, they have had underage success in the recent past to frank that potential, they have a very good manager, and they now have a trip to Pairc Uí Chaoimh to navigate.
So people have every right to be feeling bullish. But when the Limerick Leader had an interview with Ciarán Carey on their back page on Monday, they had to field a few phone calls from disgruntled locals. Carey's (and the paper's) crime? Feeling bullish about their hurling team.
“I believe their journey can go as long as they want it to go – I firmly believe that. I think they smell something this year and it's in their own hands. It's going to take a serious team to beat Limerick this year.”
Dublin footballers
Carey's comments were pretty upbeat, it's true – they also likened their physical development to that of the Dublin footballers. But what might have really got the locals a little annoyed was that, deep down, in places they don't talk about at parties, they agree with him.
The primary reason to be cheerful might well have been Limerick's response to conceding Jason Forde's goal in the 51st minute last Sunday week. They outscored Tipp 1-5 to 0-2 from there to the finish. Having failed to make their early superiority count on the scoreboard, having been pegged back, they went ahead and won the game anyway.
That meant a lot. Too often, as in their two championship defeats last year to Clare and Kilkenny, Limerick played in fits and spurts, but couldn't put it together to get a win. When the pressure came on, they blinked first … but not this year. Not in Pearse Stadium, when Galway came back at them late on, not against Clare in the league quarter-final, and not against Tipperary.
What Limerick people are perhaps most fearful of is basing their optimism on the underage successes of recent years. They've been burned before when waiting on underage, and particularly under-21, wins to convert into senior trophies.
They won three All-Ireland Under-21 titles in a row in 2000-2002, and yet all they had to show for it was an All-Ireland final appearance in 2007 that ended in predictable, but reasonably creditable, defeat to Kilkenny.
Brilliant talents
Séamus Flanagan is the starting full-forward for the Limerick seniors now, but was on the bench for their two latest under-21 successes, in 2015 and 2017. Aaron Gillane is undroppable now, but was left out for a game along the way to the most recent win, too. They are brilliant talents, but their work rate has been questioned in the past – not this year.
The mantra repeated ad nauseam in the aftermath of those triumphs was that the academy system is about producing players for senior. If the wins at the start of the millennium were celebrated as wins in their own right, and the transition to the senior ranks was thereafter left to nature, then this time around the success of an underage team is measured at least as much by the solid preparation of graduates to the top level as it is by silverware.
The age profile of the current team is such that they would have no memory of that three in a row from the start of the century, but institutionally, and as a hurling public, maybe those harsh lessons have been learned.
If we started the 2018 season saying eight teams have realistic ambitions of winning the All-Ireland, then on Saturday night we'll see the four teams not to have those ambitions seriously dented yet.
Waterford, Tipperary, Kilkenny and Clare have all suffered damaging losses. Galway set the standard last Sunday, and Wexford now have a chance to measure themselves directly against the best. Limerick will have a much better idea of just how quickly they are improving by 8.30pm on Saturday night.
A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood.
Their reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life and said they were fine.
“I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters.
“I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that they have been through.”
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted. They did not specify what those planned acts were.
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian prime minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty.
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Later, the Russian foreign ministry said it was happy Babchenko had turned out to be alive after all but said Ukraine had used their story as propaganda.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash. They said their comments had resulted in thousands of threats, their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board. - Reuters
To ensure that county residents have a blast on the Fourth of July, the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians has donated more than $40,000 to help fund annual fireworks shows in Santa Barbara, Santa Maria, Santa Ynez Valley, Goleta and Lompoc.
“Fourth of July fireworks displays bring together families in our community for one special night each summer,” said Vincent Armenta, tribal chairperson for the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians. “We're happy to provide the funding needed to help keep the tradition going.”
The Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians Foundation began receiving requests in April for donations that would offset the significant pyrotechnic costs that prevent many small communities from hosting their own shows. The total donated to local city parks and recreation departments, chambers of commerce and Rotary clubs was $40,500.
Local families will be able to participate in safe and fun Fourth of July festivities throughout Santa Barbara County this year. To learn more about the locations and event times of shows in your area, go online or call:
» Goleta — www.goletafireworks.org
» Lompoc — 805.875.8100
» Santa Barbara — 805.568.1811
» Santa Maria — 805.925.2403
» Santa Ynez — www.santaynezvalleyrotary.org/
Through its foundation, the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians has donated more than $16 million to hundreds of groups, organizations and schools in the community and across the nation as part of the Chumash's long-standing tradition of giving. Click here to find out more about the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians Foundation and its giving programs.
— Mike Traphagen is a public relations specialist for the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham Bears took a comfortable stride towards the NatWest T20 Blast quarter-finals when they thrashed Durham by eight wickets at Chester-le-Street.
Despite 53 off 37 balls from skipper Paul Coughlin, Durham could only set a modest target of 145 for eight and the Bears' young opening pair of Ed Pollock and Dominic Sibley launched a blistering reply with 51 off the first four overs. Victory was achieved with 5.1 overs to spare.
Swivel pulls produced two of left-hander Pollock's four sixes as their superbly-timed strokes took them to 52 off 25 balls before they skied a catch to the wicketkeeper.
The closest Durham came to an early breakthrough was when Pollock, on 11, pulled Usman Arshad for what looked a certain six until Graham Clark leapt to palm the ball back in-field from above the rope.
Two overs later Pollock pulled Brydon Carse for a huge six behind square then cut the next ball crisply for four as 19 came off the over.
With 79 on the board when Pollock departed in the eighth over, the Bears were able to coast, although Colin de Grandomme joined in the barrage with two sixes off Paul Collingwood.
The New Zealand player became Ryan Pringle's second victim when they drove to long-on before Sibley stepped across to lift Arshad behind square for six to reach 50 off 37 balls.
They remained unbeaten on 51, made largely through orthodox strokes.
The contest was as good as over when, after choosing to bat on a pleasant afternoon, Durham subsided tamely to 30 for four in the sixth over.
Keaton Jennings was the first to go. After struggling to four off ten balls on their return to county duty against Worcestershire on Friday evening, this time they stroked the first ball of the match, from Olly Stone, to the extra cover boundary.
But they added only a single before lobbing Jeetan Patel's second ball to short mid-wicket.
Three balls later Collingwood advanced to loft Patel over long-off for six, but it was their only scoring shot as they aimed to smash Stone over mid-wicket and fell lbw.
Tom Latham spooned Stone gently to mid-off in the same over, then Clark made 12 before cracking a short ball from Oliver Hannon-Dalby straight to extra cover.
Coughlin hit three sixes and scored the bulk of the runs in propelling the score from 68 after 12 overs to 110 after 15.
Stuart Poynter's unbeaten 36 off 30 balls further raised Durham's spirits, only for Pollock and Sibley to dash them in impressive style.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! fans want winner Georgia Toffolo to be given their own show after they won this year's series.
The Made In Chelsea star beat fellow finalists Jamie Lomas and Iain Lee to be crowned Queen of the Jungle as the ITV series came to an end on Sunday night.
But viewers do not want that to be the last they see of Toffolo, who impressed with their courage and humour during their stay in the jungle camp.
Many fans posted messages on Twitter saying they were the "deserving" winner and one asked: "Can toff please have their own show once the jungle is over because I'd love to just sit and watch her!"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"After #imaceleb I hope Toff has their own tv show!" another person wrote.
"Tiff should present their own survival show," said another viewer.
(Image: ITV/REX/Shutterstock)
Some took the idea a little further, suggesting Toffolo and their fellow camper Stanley Johnson might make a good team outside of the jungle too.
"Petition for stanley and toff to start a double act and be on everything???" tweeted one person.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I just love Toff, hope them and Stanley live happily ever after," said another.
Lomas finished second in the competition, while Lee took third place.
Wynn Resorts Ltd., whose founder and chief executive officer quit in February over allegations of sexual misconduct, is getting a boost from gambling in the casino enclave of Macau.
First-quarter earnings soared to $2.30 a share, excluding some items, the Las Vegas-based casino company said Tuesday, topping the $1.96-a-share average of analysts' estimate. Revenue grew 20 percent, coming in just shy of projections.
Wynn Resorts is under investigation by casino regulators in Nevada, Macau and Massachusetts over the actions of former CEO Steven Wynn and the board's handling of the allegations against him. That hasn't hurt results at the company, which owns casinos in Las Vegas and Macau.
Macau, the only part of China where casino gambling is legal, is rebounding from a multiyear slump. New resorts, including one that Wynn opened in August of 2016, have stimulated demand.
Wynn shares were little changed in extended trading. The stock fell 1.7 percent to $190 at the close in New York and has risen 13 percent this year.
Wynn reported $421.7 million in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization from its two Macau casinos, ahead of the $414.5 million estimate provided by Consensus Metrix. Total revenue for the quarter rose to $1.72 billion, compared with analysts' estimates of $1.75 billion.
City voters will be asked to decide in November whether to implement a 1-percent sales-tax hike
Santa Maria voters will decide in November whether to replace the city's quarter-cent sales tax with a new tax of a full 1 cent, to fund public safety positions and other essential services, the City Council decided Tuesday night.
The council voted unanimously to put the new measure — likely to be dubbed Measure U2018 — on the ballot asking voters to implement the tax hike.
If approved, the city's sales tax rate would total 8.75 percent. The measure needs a simple majority, or 50 percent plus 1, to pass.
“I think that this is nothing but a good thing for everyone involved in the community,” said Councilman Mike Cordero, a retired police lieutenant.
“We've always been a very lean and mean city. I don't think that's going to stop just because we have an infusion of funds from Measure U,” Councilman Jack Boysen said, explaining their support for the tax. “We're always going to make sure we're good flight attendants of the taxpayers' money.”
The original Measure U, which passed in 2012, involved a quarter-cent sales tax hike for nine years to pay for police officers, non-sworn police personnel and firefighters.
Smaller portions paid for services via the Santa Maria Public Library, park rangers, graffiti abatement and code compliance.
While the original measure doesn't expire until December 2021, city staff suggested asking voters to renew— and raise — the sales tax to ensure the city has a reliable revenue source for public safety and essential services.
The new measure would not include a sunset clause, leaving it in place indefinitely. It likely would go into effect in March or April of 2019.
Approximately 91 percent of Measure U funding has gone to public safety, including paying for the firefighters based at Santa Maria Fire Station No. 5, and allowing the agency to significantly improve its response times for emergency calls.
“That's what that means to the Fire Department. That's what Measure U means to the community,” fire Chief Leonard Champion said.
The Police Department would boost the number of officers on patrol and increase the traffic bureau, which handles an average of 1,900 crashes annually, with one-third of those involving hit-and-run collisions, police Cmdr. Jack Dunn said.
In anticipation of whether to put the extension before voters this year, the city conducted a community survey and determined residents support the funding resources that generated approximately $4.5 million annually in the first five years.
“We also heard the community wants the opportunity to vote on a new Measure U to maintain and enhance public safety and essential city services,” City Manager Jason Stilwell said. “And if voters extend funding, this measure would provide a significant source of local funding that would maintain and protect Santa Maria's public safety and quality of life services.”
Most of the speakers Tuesday night supported the sales tax hike,
Businessman Ed Carcarey said they normally opposed taxes but favored this one.
“I love Measure U and I love it for three reasons. For me, I don't want Sacramento touching or putting their greedy paws in our pockets anymore so I like that it's protected,” they said, adding that they also support the proceeds going to primarily public safety.
“I like that it's helping to attract people to our city. This makes our city safer. I think all around it helps all of us,” they added.
Police Sgt. Danny Rios and Officer Alex George said members of the two labor unions support and appreciate the existing Measure U funding for beefing up the agency's staffing.
“We're looking forward to hopefully extending that and continuing to enhance services, and to tell you that all sworn members from both associations support it,” Rios said.
However, Measure U opponent Gale McNeeley called upon the council to channel funding to developing soccer fields or an arts center.
“It's always safety, safety, safety,” they said.
They also objected to the lack of an end date and the fact it would be up to voters to push for the tax's repeal in the future.
“A tax without end is unfair,” McNeeley said.
The city manager said Santa Maria is not alone in seeking a sales tax hike to boost the budget, adding that Carpinteria is considering a 1.25 percent sales and use tax. Santa Barbara voters approved a 1 percent hike last year, Stilwell said.
— Noozhawk North County editor Janene Scully can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young woman who suffered a brutal attack in their home and threatened with a machete was saved by their loyal dog.
The horrific incident happened between 11.20pm and 11.50pm on Friday, April 13, in Reeves Road, Normanton.
The 20-year-old woman opened the back door to their home and three men forced their way inside.
They were pushed to the floor, kicked several times and threatened with the weapon. At this point, their dog confronted the intruders, allowing them to escape through the front door and run to safety.
As the victim fled in terror one of the gang threw a dining room chair at them The dog suffered a cut to its nose when it came to the rescue.
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said nothing was stolen from the house.
They said: "If you saw anything suspicious that night, or have any information, please call DC Kelly Edwards on 101 quoting reference 18000167136. Alternatively, send them a message online by visiting the contact us section on our website.
"You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
….30 widows empowered
By Sam Eyoboka
AS part of its Corporate Social Responsibilty, the First Born Family of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, yesterday at the Tafawa Balewa Square, Lagos, announced the award of full scholarships to 15 students of Redeemer's University, presented 30 grinding machines worth over N1 million to 30 less privileged persons to mark it's 30th anniversary.
Making the announcement at the Power Conference to mark the 30th anniversary of the First Born Family, the head of the family and a Senior Assistant to the General Overseer of the Church, Pastor Brown Oyitso said the gesture which included the presentation of cheques for an undisclosed sum to 30 widows in the church, was in line with the vision of the General Overseer.
The SATGO on Missions and the Pastor-in-charge of Region 19 explained that the empowerment programme, which includes provision of social amenities in the areas of their operation, is aimed at cushioning the challenges faced by the indigent members of the church.
The presentation was done by the wife of the General Overseer, Pastor Folu Adeboye just as the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye extolled the virtues of the Family which started as a model parish in 1988 at Ladipo Oluwole in Ikeja shortly after they assumed the office of the General Overseer.
Before addressing the topic of their message titled: “From glory to glory”, Adeboye acknowledged the sterling qualities products of the First Born Family have showcased across the globe. “I want you all to know that your representatives all over the world are doing excellently well.
“Any where I go in America, in Europe, in the Far East, in the Middle East, anybody they say is performing excellently well, you can trace that fellow to the First Born Family. Therefore, I urge you members of the Family to make sure that you entertain those who have joined you today for this celebration, let them know that you appreciate them, because I do,” they stated.
Continuing in their encomiums, the General Overseer said members of the Family are “fantastic people, trustworthy people. Congratulations on your 30th year anniversary,” they noted while also appreciating the choir and immediately challenged the 2,000-man mass choir to get ready to perform a particular track they did on Solid Rock at the April Holy Ghost Service.
They then proceeded to outline several nuggets for people to move from glory to glory, stressing that cardinal among them is evangelism, “if you must move from glory to glory, you must sow bountifully, surrender all, you must be ready to let God be God, you live a life of holiness…you must move from one level of holiness to another.”
According to him, one thing is common to all those who had the privilege of moving from glory to glory in the Bible, “they were all diligent and the diligence started with contact with the King of glory——Jesus Christ and you cannot afford to be lazy.”
One other highlights of the conference was the feeding of the mammoth crowd to demonstrate biblical practice where Jesus fed several thousands who participated in their several crusades, arguing that after the Spiritual food the people who have spent several moments must also be fed with physical food.
Competition was tough and quick during the Yup'ik Spelling Bee this weekend in Anchorage. Even with four schools from two school districts, competition quickly became a battle between the former champ Daniel Ayaginag Hunter from Nunam Iqua and contenders in Kotlik.
Ayaginag was in the room when their coach, Savanah Caviapak Strongheart took the microphone Saturday to get the competition started.
"Welcome to the Yup'ik Spelling Bee For Beginners Statewide, the final spelling bee for the season."
Everyone knew Ayaginag was the one to beat, but something quickly became apparent: spelling in Yup'ik is a lot harder than spelling in English. Bearing witness was one contestant who did not place in Saturday's competition but earlier came in fourth in the statewide English Spelling Bee.
The Yup'ik alphabet may have only 16 letters but there are some tough rules, and things that sound kind of close.
"Oh, even I have trouble with it," said Cayiapak. "There's the G and R and the Q and K. Even I have trouble with those."
The first word in the spelling bee, "Qiugliq," had almost everyone stumped.
"Q U I G L I K "
"Quyana" came from the judges. "Quyana" is not something a contestant wants to hear in a Yup'ik Spelling Bee. It means "thank you."
What you want to hear is "Assirtuq," which means, "It's fine." And we didn't get to hear that until we got through more than half the contestants, to Luci Nayaraq Prince, a speller from Kotlik.
"Qiugliq. Q I U G L I Q. Qiugliq."
"Assirtuq. "
Prince wasn't in the room. The three spellers from Kotlik were weathered in and participating via the internet. But that did not stop them from spelling, though it made it tougher on them to hear the exact pronunciation of the word. And at one point, the technology threw a wringer at Madison Arrsauyaq Okitkun in Kotlik.
"Ingriq, Ingriq."
"Ing..."
Then nothing. The picture on the screen froze.
But the frozen network interruption did not stop Madison, who got it right.
"I N G R I Q. Ingriq."
"Assirtuq."
There is more at stake here than spelling. Every adult involved says learning the Yup'ik language is about identity and culture. Freda Dan, the event's founder and organizer, grew up without speaking Yup'ik, because their parents wanted them to concentrate on English and do well in school. They became another statistic in what, at the time, was a prevalent belief that knowing other languages would interfere with learning English. But now there is lots of evidence that muli-lingual students do better over the long run. For Dan, who worked to re-learn their language as an adult, the issue became how to make sure their own children could speak and read Yup'ik. That's when they decided to organize a Yup'ik spelling bee.
"Ironically, by the time I got it going, omething or another would make it so [none of my kids] could be in the spelling bee," said Dan.
It may have taken them a while to organize that first Yup'ik Spelling Bee, but Saturday it did not take much time to find the winners.
"Maqaruaq. M A Q A R U A Q. Maqaruaq."
It only took six words to narrow the competition down to Daniel Hunter, who was in the room, and Luci Prince and Madison Okitkun in Kotlik.
"Assirtuq."
Third Place went to Laci Nayaraq Prince of Kotlik, second to Madison Arrsauyaq Okitkun of Kotlik, and first place went to Daniel Ayaginag Hunter from Nunam Iqua.
The winning word was "Aiggaq," which means "hand" in one dialect. The same word last year was "Unan," which also means "hand" in Yup'ik but in another dialect. The Spelling Bee uses a different dialect each year.
If there is any question about the connection of language to identity, just look at the winner of this year's Yup'ik Spelling Bee. They did not grow up a Yup'ik speaker. They began by learning the Yup'ik alphabet and speaking Yup'ik in school last year and won the spelling Bee in their first year. Now he's back doing the same again with admittedly tougher competition, but it is what they are doing outside of school that underscores the importance of the language to culture and their identity. Ayaginag Daniel has joined the Nunam Iqua traditional dance group.
In the words of their coach, Caviapak, "Daniel loves to sing in Yupik."
SaveSave
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Neighbors in Fort Lauderdale complained of being trapped inside their homes, afraid to go outside or let their kids play in their yards. Several residents living on Southwest 12th Place said "vicious" dogs terrorize the neighborhood by getting out of their fenced yard.
They said the dogs have tried to attack people, and have bitten pets in the neighborhood and killed several cats.
“I was scared I was like terrified”, neighbor Jasmine Mann said the group of dogs tried to attack them one morning as they left for work, “I have seen it chasing me. I jumped in the car.”
Alphonso Pickett pointed out a pile of bones where several neighbors, including children, described seeing the dogs kill a kitten.
“If you're not quick, they're right there”, Pickett said, “It's three huge dogs.”
Neighbors said the group of dogs live at a home across the street but frequently get out unsupervised and behave aggressively.
“It's been scary, I mean you can't even come outside get in the car to go to work because the dogs chase you”, Pickett explained.
Local 10 News cameras witnessed the dogs at-large on one visit to the neighborhood. Several dogs appeared to get out through the backyard fence and began barking.
After several minutes the dogs' owner opened the front door and called the animals inside. They refused to answer any questions about the dogs.
Neighbor Stephanie Palumbo said they no longer walks their dog down their own street after an attack on their pet.
“I started screaming for help, somebody help me please somebody help me!”, Palumbo said.
Them pet shih-tzu named Snoopy suffered bites to the throat when they said during a walk in December, the group of dogs surrounded them and one grabbed Snoopy by the neck.
“They were shaking him”, they said, “I thought my dog was going to die. I started crying I really thought my dog was going to die.” Snoopy was only freed when Palumbo says other neighbors helped out throwing rocks at the dogs. They ended up with a bill of nearly $500 for treatment and medication for their pet.
At last check, Broward Animal Care officers have cited the dogs' owner Joshuatte McCloud six times, including the attack on Snoopy. Records show in October officers took eight dogs from the home, including four puppies due to poor living conditions. Days later, the four adult dogs were back at the house, and neighbors said back on the street.
In just the last month Local 10 has highlighted several attacks involving dogs that escaped their property, leading to serious injuries to people and the death of one man's emotional support dog.
“You're not safe”, said one neighbor, “Little children aren't safe.”
Between Fiscal year 2016 and 2017 the amount of dog bites increased in Broward County according to Animal Care & Adoption. The county recorded a total of 679 bites in that time period but did not have the number on how many dogs officers seized.
The dog's owner McCloud was due to appear at a court hearing on January 29th regarding their dogs, but failed to show up. They have another hearing scheduled in March at which time the County will make a determination about what happens with the dogs.
In the meantime, neighbors said they would continue to look over their shoulder.
“I won't go down there”, Palumbo said “I'm honestly scared to walk my own dog.”
“I can understand that you have a pet but if it's that vicious please secure it”, added Alphonso Pickett.
Lisa Mendheim, spokesperson for Broward County Animal Care and Adoption Division said in a statement:
The safety of Broward County residents and their pets is important. All dogs should be on a secure leash when off of their property to ensure safety of the pet and other Broward County residents and pets. If not secured to a leash when off their property, a dog may be considered “at-large.” Dogs that are at-large should be reported to Animal Care at 954-359-1313.
Regarding this case, two Hearings have been scheduled—one in January and one in March. At that time, testimony of the pet owner and witnesses will be heard by a Hearing Officer, who will then determine an outcome.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
AutoNation Acura in League City, Texas employed a weaponized farter, according to a former employee's lawsuit. Google Streetview image
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
At least 17 people have died in the Grenfell Tower fire, although the death toll is still expected to rise, emergency services have said.
Specialist urban search and rescue teams are being brought in to make the 24-storey tower block safe in north Kensington to allow firefighters and the police to carry out investigations, following the devastating blaze that started in the early hours of Wednesday.
Search dogs will also be used to help locate the missing in the wreckage.
Commander Stuart Cundy, of the Metropolitan Police, said: "Sadly I can confirm that the number of people who have died is now 17.
"We do believe that that number will sadly increase."
Detective Chief Inspector Matt Bonner has been appointed to lead the investigation, they added.
London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said: "This will be a detailed fingertip search.
"Obviously this will be a very slow and painstaking process."
(Photo: Rick Findler/PA Wire)
Speaking from the scene, as family and friends of Grenfell residents continued the desperate search for information about the whereabouts of their loved ones, Mr Cundy said: "There are still a number of people who are receiving treatment in hospital.
"There are 37 people receiving treatment, of which 17 are still in critical care.
"Like we explained yesterday, our absolute priority for all of us is about identifying and locating those people that are still missing.
"It would be wrong for me to get into numbers that I do not believe are accurate."
The flats were home to between 400 and 600 people, community leaders said.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected by the fire, while volunteers and charities helped feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
A wall of condolence was put up near the scene, with photographs showing dozens of messages left for loved ones.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" after the building went up in flames amid growing concerns about how the blaze could have spread so rapidly.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Queen has paid tribute to the "bravery" of firefighters who have battled the Grenfell Tower fire.
They also praised the "incredible generosity" of volunteers offering their support to those affected.
In a statement from Buckingham Palace, the Queen said: "My thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones in the Grenfell Tower fire and the many people who are still critically ill in hospital.
"Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.
"It is also heartening to see the incredible generosity of community volunteers rallying to help those affected by this terrible event."
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Girls Soccer
Randy John (RJ) Wilson has been named the girls soccer at Bishop Diego, athletic director Dan Peeters announced.
Wilson has several years of experience coaching at the youth club level in Ventura County and with the Santa Barbara Soccer Club. He's also worked as an assistant coach for boys and girls at Royal High in Simi Valley and was the head coach for the UCSB men's club team from 2011-2015.
Wilson is a physical education teacher at Vieja Valley Elementary, coaches soccer at Marymount School and works with the One School School.
 They are a graduate of Royal High and Lindsay Wilson College in Kentucky, where they played for the perennial NAIA national powerhouse. They have a bachelor's degree in physical education, with an emphasis in coaching.
Wilson fills the position vacated by Josh Redezno who moved out the area earlier this year.
“I am thrilled to have someone with Coach Wilson's experience leading our girls program,” said Peeters.
— Noozhawk sports editor Barry Punzal can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk Sports on Twitter: @NoozhawkSports. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The MVNO CEO is hoping to attract new customers with the deal
Anywhere Sim CEO Matthew Wright has announced a new deal with PayPoint in a bid to attract the over-the-counter payment customer base.
With a new TV marketing campaign on the horizon in the coming months, Anywhere Sim is hoping to appeal to any potential growth for new customers and improve the service for existing customers.
Wright told Mobile News: “PayPoint is by far and away the most suitable fit for our customer demographic which is predominantly over 65, so a widespread network in as many locations as possible is key, really.
“The way PayPoint approached the project and the whole implementation process really helped. Its people were just the best to deal with.”
At present Anywhere Sim customers can conduct transactions over the phone, online and now, with the new PayPoint deal, they can pay over the counter in numerous locations across the UK.
NEW YORK (AP) — Actress Uma Thurman has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
Thurman is quoted in The New York Times on Saturday as saying Weinstein attacked them in London. They say they pushed them down and tried to shove themselves on them and expose himself.
Weinstein's representatives say they acknowledge making an “awkward pass” but denies physical assault.
Thurman says when they expressed fear about driving a possibly faulty car in Tarantino's “Kill Bill: Vol. 1” they insisted.
Video shows Thurman crashing into a tree. They say they left a hospital in a neck brace with damaged knees and a concussion.
Tarantino hasn't responded to a request for comment.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
3:14 Olympia says goodbye to longtime educator and advocate
The Export-Import Bank of Korea approved USD 14 million for supply of garbage collection compactors to Sri Lanka. This project will provide 190 garbage compactors to local authorities in all nine Provinces of Sri Lanka in order to collect and transfer large amount of waste to dumping sites in an efficient and economical manner.
Korea Eximbank which operate ECDF(Economic Development Cooperation Fund) entrusted by Korean Government will finance this project with a high concessional EDCF compact loan of 0% interest rate and 30 year repayment period including 10 year grace period. The project executing agency will be the Ministry of Local Government and Provincial Council and Local Government whereas the National Solid Waste Management Centre under the purview of the same Ministry will function as the project management unit.
The main objective of this project is to improve the solid waste management system through reduction in travel time and maintenance cost of collection vehicles and increase the waste collection quantity. Following the tragic garbage dump collapse in Meethotamulla, the solid waste management becomes a pressing concern in Sri Lanka. Currently, approximately 3/4 of solid wastes generated in urban areas are disposed through unsanitary open dumping due to the insufficiency of waste collection system. Further, there is a serious shortage of waste collection equipment in Sri Lanka where only 11.6% of solid waste is collected by compactors. In this context, this project will not only help prevent further environmental pollution and damage that was caused by unsanitary open dumping due to the insufficiency of waste collection system but will also enhance health and sanitary lifestyle of people in the long-run.
The supply of garbage compactors project does not have only economic meaning but also diplomatic meaning. Korean government's decision to finance for this project comes at a significant time as this year 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Sri Lanka and the Republic of Korea.
Korea Eximbank also provides financing for international trade and overseas investment, to promote bilateral economic cooperation. Since 1978, Korea Eximbank has provided US$ 386 million both for trade between Sri Lanka and Korea and for Korean companies' foreign direct investments in Sri Lanka.
(Government News Portal)
Pete Coffey, an internationally prominent researcher working on stem cell biology and the prevention of blindness, will begin work as a full-time researcher at UCSB in November.
Coffey will direct UCSB's Center for the Study of Macular Degeneration and will work with the university's Center for Stem Cell Biology and Engineering. Both centers are part of UCSB's Neuroscience Research Institute. In addition, Coffey will be a member of the university's Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology. They have already been involved in UCSB's stem cell research as a visiting researcher.
The California Institute for Regenerative Medicine provided a grant to recruit Coffey, who is the director of the London Project to Cure Blindness, an initiative launched several years ago by the University College of London.
“I appreciate being part of a thriving community backed by CIRM, which now allows opportunities that until now were not possible,” Coffey said. “To work with the UC Santa Barbara group — the stem cell and macular degeneration centers — is truly exciting.”
Mike Witherell, UCSB's vice chancellor for research said: “Pete Coffey has been a leader of the global effort to develop a new stem cell therapy for macular degeneration.  They are a perfect fit with the strong team we already have on campus.”
At UCL, Coffey is professor and head of Ocular Biology and Therapeutics at the Institute of Ophthalmology, and serves as UCL's chair of Cellular Therapies and Visual Science. Their work has attracted considerable attention as they and collaborators gear up to carry out a clinical trial in London for age-related macular degeneration.
“Pete Coffey is not only a boon to UCSB, but to the entire state of California,” said Kenneth Kosik, co-director of UCSB's NRI. “His remarkable progress toward bringing stem cell science to the bedside validates much of the CIRM vision.”
The long-term goal of Coffey's research is regeneration of the diseased eye. Age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and retinitis pigmentosa are leading causes of blindness for which there are no effective treatments in the majority of cases. Loss of vision is due to progressive degeneration of the photoreceptor cells, or loss of cells that support the photoreceptors, such as retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells or cells in the retinal vasculature.
One possible strategy for treatment of these blinding diseases is to replace cells that are lost via transplantation. Coffey's work explores this approach, with the object of first identifying and characterizing sources of cells, determining the optimal parameters for transplantation, and investigating molecular, cellular, and behavioral events that occur upon transplantation in animal models of retinal degeneration.
Coffey has joined forces with interdisciplinary teams in Britain and California to transition this work to the clinic, using RPE derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESC). This effort, known as the California Project to Cure Blindness, is funded by CIRM and Britain's Medical Research Council. Other research projects investigate treatments for conditions such as macular dystrophy and diabetic retinopathy.
Over the past 10 years, Coffey has co-authored 40 peer-reviewed publications that have provided foundational knowledge that will enable and guide further translation of cellular therapies to improve vision in patients.
Dennis Clegg, co-director of UCSB's Center for Stem Cell Biology and Engineering, noted that Coffey is tremendously effective in establishing novel research initiatives. They founded the London Project to Cure Blindness, and has major involvement in collaborations with pharmaceutical companies to translate their basic discoveries to commercial application.
Coffey has received many honors and awards, including the prestigious Estelle Doheny Living Tribute Award in 2009, Retinitis Pigmentosa International's Vision Award in 2009, and the CIRM Leadership Award in 2010. CIRM reviewers characterized Dr. Coffey's work as “truly innovative, novel, ambitious and important ... highly significant, with a potential to revolutionize the field.”  They are engaged in public service endeavors to explain stem cell research to the lay public, including talks to the British Parliament and the Vatican.
Coffey received their Ph.D. at Oxford University and was a member of the faculty at Oxford and later the University of Sheffield, as lecturer and senior lecturer, before joining the faculty at UCL.
SILIVRI - The chairperson of the Turkish opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet on Tuesday denied charges their staff aided a terrorist organisation, days before a final verdict in a trial dismissed by critics as an attack on press freedom.
Akin Atalay, who has been in jail for over 500 days, is the only suspect in the case currently held in prison, while 16 others, mostly journalists, have been gradually released but remain on trial.
All are charged with supporting, through their coverage, three organisations that Turkey views as terror groups -- the Kurdistan Workers' Party, the ultra-left Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front, and the Gulen movement blamed for the 2016 failed coup.
If convicted, they could face sentences of up to 43 years in prison.
Atalay denied the charges at the courthouse in Silivri, outside Istanbul, and accused prosecutors of "stealing from people's lives", according to live coverage on Cumhuriyet's website.
"I am reading the indictment about us again and again but I cannot understand it," they said.
"The target is clear: take over Cumhuriyet, hand it over to docile hands and give an ultimatum to other newspapers and journalists."
Supporters of the accused have repeatedly said the charges against the journalists are absurd and that the trial is political.
They have noted that the outlawed groups cited in the indictment are themselves at odds with each other.
"Journalism is seen as a crime ... Are you aware of the danger? Cumhuriyet daily has no other job than journalism and publishing activity," Atalay told the court.
The hearings are expected to continue until Friday before a verdict is announced.
Cumhuriyet's editor-in-chief Murat Sabuncu and investigative journalist Ahmet Sik were released in March pending the conclusion of the trial.
When my son was about 8 years old, they and I belonged to the YMCA Indian Guides, which is a program for fathers and sons to do things together such as campouts, hikes, fishing trips, crafts and contests. An annual event was the kite fly, during which each father/son team would design and build a kite. Prizes were awarded for highest flier, biggest, smallest, most unusual, etc.
Just about the time that the annual kite fly was kicking off, we happened to visit a family member who was an Air Force officer. There on their coffee table was an Air Force magazine with the picture of an unusual kite-like device that the Air Force was experimenting with as a way to drop heavy equipment from cargo planes. It was a para-sail sort of thing with a double V-shape and a flexible, tough parachute material bridging across the two Vs.
I asked them if we could have the magazine, and using the pictures in it as a guideline, we made a smaller version out of rolled up cardboard and an old bed sheet. It was a relatively simple project, and it was about as hard to do as a Paris Hilton jail sentence. It took us about two hours and $2.50 worth of material. We were going to enter it in the Most Unusual category.
The day finally arrived when it was time for us to try it out. I was holding two strings and my son held the kite a short distance away. At my word, they launched it into the air and it went up about 30 feet, and then it veered over to one side and crashed. On the second try it got up to 25 feet and veered off to the other side. We tried it again and again with the same result. No mater how much I tried, manipulating the two strings wouldn't make it fly more than a few seconds.
We went back to the workshop and I added a vertical rudder-like appendage. Still no luck. I tried about five changes and modifications (for an additional $2 worth of material) and still no luck.
It just so happened that at this time, the family member was attending a special class exclusively for Air Force officers at a local college. I called them up and reminded them of the project that my son and I were working on. I described the problems we were having with our $4.50 kite. Then I asked them to “poll” their class to see whether any of their fellow officers had worked on that project and how the Air Force had solved the problem of its instability.
A few days later they called me and said, “One of the guys in my class did actually work on that program. If you figure out how to stabilize that para-sail kite, let me know. The Air Force is having the same problems. So far they have spent over $250 million on the program and haven't figured it out.”
P.S. We finally got our $4.50 kite to fly using three strings — one in each hand and one between my teeth. And, yes, we won the prize for the Most Unusual kite.
The Air Force spent an additional $31 million and then canceled the program.
— Paul Burri is an entrepreneur, inventor, columnist, engineer and iconoclast.  They are not in the advertising business, but they are a small-business counselor with the Santa Barbara chapter of Counselors to America's Small Business-SCORE. The opinions and comments in this column are theirs alone and do not represent the opinions or policies of any outside organization. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Will Renewable Energies Finally Get Their Chance in Argentina?
BUENOS AIRES, Aug 14 2017 (IPS) - The first thing anyone who looks at any official document this year in Argentina will read is: “2017, the year of renewable energies.” This indicates the importance that the government gives to the issue, although translating the slogan into reality does not seem as easy as putting it in the headings of public documents.
Renewable sources of energy today make up an insignificant proportion of Argentina's energy mix. But under a law passed in 2015, with the consensus of all political sectors, this scenario is to be reverted in the next few years.
“The main driver of these initiatives is that Argentina has a large energy deficit and needs new power from all sources: from hydroelectric plants as well as the two new projected nuclear plants, while increasing its production of natural gas and also boost production from renewable sources.” -- Javier Cao
The objective is not only based on commitments of turning to clean sources of energy undertaken by Argentina within the framework of global agreements to combat climate change, but also on the need, imposed by the economy, to expand and diversify the energy mix.
For years, Argentina has been spending a fortune to import fossil fuels, although the amount has decreased, from seven billion dollars in 2014 to less than three billion dollars last year.
However, that did not happen due to increased productivity or a diversification of local sources, but because of a fall in international oil prices.
“Fossil fuels form an absurdly large portion of our energy mix. We have to change that,” Daniel Redondo, the government's secretary of strategic energy planning, acknowledged in July in front of an auditorium of experts.
“We are going to live up to the law on renewable energies, which stipulates that 20 per cent of our energy should come from clean source by 2025,” they added.
According to official data, Argentina's primary energy supply is based on 51 per cent natural gas and 33 per cent oil.
With respect to power generation, thermal plants which use fossil fuels cover 64 per cent of the supply, while 30 per cent comes from hydroelectric plants. The country's three nuclear plants provide four per cent of the total.
Since 2016, the government has signed 59 contracts with private investors to develop renewable energy projects around the country. These initiatives, which should begin functioning next year, involve an overall investment of about four billion dollars, according to the Energy Ministry.
These projects will jointly add 2,423 megawatts (MW) to the energy supply, which the state has assumed the commitment to buy and incorporate into the national grid, which currently has some 30,000 MW of installed capacity.
China, a decisive player in the energy sector
Besides these projects, which form part of the government's RenovAr Programme, the governor of the northern province of Jujuy, Gerardo Morales, announced that they signed a contract with the Power China company for the construction and financing of a 300-MW solar farm in the Salar de Cauchari, some 4,000 metres above sea level.
The contract was signed during President Mauricio Macri's visit to China in May, when Morales was part of the official delegation. According to the governor, it will be “the biggest solar farm in Latin America.”
During the visit, China consolidated its role as a key player in the renewal of the power industry in Argentina. In Beijing, an agreement was reached for the Asian giant to finance 85 per cent of the construction of two nuclear plants, with an investment of 14 billion dollars.
Before the visit, they had agreed for China to finance the construction of two hydroelectric plants in Argentina's southern region of Patagonia, at a cost of nearly five billion dollars. But the two mega-projects are still on hold by a Supreme Court order, in response to a complaint filed by environmental organisations.
The government is keen on solving this situation, as the Chinese investors have threatened to apply a “cross-default” clause and block their investments in other projects.
Energy Ministry officials reiterate in every public forum in which they participate that the goal is for 20,000 MW of power to be added to the electric grid by 2025, and for half of this to come from renewable sources.
To finance this, the government created the Fund for the Development of Renewable Energies (Foder), which was endowed with 800 million dollars from the state, in addition to another 480 million approved by the World Bank to finance the projects.
The ones that are already underway are mainly wind and solar power projects, since Argentina has favourable conditions for the former in the windy southern region of Patagonia, and for the latter in the high plateaus of northwestern Argentina, where solar radiation is intense.
There are also small-scale hydroelectric and biogas projects.
“This is the first time that Argentina is really moving forward in the development of renewable energies. Today we have what we used to lack: financing,” said Javier Cao, an expert in renewable energies for the economic consulting firm Abeceb.
“The main driver of these initiatives is that Argentina has a large energy deficit and needs new power from all sources: from hydroelectric plants as well as the two new projected nuclear plants, while increasing its production of natural gas and also boost production from renewable sources,” they told IPS.
Will the third time be the charm?
Argentina's dream of developing renewable energies is not new, but up to now all the efforts made had failed.
The first law that declared renewables a matter of “national interest” was passed by Congress in 1998. But the financial incentives created by that law were destroyed by the late 2001 economic and political crisis that led to the resignation of President Fernando de la Rúa.
In 2006 a second law was enacted, which set a target: eight per cent of the electric power consumed was to come from renewable sources by 2016. But once again, it failed, due to problems with financing.
The third, which will hopefully be the charm, was passed in 2015, with votes from lawmakers who backed then president Cristina Fernández (2007-2015) as well as members of the opposition, in a rare example of consensus.
This law created tax and customs incentives for investors and included among renewable sources hydroelectric dams up to 50 MW of capacity, in contrast to the ceiling of 30 MW set by the previous law.
In addition, it established the obligation to reach the target of eight per cent renewable energies in the electric grid by Dec. 31, 2017 – a deadline that will not be reached. However, the government hopes to meet the target by 2019.
The government does hope to reach the second target set by the law, on time: 20 per cent renewables by 2025.
“One of the challenges in this respect is decentralising production,” said Marcelo Álvarez, president of the Argentine Chamber of Renewable Energies, which represents companies in the sector.
Towards that end, Congress is expected to pass a new power distribution law this year, which will allow users who generate renewable power to sell their surplus to the grid, which would be a real innovation in Argentina.
“We already have achieved a unified text for the bill in the Energy Commission of the Chamber of Deputies, with the participation of technical advisers from all the parties and technicians from the executive branch,” said Juan Carlos Villalonga, a former Greenpeace environmental activist who is now a lawmaker for the governing alliance Cambiemos.
“The take-off of renewable energies will be one of the legacies of this government,” said Villalonga.
Within the Paris Agreement on climate change, signed by 196 member states in December 2015, Argentina committed itself to cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 15 per cent before 2030, a level criticised as low, but to which this country would add another 15 per cent if it receives special funds.
A man was arrested for stabbing a victim then barricading themselves in a northeast Las Vegas home Monday morning.
Metro police originally responded to reports of a stabbing in the 1900 block of Pasadena Boulevard, near Lake Mead Boulevard and Mt. Hood Street, at 11:16 p.m. Sunday night. An argument broke out between two men and escalated when one of the men retrieved a knife from the kitchen.
Police said the suspect stabbed the victim on their cheek and forearm.
The victim and three others left the home, but the suspect remained inside with a 20-year-old female.
After the suspect refused to surrender to police, SWAT responded to the scene. The woman was able to exit the home safely but the suspect refused to obey commands to exit the home.
Negotiators were able to get the man to surrender and they were taken into custody hours later at 4:30 a.m. Police said the suspect was bitten by K9, but they were not seriously injured.
The victim sustained minor injuries in the stabbing, according to police.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A long-standing, West Coast anchor for creative expression (and the only venue focused solely on contemporary art between Los Angeles and San Francisco), the Santa Barbara Contemporary Arts Forum will transition from an alternative art space to a contemporary art museum, henceforth known as the Museum of Contemporary Art Santa Barbara (MCA Santa Barbara).
Following a thorough exploratory process with local, national and regional stakeholders about the changing landscape of the art world both regionally and abroad, the Board of Trustees unanimously resolved to change the name of the institution, to better address the true role of the museum. With significant funding from the James Irvine Foundation, the board has committed to a $3.5 million, three-year strategic plan that will chart an exciting new course for this distinguished organization.
“We are proud of this important milestone, which will increase our commitment to presenting the most compelling art of our time while also fostering greater creativity and participation within our community,” MCA Santa Barbara Executive Director Miki Garcia said.
Founded in 1976 by a passionate group of local artists and supporters, CAF was among a crop of alternative art spaces nationwide, which addressed a cultural void by presenting contemporary, avant-garde art of living artists. A forum for interchange between artists nationally and internationally, early exhibitions included work by Craig Kauffman, John Baldessari, Llyn Foulkes, Ed and Nancy Kienholz, Peter Shelton and Wayne Thiebaud.
On July 6, MCA Santa Barbara presents a major solo exhibition and accompanying publication of New York-based artist Dasha Shishkin and solo project by Mexico city-based Edgar Orlaineta. CAF thrived under the leadership of Betty Klausner as the first executive director and later through the guidance of Nancy Doll and others. Initially a roaming space, CAF found its first home in the historic Balboa Building in downtown Santa Barbara, before moving into the current 3,500-square-foot venue in the Paseo Nuevo Shopping Center in 1990.
“Visionary past board members, along with community supporters enabled us to sustain a grassroots arts institution for 37 years,” MCA Santa Barbara board president Jacqueline Klein-Brown said. “Incredible work by a committed and forward looking group of past and current trustees has enabled this next chapter of expansion.”
Arts Forum has been a vibrant and relevant part of Santa Barbara's thriving arts community for nearly four decades,” Santa Barbara Mayor Helene Schneider said. “Organizations like MCA Santa Barbara add an essential component to our region's strong cultural economy.”
Operating as a kunsthalle, MCA Santa Barbara is a noncollecting, nonprofit museum dedicated to innovative and experimental contemporary art and performance.
“We function as an incubator for new ideas and risk-taking artwork,” Garcia said. “As we position ourselves to be a contemporary museum for the 21st century, we are both adaptive and responsive, recognizing how to serve an increasingly larger audience.”
Garcia's thoughts are reflected in a new mission statement: MCA Santa Barbara advances creativity and inspires critical thinking through meaningful engagement with the art of our time.
During CAF's distinguished history, the following notable exhibitions have been presented: Home Show (1988) featured Kate Ericson and Mel Ziegler, Lisa Hein, David Ireland, Jim Isermann, Joseph Kosuth, and Erika Rothenberg. Home Show2 (1996) featured Vito Acconci, Margaret Crane and Jon Winet, Dan Graham, Haha, Linda Hudson, Jean Lowe, Pepon Osorio, Buster Simpson, George Stone, and Allan Wexler, as well as the Michele O'Marah and the Home Show, Revisited (2011), which featured Piero Golia, Evan Holloway, Bettina Hubby, Florian Morlat, Kori Newkirk, Jennifer Rochlin, Ry Rocklen, Kirsten Stoltmann, Stephanie Taylor and Jennifer West.
More recently CAF presented exhibitions by artists EV Day, Luis Gispert, Sanford Biggers and Mario Ybarra Jr. as well as performances through the award-winning Forum Lounge series, by Lucky Dragon, Brent Green, and Davy Rothbart. Local artists featured at CAF who have since garnered international reputations include Jane Callister, Ann Diener, Penelope Gottlieb, Keith Pucinelli and Richard Ross.
— Jenn Kennedy is the director of marketing for the Museum of Contemporary Art Santa Barbara.
Five women who believe they have a vocation to the Catholic priesthood have contacted a US delegation visiting Ireland this month to recruit female priests.
From the US-based Association of Roman Catholic Women Priests (ARCWP), the delegation is being led by Irish-born Bishop Mary Bridget Meehan, who is accompanied by Rev Mary Theresa Streck and Rev Joan Chesterfield.
Speaking of the five women seeking ordination, Bishop Meehan told The Irish Times they “already have theology degrees and diplomas in spirituality”.
A Mass celebrated by Bishop Meehan, in a community centre on Dublin's South Circular, was attended by “35 to 40” people earlier this month, while the delegation met a similar number more recently in Drogheda.
They have also visited Glenstal Abbey at Murroe, Co Limerick, where they met former Abbot Mark Patrick Hederman and Nóirín Ní Riain who was ordained Rev Nóirín Ní Riain, minister in the One Spirit Inter Faith Seminary Foundation, last month. The foundation embraces “the universal truth at the heart of all spiritual traditions”. Ms Ní Riain has a doctorate in theology.
Bishop Meehan said they had also met Limerick parish priest Fr Roy Donovan who last week called for the ordination of women to the Catholic priesthood and objected to the introduction of a male-only permanent diaconate in their Cashel Archdiocese before completion of a report by the papal commission on women deacons.
The meeting with Fr Donovan was “very open” they said, and they had put them in contact with a woman who believes they too have a vocation.
Pittsburgh ordination
Bishop Bridget Mary Meehan was raised to the episcopacy in 2009 at Santa Barbara, California, after ordination to the Catholic priesthood at Pittsburgh in 2006.
Them family is from Crosskerry, near Rathdowney, Co Laois, but they left Ireland for the US in 1956. Nowadays, they hold weekly liturgies , including Mass, at the Mary Mother of Jesus Inclusive Catholic Community in Sarasota, Florida.
In 2007, they and fellow women priests were excommunicated by Pope Benedict. They decreed that anyone “who attempts to confer a sacred order on a woman, and the woman who attempts to receive a sacred order” was automatically excommunicated. However, this decree has been rejected by the ARCWP.
In North America, there were about 250 Catholic women priests and 11 women bishops, Bishop Meehan said. Their ordinations were valid “because of our apostolic succession within the Roman Catholic Church”, they said.
This is so because “the principal consecrating Roman Catholic male bishop who ordained our first women bishops is a bishop with apostolic succession within the Roman Catholic Church in communion with the Pope. Therefore, our bishops validly ordain deacons, priests and bishops.”
As well as in the US and Canada, the ARCWP has members in Latin America and, increasingly, in the rest of the world.
Equality
They seek equality for women in the church at all levels, including at decision-making and ordination levels, and prepare and ordain qualified women (and men) to serve as Catholic priests. Theirs is “a renewal movement” within the church which aims at “full equality for all within” as “a matter of justice and faithfulness to the Gospel”, they said.
Bishop Meehan points out that their model of church “is exactly the opposite” of the current Roman model. For instance, “our bishops have absolutely no authority apart from ordaining [others to priesthood/episcopacy]. It's like the monastic model,” they said.
They and other members of their delegation are back in Ireland (she has been a regular visitor over the years) “for the month of August” and hope to encourage other women towards ordination while here. They will be “celebrating liturgies and meeting with women's groups”.
They would also “love a dialogue with the bishops” in Ireland and believe there is “a new spirit in the church” since the election of Pope Francis in 2013. They feel “in harmony with a lot of what Pope Francis is saying”.
Recently, two Vatican officials met ARCWP members in Rome and all attended Mass together, they said.
Women who believe they have a vocation to the priesthood can contact Bishop Meehan at 001- 703-505-0004, sofiabmm@aol.com and www.arcwp.org.
Mumbai: Three out of three. That's how many times the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy panel has wrong-footed the markets since its October debut. Its latest surprise last Wednesday triggered a five-fold jump in bond volatility, with the benchmark notes posting their biggest loss since 2013.
The move to unexpectedly hold borrowing costs unsettled traders who argue that authorities' prior commentary had suggested they were comfortable with the inflation outlook and gave market participants the impression that an interest-rate cut was on the cards. The accompanying change in the policy stance to neutral from accommodative hardened the blow for the markets.
“You can't move a car from third gear to neutral,” said Lakshmi Iyer, Mumbai-based chief investment officer for debt at Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Co. “Maybe the central banker could have been a tad more proactive in guiding the markets, providing cues and nuances between policies. The carnage in the bond market may not have been so acute.”
India's 10-year bond yield surged 31 basis points on Wednesday and another 12 basis points on Thursday as investors started unwinding bets for further easing. A gauge of 10-day historical volatility on the notes has since climbed to 26.7 per cent, the highest since 2013, from 4.6 per cent on Tuesday. Foreign holdings of local government and corporate debt dropped by 8.3 billion rupees (Dh455.45; $124 million) on the policy day, halting a six-day increase.
“This sudden shift in gear has left quite a few investors, including foreigners, baffled,” Iyer said.
Authorities held rates even while saying that India was unlikely to overshoot its March 2017 inflation goal of 5 per cent. Consumer-price gains slowed to 3.41 per cent in December, the lowest since November 2014. Over the medium term, the RBI is targeting 4 per cent inflation through 2021, while allowing it to fluctuate in a 2 per cent to 6 per cent band.
“RBI's communication with the markets has been an issue,” according to Gopikrishnan MS, Mumbai-based head of foreign exchange, rates and credit for South Asia at Standard Chartered Plc. “It has moved its policy stance from accommodative to neutral after highlighting in the last three meetings that risks to achieving the March inflation target have been going down.”
RBI vs Fed
Alpana Killawala, a spokesperson for the RBI, didn't immediately respond to a request for comments.
Taking India's first collective rate decision in October, the RBI panel lowered the benchmark repurchase rate when the consensus was for no action. It then held fire in December, when a majority of analysts predicted a cut in the aftermath of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's shock currency recall.
The six-member team has been unanimous in all its rate resolutions, thus failing to offer any indication of individual biases of members. While Governor Patel is known for their media reticence, other panel members too haven't guided investors on monetary policy since taking charge.
“From the minutes of the previous two MPC meetings it can be inferred that it is a highly structured set-up,” Soumya Kanti Ghosh, group chief economic adviser at State Bank of India, the largest lender, wrote in a February 8 note. “If we take a look at the minutes of the Federal Reserve's meetings, these are more spontaneous and there is much more detailed discussion regarding the various aspects of the economy before arriving at the conclusion.”
‘Expect the unexpected'
Investors are also disconcerted as the RBI last week lent a more immediate focus on the 4% medium-term inflation goal. The dissonance between the central bank and the market's reading of when the inflation targets will be met is causing the yawning gap between the expected and actual outcomes of policy meetings, they say.
“The RBI, in its post-meeting statement and press conference, conducted an exercise that can be best described as trying to find reasons not to have eased its stance,” Dariusz Kowalczyk, Hong Kong-based senior emerging-market strategist at Credit Agricole CIB, wrote in a Feb. 8 report. “This causes unnecessary high volatility for rupee assets and leaves observers with an unusual degree of uncertainty regarding the policy outlook. It almost makes sense to expect the unexpected.”
— Bloomberg
You've found the home you want to make your own. You have your pre-approval from a lender, you are comfortable with the mortgage payments and now you are ready to put pen — or digital ink — to paper.
The first questions for you and your Realtor to consider are what price to offer, how long does your lender need to get your loan approved and funded (i.e., how long of a contingency period and escrow) and how you would deliver your deposit to escrow in the event your offer is accepted.
Your deposit, generally 3 percent of the purchase price in our area, is due to escrow within the first three days after acceptance. You can have it wired in from your bank or bring in a check to your escrow office. This money will be deposited, so you'll need for that money to be available quickly after your offer is accepted. It's a little awkward if your earnest money deposit check bounces.
Another expense in the home-buying process that is often overlooked is the cost of inspections. You'll want to budget $1,000 to $2,000 for inspections depending on the size and/or complexity of the home you are purchasing. Condos usually need only a $500 budget.
Some people ask why the sellers don't pay for inspections on the products they are selling. On occasion they do, but in general, you want the inspectors working for you and the sellers need to protect themselves from liability if their inspectors miss something important to you. You'll want to hire a general inspector to review the major systems and see what other inspections might be necessary.
A roof inspection is always a good idea, even if it was recently replaced. It's difficult for a generalist to determine if a roof was installed correctly.
Also, general inspectors do not have X-ray vision for items such as plumbing lines. In Santa Barbara, many sewer lines are reaching the end of their life. It's prudent to get a sewer line scope so you know the condition of your line and whether you need to put money aside for a replacement.
At times, you'll need to call in a geologist to determine the soil stability and review the house's drainage condition to ensure a long and healthy life at that site.
I know this sounds like a lot of inspections, but you need to know what you are buying so there are no surprises. Contact your Santa Barbara Realtor to guide you.
— Laurel Abbott is a real estate agent with Prudential California Realty and president of the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.879.8050. The opinions expressed are them own.
(CNN) -- The nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday and it was a good day for HBO's limited series "Big Little Lies."
It was nominated for best TV movie or limited series, along with "Fargo," "Feud," "The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
LIST OF 2018 GOLDEN GLOBES NOMINEES
"Big Little Lies" stars Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon were nominated for best actor in a TV movie or limited series, Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon were nominated for "Feud" and Jessica Biel scored a nod for their work on "The Sinner."
A returned-to-TV favorite got a welcome back gift.
"Will & Grace" received a nomination for best TV musical or comedy along with "Black-ish," "Master of None," "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" and "SMILF."
"Will & Grace" star Eric McCormack was nominated for best actor in a TV musical or comedy, as was Anthony Anderson of "Black-ish," Aziz Ansari" of "Master of None," Kevin Bacon from "I Love Dick" and William H. Macy from "Shameless."
Awards season comes in the wake of Hollywood being rocked by multiple sexual misconduct scandals.
Producer Harvey Weinstein was toppled with a series of stories in October in which dozens of women accused them of various allegations ranging from sexual harassment to rape.
Through a spokesperson Weinstein has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
They were fired from The Weinstein Company, which was for a long time one of the more influential film production companies and a frequent player during awards season.
The Weinstein Company does not have any projects in contention this season.
Since then, multiple men in Hollywood have faced similar allegations and the conversation about inequality in the industry has intensified.
"Late Night" host Seth Meyers will preside over the awards ceremony -- set to air January 7th on NBC.
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
India launches world record 104 satellites on a single rocket
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Perhaps the scales were tipped by the more assertive election campaign, the increase in the number of yard signs or the hearty support from teachers in the Orcutt Union School District.
However the aspects aligned for Liz Phillips to make their way on to the five-member Orcutt district Board of Trustees — unseating a long-time incumbent in November's election — their persistence seems to finally have paid off.
“The third try was the charm,” the 24-year resident of Orcutt told Noozhawk recently, recounting their first school year in the new role.
“I wanted to have a voice in the district,” Phillips said. “I felt like I was coming to the table with a well-rounded understanding. What the teachers do, how the community supports the schools.”
Phillips said they have always been an advocate for the district, where they have spent many years as a school volunteer, PTA president, Title I teacher and substitute teacher at Lakeview and Orcutt Junior High schools.
Them two grown children — Katie and Matt — grew up in Orcutt schools and graduated from Righetti High School.
“They're great products of it,” Phillips said. “We produce great students.”
Phillips, who has worked as a recruitment coordinator for Allan Hancock College since 2005, said last fall would have been the last time they ran for a seat on the Orcutt school board. They were up against Kathy Meissner, one of three trustees who had held their seats for nearly two decades.
Buoyed by an all-or-nothing mentality and a call for change, Phillips was again supported fervently by the Orcutt Educators Association and the California State Employees Association.
A year after taking over the post they worked so diligently to obtain, Phillips said they keep busy reading board meeting packets and school and PTA newsletters, and attending events throughout the district.
They said they have tried to be a big backer of school safety and continued training for staff, aware and honored to have such responsibility and accountability to the public the board serves.
“I love it, I really do,” Phillips said. “It's a lot of homework. (But) good things happen when people work together.”
Watching the second-ever graduation of Orcutt Academy High School students capped off Phillips' first year of experience, although they said she's looking forward to many more.
“I'm still learning,” they said. “It really is nice to feel like you're making a difference in a student's education. I really enjoy visiting the schools.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Europe's most vulnerable migrants were boosted by a ruling that gives greater protection to those who have been tortured.
It came in a case involving a Sri Lankan who'd been refused asylum in the United Kingdom.
The case of the asylum seeker — referred only to as MP — was heard today at Europe's top court.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruled tortured asylum seekers can claim subsidiary protection in Europe if the country they were trying to be returned to was unable to provide adequate healthcare for post-traumatic stress.
Subsidiary protection is a level of recognition for migrants that is below that of refugee status but which normally gives the applicant a residence permit in the country for a limited period.
MP, a former member of the Tamil Tigers, had told the UK they would face torture if they were returned to Sri Lanka.
But with the country's civil war over since 2009, British authorities could not establish whether this was the case.
The ECJ agreed saying past incidents of torture and a low-risk of it repeating were not enough grounds for granting subsidiary status.
But, it added, MP still suffers “severe psychological after-effects” from torture and returning them would increase the risk of them committing suicide.
It concluded there would only be grounds for granting subsidiary status if the third country national faced a real risk of being deprived of healthcare for post-traumatic stress on their return, as in the case of the Sri Lankan.
Steve Peers, a professor of EU and human rights law from the University of Essex, told Euronews it was a landmark judgement.
They added in a blog post: “Today's judgment has gone some way to ensuring greater protection, where necessary, for the most vulnerable migrants: torture victims and the terminally ill.”
ROCK SPRINGS — According to Chief Dwane Pacheco, Officers from the Rock Springs Police Department responded to the 800 block of Rhode Island on October 5, 2017 at approximately 9:20 p.m. in reference to two gun shots that had been heard in the area.
While speaking with the reporting party officers located a bullet hole in the ceiling of a residence and believed the upstairs neighbor to have fired the shot. Neighbors were evacuated and Officers secured the scene until members of the Rock Springs Police Department Tactical Response Team could arrive.
Multiple attempts were made to contact the male subject living in the upstairs residence but they did not respond.
After repeated attempts were unsuccessful, members of the Tactical Response Team made entry into the residence and found the male subject deceased.
It appears that the male subject died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. No shots were fired by law enforcement.
The RSPD would like to thank the Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office, Wyoming HighwayPatrol, Rock Springs Fire Department, and Sweetwater Medics for their assistance with this and other calls that were occurring throughout the night.
Hello. Here's your morning briefing:
Image copyright Getty Images
The White House has issued a statement clarifying comments made by President Donald Trump as they face sustained criticism for not explicitly condemning the far-right organisers of Saturday's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in which a woman was killed.
Several Republican senators have urged the president to "call evil by its name" and the US national security adviser, HR McMaster, went further by saying: "Anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it meets the definition of terrorism."
In response, a White House spokesperson insisted: "The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
Analysis: Why Trump's response is no surprise
By Anthony Zurcher, North America reporter
Clues for how the president would react to such a situation were scattered across their presidential campaign. In February 2016, Mr Trump initially declined to disavow support from the Klu Klux Klan and David Duke, the former Klan leader who became a Louisiana Republican politician.
Read Anthony's full article
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
'Seventeen dead' in capital of Burkina Faso
Seventeen people have been killed and eight wounded in a "terrorist attack" on people sitting outside a restaurant in the centre of the capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou, according to the government. Security forces killed three attackers, but some people are still trapped in the building, Communication Minister Remis Dandjinou said.
Cancer charity founder paid themselves £31,000
A national breast cancer charity is being investigated after its founder paid themselves £31,000 in breach of charity law. Wendy Watson MBE, who launched the National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline in 1996, resigned as a trustee after financial irregularities were uncovered by the Charity Commission. Them lawyers described the payments as "an error".
Man charged with dog-walker murder
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a grandfather who was attacked as they walked their dogs earlier this month. Peter Wrighton, 83, from Banham, Norfolk, was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head and their body was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on 5 August.
What the papers say
The violence in Charlottesville is considered in the editorial columns in today's papers, with much of the focus on President Donald Trump's failure to single out for blame the white supremacists who rallied there. But the papers also have plenty to say on Brexit, with The Times leading on claims by "senior Whitehall officials" that Brexit decisions are being "rushed through", and the Express reporting on what it describes as a "plot" for another EU referendum.
Daily digest
An unusual scandal The Australian deputy PM refers themselves to the High Court after revealing they may have dual citizenship
Bottoms up Arrests of drunken air passengers have risen by 50% in a year
Relay relief Britain's 4x400 metres women won silver and the GB men bronze to meet their minimum medal target of six
Flat-footed Clarks in sexism row over branding of girls' shoes
If you watch one thing today
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The problem with IPP (Imprisonment for Public Protection) sentences
Prisoner 11 years into 10-month jail term
If you listen to one thing today
Images of Diana
If you read one thing today
A country divided - and its 70-year legacy
Today's lookahead
Today Cassini spacecraft will enter the final phase of its 20-year mission when it makes a series of "ultra-close" passes through Saturn's upper atmosphere.
16:00 A British computer expert accused of creating malware for stealing bank details is due back in court in the US.
On this day
1947 Pakistan became an independent country outside British rule
1967 The Marine Broadcasting Offences Act came into force, leading to the closure of pirate radio stations
From elsewhere
Police slam Uber over sex attack drivers (The Times)
Nigel Farage: The movie snapped up by Hollywood (Telegraph)
Can fast-track teachers raise standards? (Scotsman)
Mother of Charlottesville victim: 'I'm proud of what they did' (Huffington Post)
Nevada casinos have crossed the $1 billion revenue mark for the third consecutive month.
Regulators released data Monday showing casinos statewide earned about $1.03 billion from gamblers in March. That's a 3.4 percent increase compared to the same month last year.
Data from the Nevada Gaming Control Board shows Las Vegas Strip casinos saw their winnings jump 9.1 percent to about $574 million.
Casinos in downtown Las Vegas reported the sharpest decline among the markets monitored across the state. Those casinos reported revenue of about $54 million, down 14.2 percent.
Winnings also decreased in Stateline, on the south shore of Lake Tahoe. Revenue there was about $14.6 million, down 12.9 percent.
The state benefited with about $75.8 million in percentage fees based on the taxable revenues generated in March.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
How to cheat with Netflix
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A range of secret Netflix codes have been revealed - and they promise to help you unlock the full range of films and TV shows.
Not all content appears when you search on Netflix, as many users of the streaming service know only too well.
But, thankfully, these hidden codes will reveal the full list of movies and programmes from dozens of genres.
You simply have to change the digits at the end of the URL - full list below.
With dozens of sub-genres available to be viewed, the codes reveal hours more of content for your viewing pleasure.
Dependent on your location and IP address, users might only be limited to only some of the genres below.
Here is how it all works.
Take the basic URL (http://www.netflix.com/browse/genre/) , and at the end of the URL the code you would like from the lengthy list below:
Action & Adventure: 1365
Action Comedies: 43040
Action Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 1568
Action Thrillers: 43048
Adult Animation: 11881
Adventures: 7442
African Movies: 3761
Alien Sci-Fi: 3327
Animal Tales: 5507
Anime: 7424
Anime Action: 2653
Anime Comedies: 9302
Anime Dramas: 452
Anime Fantasy: 11146
Anime Features: 3063
Anime Horror: 10695
Anime Sci-Fi: 2729
Anime Series: 6721
Art House Movies: 29764
Asian Action Movies: 77232
Australian Movies: 5230
B-Horror Movies: 8195
Baseball Movies: 12339
Basketball Movies: 12762
Belgian Movies: 262
Biographical Docs: 3652
Biographical Dramas: 3179
Boxing Movies: 12443
British Movies: 10757
British TV Shows: 52117
Campy Movies: 1252
Children & Family Movies: 783
Chinese Movies: 3960
Classic Action & Adventure: 46576
Classic Comedies: 31694
Classic Dramas: 29809
Classic Foreign Movies: 32473
Classic Movies: 31574
Classic Musicals: 32392
Classic Romantic Movies: 31273
Classic Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 47147
Classic Thrillers: 46588
Classic TV Shows: 46553
Classic War Movies: 48744
Classic Westerns: 47465
Comedies: 6548
Comic Book and Superhero: 10118
Country & Western/Folk: 1105
Courtroom Dramas: 2748
Creature Features: 6895
Crime Action & Adventure: 9584
Crime Documentaries: 9875
Crime Dramas: 6889
Crime Thrillers: 10499
Crime TV Shows: 26146
Cult Comedies: 9434
Cult Horror Movies: 10944
Cult Movies: 7627
Cult Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 4734
Cult TV Shows: 74652
Dark Comedies: 869
Deep Sea Horror Movies: 45028
Disney: 67673
Disney Musicals: 59433
Documentaries: 6839
Dramas: 5763
Dramas based on Books: 4961
Dramas based on real life: 3653
Dutch Movies: 10606
Eastern European Movies: 5254
Education for Kids: 10659
Epics: 52858
Experimental Movies: 11079
Faith & Spirituality: 26835
Faith & Spirituality Movies: 52804
Family Features: 51056
Fantasy Movies: 9744
Film Noir: 7687
Food & Travel TV: 72436
Football Movies: 12803
Foreign Action & Adventure: 11828
Foreign Comedies: 4426
Foreign Documentaries: 5161
Foreign Dramas: 2150
Foreign Gay & Lesbian Movies: 8243
Foreign Horror Movies: 8654
Foreign Movies: 7462
Foreign Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 6485
Foreign Thrillers: 10306
French Movies: 58807
Gangster Movies: 31851
Gay & Lesbian Dramas: 500
German Movies: 58886
Greek Movies: 61115
Historical Documentaries: 5349
Horror Comedy: 89585
Horror Movies: 8711
Independent Action & Adventure: 11804
Independent Comedies: 4195
Independent Dramas: 384
Independent Movies: 7077
Independent Thrillers: 3269
Indian Movies: 10463
Irish Movies: 58750
Italian Movies: 8221
Japanese Movies: 10398
Jazz & Easy Listening: 10271
Kids Faith & Spirituality: 751423
Kids Music: 52843
Kids' TV: 27346
Korean Movies: 5685
Korean TV Shows: 67879
Late Night Comedies: 1402
Latin American Movies: 1613
Latin Music: 10741
Martial Arts Movies: 8985
Martial Arts, Boxing & Wrestling: 6695
Middle Eastern Movies: 5875
Military Action & Adventure: 2125
Military Documentaries: 4006
Military Dramas: 11
Military TV Shows: 25804
Miniseries: 4814
Mockumentaries: 26
Monster Movies: 947
Movies based on children's books: 10056
Movies for ages 0 to 2: 6796
Movies for ages 2 to 4: 6218
Movies for ages 5 to 7: 5455
Movies for ages 8 to 10: 561
Movies for ages 11 to 12: 6962
Music & Concert Documentaries: 90361
Music: 1701
Musicals: 13335
Mysteries: 9994
New Zealand Movies: 63782
Period Pieces: 12123
Political Comedies: 2700
Political Documentaries: 7018
Political Dramas: 6616
Political Thrillers: 10504
Psychological Thrillers: 5505
Quirky Romance: 36103
Reality TV: 9833
Religious Documentaries: 10005
Rock & Pop Concerts: 3278
Romantic Comedies: 5475
Romantic Dramas: 1255
Romantic Favorites: 502675
Romantic Foreign Movies: 7153
Romantic Independent Movies: 9916
Romantic Movies: 8883
Russian: 11567
Satanic Stories: 6998
Satires: 4922
Scandinavian Movies: 9292
Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 1492
Sci-Fi Adventure: 6926
Sci-Fi Dramas: 3916
Sci-Fi Horror Movies: 1694
Sci-Fi Thrillers: 11014
Science & Nature Documentaries: 2595
Science & Nature TV: 52780
Screwball Comedies: 9702
Showbiz Dramas: 5012
Showbiz Musicals: 13573
Silent Movies: 53310
Slapstick Comedies: 10256
Slasher and Serial Killer Movies: 8646
Soccer Movies: 12549
Social & Cultural Documentaries: 3675
Social Issue Dramas: 3947
Southeast Asian Movies: 9196
Spanish Movies: 58741
Spiritual Documentaries: 2760
Sports & Fitness: 9327
Sports Comedies: 5286
Sports Documentaries: 180
Sports Dramas: 7243
Sports Movies: 4370
Spy Action & Adventure: 10702
Spy Thrillers: 9147
Stage Musicals: 55774
Stand-up Comedy: 11559
Steamy Romantic Movies: 35800
Steamy Thrillers: 972
Supernatural Horror Movies: 42023
Supernatural Thrillers: 11140
Tearjerkers: 6384
Teen Comedies: 3519
Teen Dramas: 9299
Teen Screams: 52147
Teen TV Shows: 60951
Thrillers: 8933
Travel & Adventure Documentaries: 1159
TV Action & Adventure: 10673
TV Cartoons: 11177
TV Comedies: 10375
TV Documentaries: 10105
TV Dramas: 11714
TV Horror: 83059
TV Mysteries: 4366
TV Sci-Fi & Fantasy: 1372
TV Shows: 83
Urban & Dance Concerts: 9472
Vampire Horror Movies: 75804
Werewolf Horror Movies: 75930
Westerns: 7700
World Music Concerts: 2856
Zombie Horror Movies: 75405
