April 24 (UPI) -- A large alligator paid a visit to a Florida middle school and was recorded by witnesses walking along the sidewalk outside the building.
Leann Cook posted a video to Facebook showing the massive gator strolling down the sidewalk in front of Deltona Middle School on Sunday evening.
The alligator was also caught on camera by fellow witness Karl Miranda.
"I saw something huge, murky, grayish on the asphalt there. I actually thought it was a snake of some sort, but the closer I got, I realized, it was a big gator," Miranda told WOFL-TV.
"I've never had an experience this close, and I am taking this as an affirmation that, after 20 years, I've finally become a Floridian," they said.
Witnesses said they summoned a trapper to the scene, but the gator had wandered away by the time they arrived.
TAMPA, Fla. — Dirk Koetter says they and Jameis Winston have said all they need to say about the state of their relationship as coach and quarterback.
Both deny there's friction between them, though those proclamations aren't likely to end speculation about how much longer they'll remain together with the regressing Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Bucs (4-9) have lost eight of 10 games following a 2-1 start and are assured of missing the playoffs for the 10th consecutive season.
Koetter led the team to a 9-7 record a year ago, creating heightened expectations that they and Winston have been unable to meet this season.
NFL Network reported before Sunday's 24-21 loss to Detroit that the relationship between coach and quarterback is strained.
Koetter and Winston, in their third season since entering the NFL as the No. 1 overall pick in 2015, insist that's not the case.
"We both said what we had to say," Koetter reiterated Monday, when asked if they and Winston had met to discuss the subject since their postgame denials.
"He and I know the truth about it," the coach added, "so I don't know what else there is to talk about."
Winston threw for more than 4,000 yards in each of the past two seasons, helping Tampa Bay progress from a team with two wins the year before they were drafted to a club seemingly on the verge of competing for a division title.
But instead of preparing for a meaningful stretch run of games against NFC South rivals Atlanta, Carolina and New Orleans, the Bucs find themselves answering questions about how disappointing it is to see the Falcons, Panthers and Saints chasing playoff berths while they're wallowing in the division cellar.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FRISCO -- The NFL Draft buildup is ramping up! And, while the event's purpose is primarily for picking prospects, there's a lot more going on throughout the week around DFW.
Tuesday afternoon, the Cowboys held their customary pre-draft news conference at The Star in Frisco to discuss this year's goals. Though of course, they wouldn't get specific about any players they like so as not to tip their hand to other teams. But, they did acknowledge that wide receiver and linebacker are two positions of great interest to them, and owner/general manager Jerry Jones promised he's sticking to the team's game plan and won't try to make a splash just to steal the spotlight in their stadium.
"I would not in any way impugn the integrity of our decision-making in the draft room by throwing a helicopter in the middle of it, okay?" Jones said with a laugh.
Jones drew another laugh when they interrupted head coach Jason Garrett's response to being asked about the amount of swearing he's caught on camera doing in the upcoming Amazon documentary series on the Cowboys' 2017 season, "All or Nothing," saying, "What the **** are y'all getting to?!"
While the draft itself does not begin until Thursday night, draft-related community events have started to commence. Tuesday morning saw about 500 kids take part in a Fuel Up to Play 60 event outside AT&T Stadium. The NFL program encourages kids to exercise for at least 60 minutes each day, and former Cowboys star DeMarcus Ware was on hand to give an extra boost.
"[When I was a kid] I was playing football outside, baseball, running track, any type of sport that I could play, because I didn't want to go home unless it was meal time," Ware said with a smile. "This right here is what we're trying to teach [the kids], to instill the old values so they can be healthy."
According to a new research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the rivalry between Twilio Inc., Avaya Inc., Dialogic Corp., Genband, Mitel Networks, and Oracle Corp. points towards a highly fragmented and competitive landscape present in the global web real-time communication (webRTC) market.
As the leading players are increasingly being involved into the acquisition of smaller participants to increase their market share, the competition within this market is likely to intensify in the coming years. WebRTC solution providers are also expected uptake innovation and product advancements strategy to strengthen their presence in this market over the next few years, notes the research study.
As per TMR's estimations, the global webRTC market, which reached US$10.71 bn in 2016, will expand at a CAGR of 24.30% during the period from 2017 to 2025 and attain an opportunity worth US$81.52 bn by the end of the forecast period. Video webRTC solutions have been enjoying a stronger demand across the world compared to other solutions, thanks to their expanding application range. Analysts expect this scenario to continue like this throughout the period of the forecast.
In this research study, the worldwide webRTC market has been evaluated on the basis of various parameters, among which the geography holds an important place. According to the report, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and South America are the primary geographical segments of the global market for webRTC.
North America, among these, acquired the leading position in 2016 with a share of more than 40% in the overall market and is anticipated to retain it throughout the forecast period, thanks to the increased uptake of webRTC technology in this region. The expanding application of these solutions in UCaaS and telecom services, high internet speed, and the surging number of mobile subscribers are also projected to boost this regional market over the next few years.
PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22406
Europe has held the second position in this market in 2016. Researchers anticipate it to remain seated in this position over the forthcoming years on the grounds of the advancements in technologies and their swift uptake. Asia Pacific is also predicted to witness a substantial rise in its market share on account of the advancements in its telecom and IT sector and the burgeoning base of internet users. Japan, China, and India are expected to emerge as leading domestic markets in Asia Pacific with noticeable rise in the uptake of WebRTC solutions in the years to come, states the research report.
“The increasing popularity of IP multimedia subsystems (IMS) is having the most prominent impact on the uptake of webRTC solutions,” states the author of the study. IMSs offer standardization of voice call services through IP packet switched network across the telecommunication industry. With the emergence of 4G LTE, the uptake of Voice over LTE (VoLTE) and rich communication services is likely to increase considerably among mobile users in the coming years.
A Custom Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=22406
Since webRTC operates on IP based systems, mobile network operators, nowadays, have begun to use webRTC solutions to leverage the adoption of VoLTE among their end users, which is likely to boost this market significantly over the forecast period. Apart from this, the ease of usage and device compatibility are also projected to reflect positively on this market in the near future.
Although the future of this market looks bright, the increasing dependency on Internet for better quality of services may hamper its growth to some extent over the next few years, notes the research study.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Carson Wentz threw a touchdown pass a few plays after suffering an injury that could ruin a special season for the Philadelphia Eagles, and then stuck around to greet teammates and celebrate a division-clinching victory with them.
It's always team-first for No. 11.
Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore their left anterior cruciate ligament in a 43-35 comeback win over the Rams on Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
After the game, Wentz's left knee was wrapped in a brace. They were driven in a cart up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and then hobbled to one of the team buses.
“I don't know anything until we evaluate them (Monday),” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said.
Wentz wrote on Twitter: “NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to them and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6”
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
“Everyone is really excited about the win but you have your starting quarterback go down, it's emotional,” Foles said. “It's emotional for me. I work with them every day so I'm dealing with that.”
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special-teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
But they're not the franchise quarterback.
“It (stinks) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what they put into the game and their preparation,” safety Malcolm Jenkins said. “But as a team we have all our goals in front of us.”
Wentz is the latest NFL star to go down in a season in which several high-profile players have been sidelined. Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and safety Kam Chancellor, Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt and quarterback Deshaun Watson, Giants receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall, Chiefs safety Eric Berry, Browns tackle Joe Thomas and Vikings running back Dalvin Cook and quarterback Sam Bradford each sustained season-ending injuries.
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards, 33 TDs and only seven interceptions.
Wentz again was spectacular against the Rams before they got hurt after getting hit hard as they scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. They stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard TD pass to Alshon Jeffery on fourth down four plays later, setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season.
“It shows how tough they are,” Pederson said.
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead. They led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives. Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No. 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State. On Sunday, they outperformed Rams quarterback Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in that draft.
Despite the injury, Wentz celebrated the victory over the Rams (9-4) with teammates.
“He's one of the leaders on the team. They were there congratulating and celebrating with everyone,” Foles said.
Foles, a third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, is in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
“I'm absolutely ready to go — need be,” Foles said. “I prepare every day.”
___
AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Communications Minister and Galway Roscommon TD Denis Naughten has been taken to Portiuncula Hospital following a road crash.
Minister Naughten was cycling with their wife on the Castlecoote Road, around 4 miles outside Roscommon town, when they were hit by a car around 12.30 this afternoon.
They were taken by ambulance to Portiuncula Hospital in Ballinasloe with back injuries sustained in the collision.
It's understood their injuries are not serious and Gardai are investigating the incident.
x
Our cookie policy has changed. Review our cookie policy for more details and to change your cookie preference. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
THIS was no flippant misunderstanding between two “old mates”.
Liberals John McGrath and Peter Collier did their best on Friday to paint the so-called “push and shove” incident at the Rottnest Island Hotel the night before as just a bit of harmless banter about the Upper House versus the Lower House.
But informed Liberals yesterday painted a slightly different picture of the incident, suggesting that Collier ending up on the floor of the hotel — after apparently being pushed off of their chair by McGrath — was more to do with the South Perth MLA still harbouring resentment towards the way the disastrous 2017 election was handled by the powerbroker and leadership team and suggestions that the South Perth MLA should retire from politics before the next poll.
Camera Icon Joe Spagnolo
Collier, as is well known, was a staunch supporter of former premier Colin Barnett who was allowed to keep their job despite the fact that poll after poll in 2016-17 showed they were the single biggest reason why voters had turned off the WA Liberal-National government.
Collier was also part of a so-called leadership team which had enormous say on the direction of the disastrous election campaign.
Informed sources told me yesterday that while a livid McGrath was standing over Collier as they lay on the floor they told the powerbroker in no uncertain terms not only what they thought of the former schoolteacher but of their role during the infamous election campaign of 2017.
“McGrath was standing over them and said, ‘You're a ----',” a witness said. “He said something about being sick of this Upper House-Lower House (argument).
“Then they had a crack at them about losing the election and being part of the leadership group and that sort of stuff.
“Peter said not a word. They were on the ground. They stayed there until John walked off.
“Collier then gets up. John then tries to come back and say sorry, and puts their hand out to shake it and Peter wouldn't accept their handshake.”
But according to Liberals, there is another reason why McGrath was feeling less than amorous towards Collier at this Liberal Party love-in.
Several sources told me this week that more Libs were circling around McGrath's cosy South Perth seat like a flock of seagulls around a piece of bread.
McGrath has let it be known that they intend to retire at the next election. But I was told this week from Liberals was that there was a strong view from some quarters that McGrath should not only call it quits and let someone else have South Perth but that they should resign sooner — rather than later.
Sources say what made McGrath see red on Thursday night was that Collier allegedly said to him: “You're a cretin. Why don't you retire?”
McGrath saw red. “There is a lot of tension about John's future in the party,” a source said.
“There are a lot of people who believe the party is in need of renewal.
“There are people there (in the Liberal Party) who are not the fresh approach that is needed and there is a belief that they are robbing the party of the opportunity of new fresh blood coming in.”
It is obvious from the events of this week that the election loss of 2017 still stings for some Liberals.
That's a good thing. The devastating election result of 2017 should still hurt for Liberals.
But it is the way the Liberals respond to the 2017 election loss that will determine the future.
And so far, the Liberals' response to that loss has been weak. They did a so-called election review and that review has been kept under lock and key.
Talk of constitutional change remains just that.
And Collier, and fellow powerbrokers Nick Goiran and Mathias Cormann, still remain very powerful and influential Liberals in WA.
A clearly frustrated McGrath let their anger get the better of them on Thursday.
They probably regret that.
But I don't think McGrath is an orphan when it comes to being a frustrated Liberal in 2018.
By Brian Ives
Now that the t2017 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony is behind us (but you can watch an edited version of the show on HBO on April 29 at 8:00 pm ET), it's time to look forward to next year; who will be in the Rock Hall's class of 2018?
There are only a few inductees each year, and there are so many artists that deserve the honor, so we broke it down to different subgenres, and who we felt should be inducted from each. Starting with post-punk, which is the single most neglected subgenre, by the Hall, which has jumped from the CBGBs era to U2 and R.E.M. to the Lollapalooza era of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nirvana, Green Day and Pearl Jam, and skipping many crucially important bands in between.
Likewise, the Hall of Fame is pretty weak on metal (as opposed to hard rock, which is well represented with AC/DC, KISS, Aerosmith and Van Halen). To hear the Rock Hall tell it, metal goes straight from Black Sabbath to Metallica. They've missed a lot.
So, consider this a public service to the Hall's nominating committee and voting body: here's who should get in next year.
~
The Post-Punk Band: The Cure – There are a lot of bands from this era that deserve to be in the Hall of Fame, including Depeche Mode, the Smiths and Joy Division, as well as American bands like the Pixies, the Replacements and Sonic Youth. But the Cure, who debuted in 1978 with their “Killing An Arab” single, has been around the longest, and are still a huge touring act (they sold out a three-night stand at New York's Madison Square Garden last summer). And they continue to influence new bands. Classic Material: 1980's Boys Don't Cry, 1981's Faith, 1982's Pornography, 1985's The Head on the Door, 1987's Kiss Me Kiss Me, 1989's Disintegration, 1992's Wish
The Alt-Rock Icon: Jane's Addiction – We've discussed this before, but Jane's should have been inducted before any of the bands that they paved the way for: Nirvana, Green Day and Pearl Jam. As Rage Against the Machine's Tom Morello said at Jane's Addiction's Rock Walk dedication ceremony, “Nirvana often gets credit for being the first ‘alternative' band to break through, the band that changed music and led rock out of the hair metal wilderness of the ‘80s. That's just not true. It was Jane's Addiction. Inspiring, intelligent, furiously rocking and artistically deep as f—.” It was also Jane's who spearheaded the first Lollapalooza tour, making the point that American fans enjoyed all kinds of music — hard rock, industrial and hip-hop, to name a few. Soon, touring festivals would be all the rage, which led to all of the “destination festivals” that dominate the summer schedules of rock, hip-hop, pop and EDM acts. Classic Material: 1987's Jane's Addiction, 1988's Nothing's Shocking, 1990's Ritual de lo Habitual
Related: Snubbed: 19 Musicians Not Included In Their Band's Rock Hall Induction
The Hip-Hop Legend: Ice-T – A lot has been made about the fact that LL Cool J — hip-hop's first solo superstar — has yet to be inducted, and we agree that LL should be a Hall of Famer at some point. But LL didn't have the connection to rock music that Ice-T did. “Rhyme Pays,” the opening track off Ice's 1987 debut features Black Sabbath's “War Pigs,” while “Shut Up, Be Happy,” the opening track of 1989's The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech… Just Watch What You Say!, featured vocals by punk icon Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedys and a sample of Black Sabbath's “Black Sabbath.” They used “Black Sabbath” again, along with Led Zeppelin's “When the Levee Breaks” on “Midnight” from 1991's O.G. Original Gangster. Sure, lots of hip-hop artists sampled rock songs, but Ice was actually a fan of the music they were sampling. Ice was the the sole hip-hop act on the first Lollapalooza tour, which is where they debuted their metal band, Body Count (who just released their latest album, Bloodlust). Classic Material: 1987's Rhyme Pays, 1988's Power, 1989's The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech… Just Watch What You Say!, 1991's O.G. Original Gangster
The Radio Favorites: The Cars – It's truly mystifying that the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame hasn't inducted the Cars already: they have tons of hits, they were loved by radio and MTV and critics, and as popular as they got, they were always edgy enough to be cooler than most of their peers. Classic Material: 1978's The Cars, 1979's Candy-O, 1980's Panorama, 1981's Shake It Up, 1984's Heartbeat City
The Singer-Songwriter: Carole King – She's already in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, actually: they were inducted in the “Non-Performer” category in 1990 as half of the Gerry Goffin/Carole King songwriting team, and that was appropriate, as they are one of the greatest songwriting teams that popular music has ever known. However, that honor doesn't cover the fact she's also one of the greatest singer-songwriters ever, not to mention one of the best-selling ones: their 1971 album, Tapestry, has been certified diamond for selling over 10 million copies in the U.S. alone. Classic Material: 1971's Tapestry; the list can start and end there.
The First Time Nominee: Rage Against the Machine – The Rock Hall usually likes to induct a first-time eligible artist, and next year, both Rage and Radiohead hit their big 25 year anniversaries. But in this politically charged era, Rage seems timelier than ever, and a good reminder to younger artists that having a political stance doesn't keep you from the top of the charts or from the stages of arenas. (But we do think Radiohead deserves to be voted in at some point, too.) Classic Material: 1992'a Rage Against the Machine, 1996's Evil Empire, 1999's The Battle of Los Angeles
The Metal God: Randy Rhoads – As mentioned above, there are lots of metal bands who need to be inducted into the Hall of Fame, and soon. Among those, and at a bare minimum, this shortlist would include Motorhead, Judas Priest and Iron Maiden (and maybe Slayer). But first, we'd love to see one of the genre's most influential guitarists get their due. He's not eligible as an artist, as they never released anything under their own name, but they should certainly get the Award for Musical Excellence, which has recently gone to Nile Rodgers, Ringo Starr, and the E Street Band. Randy Rhoads tragically died in a plane crash in 1982 at the way-too-young age of 25, but in their short lifetime changed the game for metal guitarists, adding a fleet-fingered classical style to the lexicon. After a few years in Quiet Riot (before their success), they joined a newly-solo Ozzy Osbourne, and the two albums that they made together are among the greatest in metal history (and gave one of its icons a great second act, after leaving Black Sabbath). Classic Material: Ozzy Osbourne's 1980 Blizzard of Ozz and Ozzy Osbourne's 1981 Diary of a Madman
PARIS — Jean Paul Gaultier is like a whirling dervish, in perpetual motion. In just a matter of days, the designer had been in Berlin, where costumes they created are being worn for a cabaret show at the Friedrichstadt-Palast, and also at the Cannes Film Festival. There they took in some movies — a favorite pastime — and posed for a photo with other former members of the event's jury to mark its 70th anniversary.
By the time they sat down with WWD in their sprawling headquarters here, preparations for couture season were already well under way, as was the planning for the launch of their new women's perfume, Scandal.
× Trump tweets they wish they hadn't picked Jeff Sessions for attorney general
President Donald Trump said Wednesday they regretted choosing Jeff Sessions as attorney general, a continuation of the President's frustrations over Sessions' decision to recuse themselves from the Russia investigation.
Quoting Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, who noted on CBS earlier Wednesday that Trump “could have picked somebody else” for the position, Trump tweeted, “I wish I did!”
….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Gowdy was responding to a question about whether Trump may have obstructed justice in reportedly asking Sessions in March 2017 to reverse their decision to recuse themselves in the probe, as The New York Times reported Tuesday.
The South Carolina Republican said they believed Trump was “expressing frustration” that Sessions should have shared their reasons for recusal before accepting the role of attorney general.
Trump has frequently criticized Sessions over their recusal, which paved the way for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to appoint special counsel Robert Mueller to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Trump, according to The New York Times, has said they need an attorney general to protect him.
In an interview with The New York Times last July, the President said they would not have chosen Sessions to be their attorney general had they known Sessions would step away from matters related to the 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump and their attorney general's relationship has suffered greatly since Sessions' decision to recuse himself. Sessions, a top Trump campaign surrogate, announced the decision in March 2017 after it was revealed that they had contacts with Russia's ambassador to the US during the 2016 election.
In the past year, Trump has publicly referred to their attorney general as “beleaguered” and even referred to Sessions in February as “Mr. Magoo” behind closed doors, according to The Washington Post.
Trump also has privately complained that Sessions has not adequately defended him, multiple sources have told CNN over the past year.
Sessions has stood by their decision and continued to offer no public signal that they intend to step down in face of the criticism, despite an apparent offer to resign after Trump berated them and called them an “idiot” last year, according to The New York Times.
A separate document also obtained by The Salt Lake Tribune shows Ott received the 35-year home equity line deed of trust with a variable interest rate. The terms of the loan show the lender is capable of taking over the property to retrieve payment without going to court.
Houses in default typically are sold at auction, with the lender taking proceeds to satisfy the loan. County records show the property is the only home Ott owns in the county.
Ott's longtime friend and current aide Karmen Sanone said the matter would be straightened out quickly.
"Gary just found out about the notice of default today," Sanone said. "We have a meeting set up with the parties tomorrow to straighten it out."
The notice of default, combined with a mailbox that Wednesday was overflowing with mail and a notice on their door of water service shutoff for lack of payment, call into question where Ott resides. No one answered a knock at the door, and a banged-up blue sedan sat parked in the house's driveway.
As all elected county officials, they are required to reside with Salt Lake County. Through aides, they have insisted they abide by the residency requirement.
Still, Ott is under pressure from public officials who say it's time for them to step aside amid their absence from office, but there is little they can do to force the issue because they were elected to serve through 2020 and Utah law has no provision for removal in such circumstances.
Ott's chief deputy, Julie Dole, is effectively acting in their place. Dole, who receives a $140,166 base salary for their role, has said Ott has always had a hands-off style and chooses to delegate responsibilities to their employees.
Ott is also likely suffering from mental health issues that have rendered them unable to perform their public duties. Sanone told police in September that Ott has dementia, according to a police report following a welfare check on Ott at Sanone's Weber County home. Officers took Ott to the hospital after deeming they were a risk to himself.
When authorities got in contact with Sanone, they told a sheriff's deputy "that [Ott] does have dementia," according to police reports from the Sept. 2, incident.
Sanone on Wednesday said they should have been more specific with the deputy because dementia "is a broad term."
"If you talk about dementia as Alzheimer's then, no, it's not Alzheimer's," they said. "If you're talking about broad dementia where they may have trouble articulating, then maybe" they have that, they said.
Records also show North Ogden police checked on Ott at a grocery store last month, where an employee said an elderly man — later determined to be Ott — was confused and didn't know where they are. The officer dropped Ott off at Sanone's house.
Ott hasn't responded to multiple calls for comment to a number associated with him, and Sanone said they aren't available Wednesday. Sanone has said they are acting as a spokesperson for Ott, and this week they told county Republicans that Ott was willing to consider terms for their early retirement. The update was significant, as county officials have explored their options for forcing their resignation but found they are essentially limited to cutting their salary.
It's not clear whether Sanone is authorized to negotiate Ott's resignation from office, though a copy of their job description shows they are paid a base salary of $58,032 annually to perform a wide range of duties as Ott's exempt secretary.
NASHVILLE — Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup against the Dolphins.
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston.
"I've been able to get out there for a little bit, but the majority of practice I do a lot of rehab. My first and foremost goal is to get healthy, and that's what I've been working on," Mariota said Friday.
Mariota said they need to have some mobility in order to be able to play. The Titans (2-2) are talking about letting them take part in Saturday's walk-through. But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when the list of inactives is due.
"I think if I'm able to move around and am able to hand the ball off, and am able to drop back, then I'll definitely play," Mariota said. "It's a tough decision. It's a decision that was made this past Sunday in Houston. It's never easy for an athlete. To that point, I'm going to do my best to get healthy, and hopefully, I'll be ready to go."
Titans coach Mike Mularkey said they didn't want Mariota doing much in practice, preferring the quarterback to heal up.
"We're not putting them to a point where they could make it any worse, so they actually feel pretty good right now," Mularkey said.
If Mariota is unable to start, then backup Matt Cassel will start. They took the bulk of the first-team reps in practice this week after struggling last week coming off the bench. Cassel was intercepted twice with one returned for a touchdown and stripped of the ball when sacked.
Brandon Weeden, signed Tuesday as insurance, would be the backup if Mariota does not play.
Both wide receiver Corey Davis and safety Johnathan Cyprien as out again this week. Both players have missed multiple weeks with hamstring injuries of their own.
Snoop may seem an unlikely guest for a festival where high-brow foodies come for $500-a-plate dinners to mingle with chefs like José Andrés and Daniel Boulud, but it's emblematic of the widening intersection between food and music that Snoop and other rappers and hip-hop stars are capitalizing on, where unlikely pairings form shows like VH1's "Martha & Snoop's Potluck Dinner Party" and rappers like 2 Chainz drop cookbooks along with their albums. Mobb Deep rapper Prodigy, who served time in prison, recently came out with the cookbook "commissary kitchen: my infamous prison cookbook," which includes a recipe that mixes Ramen noodles and Doritos. You can even buy Rap Snacks, honey jalapeño potato chips with Fetty Wap's face on the bag.
On a recent episode of Snoop and Martha Stewart's VH1 show, they roasted a whole pig, proclaiming the new way to eat pork was "nose to tail."
"Nah, nah, nah. In the 'hood we say from the rooter to the tooter," says Snoop, who helped Stewart make a Cuban mojito, busting out a quippy rhyme before toasting the audience. (Snoop brings their Wellness Retreat tour to Usana Amphitheatre on Saturday, see box for details.)
Earlier this month, Miami rapper Rick Ross tapped Stewart to announce the debut of their new album on Twitter. The queen of homemaking also included a photo of them holding a cake with Ross' album cover on top.
Rev Run of the rap group Run-DMC has also become a fixture on the food scene with the Cooking Channel's "Rev Run's Sunday Suppers." The father of six told The Associated Press that cooking is more about family time and less about the creative process for him.
"Music, like food, has no language barriers. When people hear music or eat tasty food, all of a sudden we have something in common," they said.
Marketing experts say Stewart and the Food Network, which sponsors the South Beach festival, are using the partnerships to stay fresh and relevant.
"Some of the folks in the food industry are trying to appeal to a younger audience and associate their brands with that," said Darren Seifer, food and beverage industry analyst for the NPD Group.
But it's not all about inking new business deals. Some artists were busy in the kitchen long before they started making music.
Rapper Flava Flav grew up cooking in their family's soul-food diner. Before bursting onto the music scene with the group Public Enemy, they went to cooking school and says they once are the head chef at the Nassau County Courthouse in New York.
"It's like music — you're always creating different tastes, different flavors," they said in a phone interview.
He's had several restaurants, mostly centered on their fried chicken, that have closed due to "poor management," they said. Rockhouse Las Vegas is currently featuring their grub and they said they hope to open another restaurant.
Rapper 2 Chainz, whose hits include "Champions," dropped a cookbook with one of their albums, featuring recipes for beer-steamed snow crab legs and herb-crusted lamb chops. But he's struggled in the food business after the Department of Health recently gave their Atlanta tapas restaurant a dismal inspection.
Action Bronson often rhymes in culinary speak. The rapper, whose first album included tracks titled "Jerk Chicken," "Shiraz" and "Brunch," went to culinary school for a year before dropping out and pursuing music.
In an episode of their profanely titled Viceland show, they prepare chicken cutlets with a sesame panko crust that they serve with Mexican chocolate sauce, ice cream, flambéed Hennessy bananas and torched marshmallows, calling it "a fat guy sandwich."
R&B singer Kelis, whose music intersected with hip-hop and is perhaps best known for "Milkshake," went to Le Cordon Bleu after hitting the charts, leading to a cookbook, a pop-up restaurant in London and an album titled "Food," with songs like "Jerk Ribs," "Cobbler" and "Biscuits n' Gravy."
"I love working with my hands and getting to create something," said the singer, who is planning to open a restaurant in Los Angeles later this year. "It's very different than music. … You can't really control what you hear. They have to hear it, whereas food is a choice."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CAPE ADARE, ANTARCTICA -- Ice, penguins, whales. Antarctica is known for lots of things, and researchers just made a fruitful find!
The Antarctic Heritage Trust from New Zealand found a 106-year-old fruit cake. Antarctica's freezing conditions helped preserve the century old dessert, and even though the tin case was rusted, scientists say the cake itself still looked and smelled edible!
Which got us thinking, what other foods have stood the test of time?
Number one: Twinkies! Duh! Some people say Twinkies could actually survive a nuclear bomb!
We all know, McDonald's never goes bad.
Last but not least, the ice cream sandwich that just won't melt!
Speaking of ice cream, the International Space Station is about to get a very special delivery. SpaceX launched their rocket up to the ISS on Monday that was full of science and one sweet treat: ice cream!
The rocket freezer was filled with vanilla, chocolate, and birthday cake ice cream. It should last astronauts for about a month, which is when the rocket comes back down.
These treats are the real deal! Not that weird astronaut food in a pouch. Let's hope they don't get lost in space and found a hundred years later.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — The quarterbacks competing for the starting job at Kansas know each other about as well as anyone.
That's because they happen to be roommates.
But don't think for a moment that sophomore Carter Stanley and junior college transfer Peyton Bender are living in some kind of awkward, surreal bubble. The reality is they're best friends, on the field and off, and they would rather root for each other than harbor any kind of grudge.
“It's definitely a different feel than what I've had in the past,” said Stanley, who started the final three games last season and led the Jayhawks to a surprising upset of Texas.
“It's fun to compete against Peyton,” they continued. “He's a great guy. We'll give each other tips from time to time about what we're seeing, whether it's coverage or maybe we saw an open pattern.”
Mostly, though, they talk about anything and everything besides football.
“We have similar interests,” Bender said, “so I think that's how we've become good friends. Just when we're away from the field, we don't really talk about it too much. But when we're on the field, we are going head-to-head and we know that. I think that's how we maintain a good relationship.”
Kansas coach David Beaty has been in no hurry to appoint a starting quarterback, even with the Sept. 2 opener against Southeast Missouri State fast approaching. He'd rather give both candidates ample chance to earn the starting nod, and they haven't ruled out a two-quarterback system.
In truth, Stanley probably deserved to have the edge at the start of fall camp.
The Jayhawks' quarterback situation has been a disaster for the better part of a decade, ever since Todd Reesing led them to the Orange Bowl in 2008. Inability has bred instability, and the result has been offenses that have routinely ranked in the bottom of the Big 12.
But when they checked in for the first time last season, Stanley brought to the field an unmistakable swagger. They aren't daunted by the challenge of leading a long-downtrodden program, even against opponents with far more talent, and their scrambling ability to make plays quickly endeared them to fans.
Their comeback win over the Longhorns also helped.
“The thing that was a little bit difficult for me for Carter was that they were such a runner,” Beaty said. “I mean, he's an athletic guy. They ran them a bunch at Vero Beach (in high school). We just didn't do a whole lot of that. We didn't do a whole lot of that early. But we're doing some of that now.”
Meanwhile, Bender arrived with a skillset more suited to Beaty's preferred “Air Raid” system.
They spent two years with Mike Leach at Washington State, redshirting the first and playing part of the second, before leaving the Pac-12 school. They wound up last year at Itawamba Community College, where they threw for 2,733 yards and 21 touchdowns with only four interceptions in nine games.
“His familiarity was instant when they walked in the door,” Beaty said, “which gave us a great opportunity to truly evaluate him, because they already understood the concepts. The kid's very talented.
“He's got as nice of an arm as I've been around. Unbelievably quick release, very smart guy.”
Beaty acknowledged the differences between the more athletic Stanley and the strong-armed Bender, but they also pointed out that they have plenty in common. Both have strong grasps of the offense, natural leadership skills and the kind of moxie that it takes to win in the Big 12.
That's just on the field, too.
“Those two guys live together. They are really, really close friends,” Beaty said, “and it's going to be a battle because both of them want to take that job. And the other thing that I talk to these guys all the time about is, if you just look at our league over the last two to three years, very few of us have been able to go through the entire schedule with just one guy playing the entire year.
“So for us, we feel very fortunate that we have two really capable guys right now at that place.”
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CHICAGO (AP) — A 19-year-old man has been charged with first-degree murder in the killing of an 11-year-old Chicago girl who was shot in the head over the weekend.
Chicago Police suspect Antwan C. Jones in the shooting of Takiya Holmes. They died Tuesday.
Takiya was among at least three children shot in Chicago in recent days.
Police say 2-year-old Lavontay White was fatally shot Tuesday when someone opened fire on a vehicle they were in with two adults. Police suspect the man in the vehicle who also died was the target of a gang hit. And authorities said Tuesday that a 12-year-old girl also shot over the weekend remains in critical condition.
Advertisement
Jones doesn't have a listed number to pursue comment.
Division Three
Lannléire 1-10 Sean McDermott's 1-6
Lannléire maintained their winning run in Division Three following a home victory over Sean McDermott's on Sunday.
The Dunleer men led 1-7 to 0-3 at the break with full-forward Paul Callan registering their all-important goal.
McDermott's battled back after half-time with Tony Kelly themselves bagging a major, although Lannléire were always in control with Colin Murphy getting their name on the scoresheet twice to keep their impressive recent run going.
Killian Gregory and Pierce Hawkins caught the eye for hosts, contributing to the scoreboard on several occasions.
Off the bench, Lorcan Myles offered stern resistance for the McDermott's in the second half, however, their efforts were in vain at full-time as Lannléire picked up their third win which moves them clear at the summit ahead of a midweek visit to Cuchulainn Gaels.
Lannléire: John King; Thomas Doyle, Paul McGeough, Caoimhín Maher; Gary Monaghan, Ian Mulroy, Briain McGuinness (0-1); Andrew Dowd, Pierce Hawkins (0-2); Alan Murphy (0-1), Colin Murphy (0-2), Killian Gregory (0-4); Paul Doyle, Paul Callan (1-0), Bob Murphy
Subs: Niall Lennon, Liam Callan, Shane Kennedy, James Torris
Sean McDermott's: Stephen Carrie; Kevin McGahon, Seán McMahon, BJ Matthews; Danny Commins, Peter Osborne, Ian Corbally; Declan Carroll, Patrick Osborne; Emmet Duffy (0-1), Kevin McMahon, David O'Neill; David McArdle, Tony Kelly (1-0), Cormac Walsh (0-1)
Sub: Lorcan Ludden, Alan O'Neill, Lorcan Myles (0-4)
Referee: Tommy McEnteggart (O'Raghallaigh's)
Colorado Avalanche center Nathan MacKinnon is congratulated by teammates on the bench after scoring a goal against the Detroit Red Wings during the second period of an NHL hockey game on Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Denver. (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
Colorado Avalanche center Nathan MacKinnon is congratulated by teammates on the bench after scoring a goal against the Detroit Red Wings during the second period of an NHL hockey game on Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Denver. (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
DENVER (AP) - This illustrates just how well things have been going for Nathan MacKinnon: They fanned on a shot, got it back, skated to the other side, launched the puck toward the net, hit a defender and in it goes.
"Lucky," they said.
They all count the same.
MacKinnon kept up their torrid scoring with two goals and an assist, Semyon Varlamov was sharp in making 37 saves and the Colorado Avalanche extended Detroit's skid to 10 straight games by beating the Red Wings 5-1 on Sunday.
Gabriel Landeskog, Blake Comeau and Tyson Barrie also scored to help the Avalanche remain in playoff position with 10 games remaining. The Avs have 86 points after finishing with a league-low 48 last season.
"I like the way we're playing. A lot of good. There's a lot of good," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. "We're competing harder than we've competed all year I feel like during this stretch. There's a sense of urgency to our game."
MacKinnon remains among the league's top scoring leaders with 89 points. Their goal in the second period gave Colorado a 3-0 lead and came on a backhand with Niklas Kronwall trying to cover him.
The defenseman couldn't.
The 22-year-old MacKinnon sealed the win with their 38th of the season in the third period - on a wraparound that hit off a Detroit defenseman and deflected in.
It's just the way things have been going for him.
Soon after, they were serenaded with "MVP" chants. Their coach doesn't disagree after MacKinnon became the first Colorado player to score more than 36 goals in a season since 2002-03, when Milan Hejduk had 50.
"I can't imagine there's another player that means more to their team and doing more for their team than what Nate's doing for us," Bednar said. "That's just the way I see it.  They are the driving force to our offense and it's consistent."
Justin Abdelkader had a goal for the Red Wings, who fell to 0-9-1 during a winless streak in which they've been outscored by a 41-19 margin. It's the team's longest winless streak since a 12-game run in 1989.
"We're so far back, but every time we put on the Red Wings logo, you go out and play the hardest you can," captain Henrik Zetterberg said.
Varlamov showed no signs of fatigue despite playing in their 17th straight game (15 starts). He's been pressed into more duty of late with backup Jonathan Bernier sidelined by a concussion.
Barrie's goal late in the third came with a two-man advantage and extended their points streak to 10 straight games. Abdelkader, who was in the penalty box, was given a misconduct after the goal and sent to the locker room. They slammed their stick on the way out.
"It's frustration. It's not fun," Abdelkader said. "We've just got to continue to stick together here. It's not one guy, it's not two guys, it's not three guys that are going to do it. It's a team of 20."
Colorado remains tough at home, improving to 15-2-1 over its last 18 games at the Pepsi Center.
The Avs scored on a pair of tip-ins during a dominant first period - one by Landeskog and another by Comeau.
An injury-riddled Colorado team received a big boost with defenseman Erik Johnson and forward Vladislav Kamenev returning to the ice Sunday. It didn't take Johnson long to make their presence felt, dishing out a big hit in the opening seconds. He's been sidelined by an upper-body injury since they were hurt against Edmonton on Feb. 18.
Kamenev has been out since November with a broken arm. They were acquired as part of the three-team trade that sent Matt Duchene to Ottawa.
"Right now we are feeling very confident," Barrie said.
NOTES: Detroit D Jonathan Ericsson played in their 600th career NHL game. ... Red Wings goaltender Jared Coreau made 26 stops. ... Landeskog and Mikko Rantanen each had two assists. ... D Patrik Nemeth took a high-stick to the face in the third period and appeared to lose a tooth.
UP NEXT
Red Wings: Host Philadelphia on Tuesday night after concluding a five-game trip.
Avalanche: At Chicago on Tuesday night before returning home for two games.
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By The Associated Press
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — The latest on Venezuela's political crisis (all times local):
4:20 p.m.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is asking the pro-government constitutional assembly to investigate the opposition for allegedly supporting Donald Trump's threat of a “military option” to resolve the country's political crisis.
Addressing a pro-government rally, Maduro said Monday that Trump's remarks were prompted by the failure of the opposition's campaign to oust them after months of destabilizing protests that left more than 120 dead and hundreds injured.
Maduro says the truth commission created by the constitutional assembly should investigate opposition leaders as “traitors” for not speaking out clearly against the U.S. president.
The main opposition alliance rejected the use of military threats to resolve Venezuela's crisis. But its Sunday statement didn't mention Trump by name and instead accused Maduro of ceding Venezuelan sovereignty and oil wealth to Cuba and other powers.
___
2:45 p.m.
Germany is calling on Venezuela to release all political prisoners and end its forceful crackdown on the opposition.
Government spokesperson Steffen Seibert says Germany backs last week's resolution by a dozen mostly Latin American countries and Canada condemning the breakdown of democracy under Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Seibert said Monday that Venezuela's new constitutional assembly is “illegitimate.”
They told reporters in Berlin that Germany wants “a peaceful return to democratic order. There must be an end to indiscriminate arrests and excessive violence against the opposition.”
Seibert also called for deposed chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz to be protected and political prisoners to be released.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
1:21 Justin Atkins wins Forrest Wood Cup Pause
1:10 Candlelight Vigil in Solidarity With Charlottesville, Virginia.
1:19 What you need to know to view the eclipse in Columbia
0:48 How a new rule could better protect pets
1:58 Observations from Week 2 of South Carolina football practice
2:34 Will Muschamp announces injuries, one player will miss 2017
0:38 The progress Muschamp saw from Jake Bentley in scrimmage
1:28 SCE&G and VC Summer: By the numbers
1:38 Still need solar eclipse glasses? Make sure they're legit
Kangana Ranauts journey in Bollywood is remarkable with roles that got their National Film Awards thrice.  They are now geared up for their next, “Manikarnika…”, “Mental Hai Kya” and a sports drama directed by Ashwini Iyer Tiwari. The actor says they are someone who has always taken on diverse roles, has broken most stereotypes and believes in being off the beaten path.
Talking about “Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi“, Kangana, a Reebok brand ambassador, told IANS in an e-mail interview: “I met with a nerve-wracking accident while shooting the film. It left me with a scar on my forehead. But when I look back now, I carry this scar with pride. I am nowhere close to Jhansi Ki Rani, but their story definitely gave me courage and strength to do this physically challenging part.”
“I am someone who has always taken on diverse roles and broken most stereotypes,” they added.
“Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi” is an epic biographical film based on the life of Rani Laxmibai of Jhansi. Kangana plays the lead role.
 They are also a part of psychological thriller “Mental Hai Kya”, in which they share screen space with their “Queen” co-star Rajkummar Rao. Kangana hopes the audience will like this film too.
“We really don't know about success and failure since it is not in our hands, but the script is nice and we are having a good time shooting the film. I hope the audiences like the film,” said Kangana, who is currently busy filming this project.
After that, they will start working on Ashwini Iyer Tiwari's sports drama in which they play a kabaddi player.
“I am really looking forward to working with her,” Kangana said.
Experimentation has been a constant in Kangana's career. They have donned a never-seen-before avatar for a new video campaign for fitness brand Reebok.
The actor is seen flipping tyres, doing handstand push-ups, box jumps, kick boxing and is even seen doing monkey bar exercises on a scaffolding, in a series of videos.
Kangana says fitness is a way of life.
“I strongly believe that it helps me become a better version of myself physically, while also contributing immensely to my mental strength. The power of the mind is such that once I set my heart and mind on something, I will strive to achieve it no matter what.
“I believe in taking the road less travelled, discovering new things about myself and pushing my own boundaries to reach a newer, better, fitter and stronger space,” said Kangana, who won the National Film awards multiple times for “Tanu Weds Manu Returns”, “Queen” and “Fashion”.
The 31- year-old is someone who also faced tough times in Bollywood. But they say that has not changed them as a person.
“I am a straightforward person. I have always said exactly what is on my mind and voiced my opinion on what I believe is right — whether it is in my personal life, or professional. My experiences, whether good or bad, have definitely helped me evolve and made me who I am today,” they said.
Working hard and giving them best to everything that they do, have been key to them
“The best feeling is being able to do something you think you wouldn't be able to. It is this high that I enjoy and what pushes me to brave any obstacles laid out for me,” said Kangana.
This year, Kangana made heads turn at their debut appearance at the Cannes Film Festival. They were seen in their boldest avatar during their appearance at the film gala, receiving both appreciation and criticism.
They call it a fulfilling trip.
“Being a part of the fashion industry always comes with its pros and cons. There is always positive and negative criticism around any actor and the only way to overcome that is by being yourself. Cannes has been memorable this year as I had the opportunity to showcase another side of myself,” said the actor.
Americorps students and Seabees are working together to build a community food pantry, which will be installed and dedicated in the Gaston Point area later this week.
THE Texas prosecutor who successfully pursued a 40-year jail sentence for Scott Zirus has branded the West Australian pedophile a “talented manipulator”.
Zirus, nicknamed “Zirus the Virus” in Texas for the way they used their job as a camp counsellor in the US state in 2009 to groom and then sexually abuse five young boys, has applied for a prison transfer from the harsh Texas jail system to their home state of Western Australia where they also face child molestation charges.
WA authorities plan to prosecute Zirus when they complete their US sentence and is deported to Australia, but Zirus wrote in their transfer application it was “extremely unfair” on the four boys they allegedly abused in WA to wait for them to serve the long US sentence.
Amos Barton, who was the Kerr County District Attorney in 2010 who prosecuted Zirus and is now a high-profile lawyer in Kerrville, Texas, scoffed at the paedophile's concern for the boys and their families.
“I am not surprised that Mr Zirus would like a change of accommodations from our Texas prison system, nor am I surprised that they would leverage a contrived desire for justice for their WA victims to help themselves out,” Mr Barton told AAP on Wednesday.
“He is a talented manipulator.”
Zirus is housed at the French M. Robertson maximum-security state prison in Abilene, Texas.
The paedophile, formerly from Pinjarra, WA, ran their own children's camp in Australia.
With their tales about the Australian outback, performances of Aboriginal “kangaroo hunt” dances and ability to play the digeridoo, the then 25-year-old appeared to be a great recruit for Texas' Camp Stewart for Boys.
When parents of the five boys they abused picked their six and seven-year-olds up from the camp they noticed dramatic personality changes.
Some of the victims' parents told AAP Zirus would sleep in a bunk in a cabin with boys.
“Our son said, 'He'd snuggle me in bed and rub their beard against me even though I didn't want them to and they told me they loved me',” the mother of a seven-year- old told AAP after Zirus' 2010 sentencing.
Zirus faced a life prison sentence, but on the eve of their trial agreed to a maximum 40 years' jail, with a minimum of 20.
Mr Barton said they expected Zirus would serve the full 40 years “or very near that” because of the nature of their crimes.
Zirus has applied to the Australian Attorney-General's Department and US leaders for the prisoner transfer.
“I think it would be right and fitting for Mr Zirus to accept responsibility for their crimes in WA and accept an appropriate sentence in abstentia without attempting to use their WA victims as leverage to leave the Texas prison system,” Mr Barton said.
Louth TD Declan Breathnach has spoken out today about the need for "proper information sharing between the Gardaí and the PSNI" to prevent tragedies, such as the case of Carrickmacross man Shane O'Farrell who was killed while cycling home in August 2011, from happening again.
Shane was struck by a car in a hit and run. The driver, a Lithuanian national, had previous convictions - including for aggravated burglary, handling stolen property and road traffic offences.
They had been arrested in Newry for theft just two weeks before Shane died.
"I was aware of the tragic loss and concern of Lucia O'Farrell and their family on the death of their beloved son Shane," said Breathnach when speaking to The Democrat today.
"In July 2016 I met Shane's mum Lucia. I was taken aback by the detail, research and forensic evidence they had compiled on the deeply concerning failure of our justice system both inside the 26 counties and beyond that could or would allow the driver of the car involved in the killing of Shane O'Farrell escape the full rigours of the law.
"On receiving the evidence presented to me I arranged for Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin and Justice Spokesperson Jim O'Callaghan to meet Lucia for them to present their case to them," they continued.
The need for the sharing of criminal records between the north and south is vitally important, according to Mr Breathnach.
"I will continue to work with all to ensure that this case is resolved through a public inquiry as it is patently obvious to anyone reading the current published GSOC Report that there is an added danger that criminals can move 'willy nilly' in and out of our jurisdiction unimpeded by their record not being properly shared by other Justice Departments, Court Services and not to mention the PSNI and the Gardaí.
"I spoke in the Dáil today in the matter saying that this is a cross-party issue, and all wish to see a public inquiry so that this is not allowed happen again.
"I also stated that until we have proper information sharing between the Gardaí and the PSNI, people will continue to be allowed move freely between both jurisdictions which will have grave consequences for public safety and in the area of child protection," Breathnach added.
Speaking in the Dail today, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said they were not ruling out the possibility of a public inquiry but said it could take "many years" to complete. They also said the GSOC was an independent body and their report was complete.
Primary school students will get the opportunity to have their artwork painted on a new footpath sweeper.
The sweeper belongs to the Town of Port Hedland and an art competition is being run to decorate the vehicle.
Spinifex Hill artist Annabella Flatt ran a short workshop with all five primary schools, where they taught them about their style of painting and talked about how they use colour.
Ms Flatt is often involved with art activities in the schools and loves being able to pass on their passion to the next generation.
“Art allows me to show how I feel inside on a canvas and it makes me feel better. I hope to be able to pass on to the kids how to express themselves in the same way,” they said. “Art saved my life. I was drinking and homeless until I started painting, and it helped me get my act together, be a better mother to my kids and even get us a house.”
Children had the chance to do their own paintings using what they learnt and have submitted them to the civic centre for judging.
Town of Port Hedland Mayor Camilo Blanco said it was great to get kids involved with the community.
“Projects like this give them an understanding of our assets and help them know they can all contribute something to the town,” they said.
A panel will be judging the best design and the winning artwork will be printed onto a sticker to go on the middle panel of the vehicle.
Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market by Source ( Microbial Source, Animal Source, Plant Source) by Form / State ( Liquid, Powder, Gel) by End User ( Food, Animal Feed, Chemicals) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/glyceryl-ester-hydrolase-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market : Source Type
• Microbial Source
• Animal Source
• Plant Source
Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market : Form Type
• Liquid
• Powder
• Gel
Glyceryl Ester Hydrolase Market : End User
• Food
• Animal Fee
• Chemicals
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/glyceryl-ester-hydrolase-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
By
The Kentucky Department of Agriculture (KDA) is seeking concept proposals for 2018 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding, Agriculture Commissioner Ryan Quarles has announced. Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticultural products, nursery crops (including floriculture), and honey. For more information about the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program contact Josh Lindau at (502) 782-4115.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
“This funding is intended for projects that make Kentucky specialty crops more competitive in both domestic and foreign markets,” Commissioner Quarles said. “Specialty crops make up a significant part of Kentucky's agricultural economy, and there is plenty of room for growth. We look forward to another round of creative proposals.”
Applicants should describe how the project potentially affects and produces measurable outcomes for the specialty crop industry and/or the public. Single organizations, institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as project partners. All projects are subject to the availability of funds.
Preliminary proposals must be submitted by email to Josh Lindau at joshua.lindau@ky.gov no later than 4:30 p.m. EST on March 1, 2018. Qualifying applicants will be notified and invited to complete a full grant application.
The KDA receives grant funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS). The KDA conducts an annual competitive application process to award grant funds.
For more information about the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, go to kyagr.com/marketing/crop-block-grant.html or contact Josh Lindau at (502) 782-4115 or joshua.lindau@ky.gov.
MISSISSAUGA, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - MedX Health Corp. ("MedX") (TSX VENTURE: MDX) is pleased to announce that it has appointed Dr. Dennis Reich to its Medical/Scientific Advisory Board. Dr. Reich is a successful entrepreneur and medical technology advisor as well as a practicing physician.  They are President of the Sudbury Primacy Medical Centre, a collaborative medical clinic advancing the utilization of the latest in medical technology, and is a principal investigator in medical trials.
"Dennis brings a combination of medical expertise and scientific innovation in the medical field, and an astute business sense. We are very pleased that they have joined our Medical/Scientific Advisory Board," said Robert von der Porten, President and CEO of MedX. "He brings a valuable perspective as a physician on the operational aspects of medical clinics in Canada as well as demonstrated success in the commercialization of numerous medical technologies."
"I am excited to be part of an exceptional team with a vision to bring an array of technologies to market that will ultimately save lives, reduce hospital diagnostic wait times, and reduce overall healthcare costs in our country. MedX's SIAscopy is a ground-breaking diagnostic tool that will enable people to easily have their moles and lesions scanned and be assessed remotely by qualified dermatologists using the Ontario Telemedicine Network. This cost effective ease-of-access solution will increase the assessment of suspicious skin conditions, an important step in catching skin cancers early," Dr. Reich said.
Dr. Reich is president and co-founder of SilverThink Ltd., founded in 2014, an incubator of multiple innovative medical technologies.  They are also Board Secretary, Northern Ontario Angels, one Canada's most successful angel investing groups, and is a business mentor with the Northern Ontario Regional Innovation Centre (NORCAT).
Dr. Reich has a B.Sc. Biochemistry from Laurentian University, a MD from Queen's University University in 1996 and received a family practice degree, CCFP, from University of Ottawa and the Northern Ontario School of Medicine in 1998. Dr. Reich is a past president of the Sudbury and District Medical Society and has sat on the Ontario Medical Association Council in the past.
About MedX
MedX, headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, is a leading medical device company focused on skin cancer with its SIAscopy technology. This technology is imbedded in its products SIAMETRICS™, SIMSYS™, and MoleMate™, which MedX manufactures in its ISO 13485 certified facility. SIAMETRICS™, SIMSYS™, and MoleMate™ include hand-held devices that use patented technology utilizing light and its remittance to view up to 2 mm beneath suspicious moles and lesions in a pain free, non-invasive manner, with its software then creating real-time images for physicians and dermatologists to evaluate all types of moles or lesions within seconds. The devices are sold to physicians and clinics, as well as being deployed in pharmacies and remote clinics from where the images are sent to dermatologists who perform a diagnosis. These products are Health Canada, FDA (US), ARTG and CE approved for use in Canada, the US, Australia, the European Union and Turkey. SIAMETRICS™ is a unique product used in a specialized market for research into the clinical effectiveness of medical treatments of certain skin conditions. MedX also designs, manufactures and distributes quality laser and light therapy technologies for use in numerous medical settings, approved in major jurisdictions, to provide drug free and non-invasive treatment of tissue damage and pain. For more information and a complete profile of MedX and its products visit www.medxhealth.com.
The Michener Award is Canada's highest honour for meritorious public service journalism, awarded for the kind of work that asks uncomfortable questions, makes decision-makers squirm and, sometimes, even changes laws.
On Wednesday night at Rideau Hall, Gov. Gen. David Johnston awarded the Michener to Postmedia's London Free Press for an acclaimed series, Indiscernible, that chronicled the jailhouse death of a man with mental illness who fell between the cracks of Ontario's correctional and justice systems, taking their own life in a segregation cell.
Ottawa Citizen reporter Matthew Pearson was also honoured as the recipient of this year's Michener-Deacon Fellowship for Journalism Education.
Pearson, who covers city hall, plans to develop a teaching module for journalism instructors and an online portal for newsrooms across Canada to help students and working journalists better understand trauma and its impact. They will also organize a multi-disciplinary symposium at the university for journalism students to hear from experts on trauma and to speak with journalists who have covered traumatic events, both domestically and internationally.
Anchored by reporter Randy Richmond, the eight-part London series represented a newsroom-wide commitment to a strong local news story with major provincial implications — no small challenge in an era when traditional journalism is under siege.
Reporters, editors, visual and digital specialists in the London newsroom worked together to dissect the story of St. Thomas, Ont. realtor Jamie High and, ultimately, to expose the gaps in public services that failed them in the end.
Johnston presented the award to Free Press editor-in-chief Joe Ruscitti at Wednesday's ceremony.
‘It takes a special reporter to be stubborn enough to pursue such a tangled story, and that's what Randy Richmond is. But it also takes a whole newsroom when it's as small as the one at the Free Press,” said Ruscitti.
“Everyone in the room gave more so the work on the series could carry on over many months.
“So say what you want about the state of journalism in Canada and maybe especially local journalism; Indiscernible and all the Michener work from across the country say different,” they said.
In its nomination, The Free Press was praised by the award jury for going to the lengths it did over two years to both investigate and tell High's story.
“The eloquent, gripping and tragic series exposed serious shortfalls and produced changes in policing, bail, community and hospital mental health care, the relationships between hospitals and police, the role of courts, and the treatment of inmates,” the jury wrote.
“The London Free Press's work exemplifies the critical value of local media relentlessly pursuing stories and seeking accountability to counter what too many others are willing to overlook and let slide as simply ‘indiscernible.' ”
Also named as finalists for the Michener were the Globe and Mail, La Presse, the Toronto Star, the National Observer, and a team from the Canadian Broadcasting Corp., Radio-Canada and the Toronto Star.
When a small office suite opened up right below Eastern Foundry's Crystal City location, the federal contracting incubator almost took a pass before deciding to try out a new membership tier for its growing client base.
The 6,175-square-feet space will be turned into four small suites with private offices, reception areas and a shared kitchen. The goal is to attract larger companies that want a foothold in the co-working world and are willing to pay $4,000 to $6,000 a month (the final pricing is yet to be determined) to be a part of Eastern Foundry's incubator community, CEO Andrew Chang told me.
“Believe it or not, that is kind of where the market seems to be going,” they said. “Larger companies want to take part in the co-working concept but they don't want the open desk idea — they just want their own space inside the co-working space.”
The expansion brings the incubator to about 27,000 square feet at 2011 Crystal Drive in Arlington; Eastern Foundry hopes to have the space completed…
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Toddlers in Rhode Island would have to ride in rear-facing car seats under a proposal now moving to the desk of Gov. Gina Raimondo.
Both chambers of the General Assembly voted Wednesday to send the legislation to the Democratic governor.
If signed into law, it would require car seats to face backward for all children until they're 2 years old.
Advocates say facing children toward the back of the vehicle dramatically lowers their risk of death or serious injury during crashes.
The state already requires children under age 8 to sit in a back seat using a federally-approved child restraint system such as a booster seat.
But rear-facing car seats for the youngest children are only a recommendation, not a requirement.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
A Prisoner made £5,000 from selling the synthetic cannabis drug ‘spice' to other inmates at Armley jail.
A court heard Nicholas Owen, 40, made the sum in eight months while being held at the Leeds prison. Owen was also able to make arrangements to have the money sent to their 21-year-old girlfriend Becky Shaw.
Leeds Crown Court heard prison officers became suspicious that Owen had been selling spice and searched their cell in April this year. They found mobile phones and documents containing the details of Shaw's Yorkshire Bank account.
Officers also found ‘dealer lists' containing the names of inmates who had bought the drug and the sums of money owed
Shaw was then arrested and their mobile phone was seized. The phones were analysed and texts were recovered referring to money being transferred from Owen to Shaw. One read: “OK love, trying to think how to make some cash for you.”
Another read: “Should be 30 or 40 through the letter box when you get in.” Nicoleta Alistari, prosecuting, said Shaw worked part time and had been financially dependent on Owen before they were sent to custody.
The court heard Owen's drug money was transferred to Shaw's online account via a third party or arrangements were made for another person to deliver cash to them Owen pleaded guilty to money laundering and an offence of dangerous driving, which they had originally been remanded in custody for. They were given a 27-month prison sentence.
Shaw, of Smawthorne Avenue, Castleford, pleaded guilty to money laundering. They were given a ten-month sentence, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work. The court heard Shaw and Owen are no longer in a relationship.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on their verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” They added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
___
Online: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http://twitter.com/vmsalama
In many ways, the 2018 Nissan 370Z you can buy new at a dealership for a starting price of $29,990 is the same car that entered the market nearly a decade ago. It certainly looks the same save for minor paint and trim updates, and it's only gained two (yes, two) horsepower since launching in 2009. Some people love that Nissan has stuck to a good thing, because the 370Z is a nice sports car. Many people, however, have been asking for some time now when a new-and-improved Z would surface. According to a report from Autocar, the answer to that question could now be 2020.
The British news outlet is reporting that a new Z is approved and slated for a debut late next year. It's reportedly known internally at Nissan as the Z35 and will pair up with the next-generation Infiniti Q60, possibly to be called the 400Z. Both models will share a rear-wheel drive platform, with power said to come from a biturbo V6 making approximately 400 horsepower (298 kilowatts).
It seems the sports car could also be billed more as an upmarket machine and be offered in Nismo trim with all-wheel drive and 475 hp (354 kW), though that version wouldn't arrive until 2021. If you're thinking that sounds less like a proper Z car and more like a slightly less expensive GT-R, you're not wrong. Then again, a current Nissan 370Z Nismo with 350 hp (261 kW) encroaches on $50,000 and it's a 10-year old design.
Now might be a good time to point out that these are just rumors. Autocar cites unnamed senior official at Nissan as the source for all this, but it's not like there hasn't been other rumors about the much-loved Z flying around the internet recently. We've heard that Nissan plans to keep its sports car around for awhile, and we've also heard that there aren't plans to do much with the car anytime soon. Just last week we heard rumors from a Japanese source that Nissan might partner with Mercedes-Benz on a new Z. With all the buzz happening right now about the new Supra, it's quite possible Nissan is looking to ride Toyota's coattails for a bit of publicity. It may also be a way for the automaker to help gauge whether or not a new Z is worth pursuing, because sales of the current 370Z are absolutely in the toilet.
Autocar says a production version of the new Z is slated to debut at the 2019 Los Angeles Auto Show, which is still a mighty long time away. Make no mistake – we'd love to see a new Z. But until we see some prototypes out testing, official teasers from Nissan, or something other than a 370Z with skis and tracks, we're taking the rumors with a grain of salt.
Source: Autocar
[India], Mar 19 (ANI): A Class 10 student from Jammu and Kashmir's Udhampur who was on a hunger strike demanding toilet facility in their house ended them fast on Monday.
The girl, Nisha Rani who is a resident of Kud village in Udhampur called off their strike after the local administration begun the construction of a toilet at their residence.
In a bid to promote Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Deputy Commissioner Udhampur of Ravinder Kumar along with other district administration officers had launched an awareness camp among the students of the Higher Secondary school in Kud to use of toilet instead of open defecation.
The girl who is a student of the school came home after the awareness session and sat on a hunger strike demanding toilet in their house. Today, the Deputy Commissioner had instructed the officials to go to the girl's house and begin the construction of toilet. (ANI)
Two suspects are still on the run after an attempted armed robbery at a southwest Topeka sandwich shop.
Topeka police say a man carrying a knife entered the Subway restaurant located at 2518 SW 17th St around 9 p.m. Saturday. When the suspect demanded money, store employees were able to run outside and call police.
According to a news release, the suspect was described as a six-foot tall, mixed-race male wearing a black hoodie with a “Zoo York” emblem, black pants and a black ski mask. They were also carrying a red bandana.
The suspect fled the scene in a black, four-door Nissan with tinted windows.
Witnesses described the driver of Nissan as a heavy-set, mixed-race woman, standing five-foot, six-inch tall. They were wearing a gray tank top and a multi-colored bandana on their head.
Police say a bystander threw ice cream at the Nissan as it fled the scene, heading north on SW Medford.
Anyone with information on the suspects or the vehicle used in the attempted robbery is asked to call Crime Stoppers at (785)234-0007.
NEW YORK (AP) — Prominent astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson has a suggestion for anyone with a view of next week's solar eclipse: Put down your smartphone and take in the phenomenon yourself.
Tyson told an audience at the American Museum of Natural History on Monday: “Experience this one emotionally, psychologically, physically.”
The Aug. 21 event will be the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to cross a coast-to-coast swath of the United States. A total solar eclipse happens when the moon passes between the earth and the sun, completely blotting out the sunlight.
Tyson, the director of the museum's Hayden Planetarium and host of the podcast “StarTalk,” said missing the eclipse “would be to not live as full a life as you could have” — and having a video of it doesn't match watching it happen.
“I get it — you want to look at it later. But then you would not have experienced it in the moment,” said Tyson, who also has appeared on the CBS sitcom “The Big Bang Theory.”
Their remarks resonated with Hanneke Weitering, who's traveling from Brooklyn to Nashville, Tennessee, to watch the eclipse. The 24-year-old marked the date in their calendar as a college undergraduate.
“I've been looking forward to it ever since,” they said.
For those unable to buy special glasses to view the sun safely, Tyson, recommends holding a spaghetti strainer to the ground and looking at the images it creates below, like a pinhole camera.
And however one views it, “recognize that, occasionally, things line up in ways that are uncommon or unusual, either in your life experience or for the earth itself,” they said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) - This has been an issue that has divided City Leaders for more than two years. Tomorrow, the City Council will meet discuss how to properly regulate short-term rentals. One plan was written by Councilwoman Barbara Bry, and is supported by Councilwoman Lori Zapf. Their plan allows homeowners with a permit to rent out their primary residences only and homes can be rented out on a short-term basis for no more than 90 days per year.
A billboard in Phoenix, Ariz., advertises for teachers to come to Texas for jobs Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000. The billboards went live on Monday, May 28, 2018, and will stay up for a month. (AP Photo/Astrid Galvan)
A billboard in Phoenix, Ariz., advertises for teachers to come to Texas for jobs Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000. The billboards went live on Monday, May 28, 2018, and will stay up for a month. (AP Photo/Astrid Galvan)
PHOENIX (AP) - A Texas school district has placed advertisements on Phoenix billboards in an attempt to recruit Arizona teachers to a city with higher pay.
The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000. The billboards went live on Monday and will stay up for a month.
The Fort Worth district is targeting veteran teachers looking for a change as well recent graduates seeking their first teaching job, said Clint Bond, a district spokesperson. The district, which serves about 86,000 students and has more than 10,000 employees, has up to 800 job openings.
The district is looking for teachers in both Oklahoma and Arizona, the sites of recent statewide protests over teacher pay. Arizona lawmakers approved a plan to hike teacher salaries after a six-day walkout by educators that shut down most schools statewide. The teachers' effort secured a 20 percent pay raise over three years from lawmakers and Republican Gov. Doug Ducey.
"That was the kind of passion, the kind of commitment, the kind of dedication to students we were looking for," Bond said.
Arizona was once a state that offered competitive salaries, drawing in teachers from outside the state, Arizona Education Association Vice President Marisol Garcia told KPNX-TV.
"We are losing and bleeding teachers to places like Fort Worth," Garcia said.
An offer of higher pay outside the state might be too good pass off, Garcia said.
"It might be a big chance to make money for your family," Garcia said.
In a statement from the governor office, a spokesperson said the state is working to retain teachers and districts are beginning to approve teacher raises.
"It's no surprise Texas is after our teachers. They are the best in the country. Gov. Ducey wants to do everything we can to keep great teachers here in the state of Arizona," the governor's office said.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — There has been a spike in violence in an eastern town in Saudi Arabia, where masked security forces patrol the streets in armored cars and come under fire from local Shiite militants.
Concerns in the town of al-Awamiya intensified after the kingdom's supreme court recently upheld the death sentence for 14 Shiites from the area who participated in anti-government protests and were accused of violence against police.
Shiites from al-Awamiya complain of discrimination as a minority in the Sunni-ruled kingdom.
Here's a look at the impact of the unrest and the death sentences:
WHAT ACTIVISTS ARE SAYING
Human rights groups and activists from al-Awamiya say the 14 men, most in their 20s, could be executed at any moment if the king signs off on the sentence.
Reprieve, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch allege the men's trial was unfair, saying the defendants' confessions were extracted under duress and that some did not have lawyers present in court. Three of the defendants were 17 years old when the alleged crimes were committed.
Among those facing execution is a young Saudi man who had been accepted at Western Michigan University before their arrest. This led to calls from around the world for King Salman to halt the executions, including from 10 Nobel Peace Prize winners and the American Federation of Teachers .
Meanwhile, activists from al-Awamiya say that the demolition of homes that is underway there is an attempt to erase the Shiite town's history and expel residents. They say the homes being demolished were surrounded by a centuries-old walled fortress. People from the town say they are facing collective punishment.
THE GOVERNMENT'S RESPONSE
In response to the outcry over the death sentences, the Saudi Justice Ministry issued a rare statement defending its judicial process and the verdicts. It said all defendants in Saudi Arabia are entitled to fair trials. The ministry's spokesperson, Mansour al-Qafari, said the 14 had been convicted of terrorist crimes, including the killing of civilians and security officers.
The spokesperson said the death penalty, handed down by a counterterrorism court, was reviewed by an appeals court and the supreme court, with both upholding the verdict. They added that the death sentence is only carried out for “the most dangerous crimes.”
Authorities describe armed militants in al-Awamiya as “terrorists” and say that parts of the town are being demolished because its narrow streets and alleys were being used by gunmen for cover. The government also says it is going to develop and rebuild the area so that the homes there comply with modern safety codes.
Security forces say militants have targeted police with rocket-propelled grenades and civilian demolition crews with improvised explosive devices.
REGION-WIDE IMPLICATIONS
The death sentences and violence in al-Awamiya threaten to further strain sectarian tensions in the region.
The execution last year of prominent Saudi Shiite cleric Nimr al-Nimr, who led protests in al-Awamiya, led to the severing of ties between the two rivals, the Sunni-ruled kingdom and the Shiite power Iran. The two are locked in a power struggle and back warring sides in Syria, Iraq and Yemen, as well as opposing groups in Lebanon and Bahrain.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
April 18, 2017
by Nirmala George, The Associated Press
NEW DELHI—British police have arrested Indian business tycoon Vijay Mallya in London on behalf of authorities in India, where they are wanted on charges of money laundering and bank demands that they pay back more than a billion dollars in loans extended to their now-defunct airline.
Mallya was arrested after showing up in a police station early Tuesday, said a statement from the Metropolitan Police in London. At a preliminary hearing, Mallya was granted conditional bail and released with the case adjourned until May 17.
In New Delhi, the government hailed Mallya's arrest, saying it would not spare anyone who indulged in fraud.
“Mallya will be brought back to India. The government is working toward it. No one will be spared,” said Santosh Gangwar, the junior minister for finance.
India's Enforcement Directorate, now investigating the liquor baron's debts totalling 94 billion rupees ($1.45 billion), asked a New Delhi court last year to demand Mallya's presence during proceedings.
At the time, it said Mallya was not co-operating with investigators, and three times ignored their summons to give evidence.
Mallya was famous for their flashy lifestyle and lavish parties attended by fashion models and Bollywood stars. They were once hailed as India's version of British tycoon Richard Branson for their investments in a brewing and liquor company, an airline, a Formula One team and an Indian Premier League cricket club.
But they ran into trouble when they failed to repay millions of dollars in loans and left India last year amid attempts by a group of banks to recover the money.
The failure of Kingfisher Airlines, which they launched in 2005, began their slippery slide into debt and triggered the collapse of several of their businesses. The Indian government in 2012 suspended the airline's license after it failed to pay pilots and engineers for months.
They had been living in the United Kingdom since March 2016 and had refused to return to India to face trial.
India cancelled their passport and began an extradition process asking the U.K. government to deport them to India.
India's Central Bureau of Investigation, the country's equivalent of the FBI, had charged the beleaguered tycoon with cheating and conspiracy for defaulting on a 9 billion rupee loan, given in 2009. The loan was intended to buy aircraft parts, but Mallya was accused of having transferred it abroad.
WASHINGTON -- People may be happier when they feel the emotions they desire, even if those emotions are unpleasant, such as anger or hatred, according to research published by the American Psychological Association.
"Happiness is more than simply feeling pleasure and avoiding pain. Happiness is about having experiences that are meaningful and valuable, including emotions that you think are the right ones to have," said lead researcher Maya Tamir, PhD, a psychology professor at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. "All emotions can be positive in some contexts and negative in others, regardless of whether they are pleasant or unpleasant."
The cross-cultural study included 2,324 university students in eight countries: the United States, Brazil, China, Germany, Ghana, Israel, Poland and Singapore. The research, which was published online in the Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, is the first study to find this relationship between happiness and experiencing desired emotions, even when those emotions are unpleasant, Tamir said.
Participants generally wanted to experience more pleasant emotions and fewer unpleasant emotions than they felt in their lives, but that wasn't always the case. Interestingly, 11 percent of the participants wanted to feel fewer transcendent emotions, such as love and empathy, than they experienced in daily life, and 10 percent wanted to feel more unpleasant emotions, such as anger or hatred. There was only a small overlap between those groups.
For example, someone who feels no anger when reading about child abuse might think they should be angrier about the plight of abused children, so they want to feel more anger than they actually do in that moment, Tamir said. A woman who wants to leave an abusive partner but isn't willing to do so may be happier if they loved them less, Tamir said.
Participants were surveyed about the emotions they desired and the emotions they actually felt in their lives. They also rated their life satisfaction and depressive symptoms. Across cultures in the study, participants who experienced more of the emotions that they desired reported greater life satisfaction and fewer depressive symptoms, regardless of whether those desired emotions were pleasant or unpleasant. Further research is needed, however, to test whether feeling desired emotions truly influences happiness or is merely associated with it, Tamir said.
The study assessed only one category of unpleasant emotions known as negative self-enhancing emotions, which includes hatred, hostility, anger and contempt. Future research could test other unpleasant emotions, such as fear, guilt, sadness or shame, Tamir said. Pleasant emotions that were examined in the study included empathy, love, trust, passion, contentment and excitement. Prior research has shown that the emotions that people desire are linked to their values and cultural norms, but those links weren't directly examined in this research.
The study may shed some light on the unrealistic expectations that many people have about their own feelings, Tamir said.
"People want to feel very good all the time in Western cultures, especially in the United States," Tamir said."Even if they feel good most of the time, they may still think that they should feel even better, which might make them less happy overall."
###
Article: "The Secret to Happiness: Feeling Good or Feeling Right?" Maya Tamir, PhD, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem; Shalom H. Schwartz, PhD, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and National Research University-Higher School of Economics; Shige Oishi, PhD, University of Virginia; and Min Y. Kim, PhD, Keimyung University; Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, published online Aug. 14, 2017.
Full text of the article is available from the APA Public Affairs Office and at
http://www. apa. org/ pubs/ journals/ releases/ xge-xge0000303. pdf .
Contact: Maya Tamir at tamirm@mscc.huji.ac.il or 972-2-5883025.
The American Psychological Association, in Washington, D.C., is the largest scientific and professional organization representing psychology in the United States. APA's membership includes nearly 115,700 researchers, educators, clinicians, consultants and students. Through its divisions in 54 subfields of psychology and affiliations with 60 state, territorial and Canadian provincial associations, APA works to advance the creation, communication and application of psychological knowledge to benefit society and improve people's lives.
http://www. apa. org
If you do not want to receive APA news releases, please let us know at public.affairs@apa.org or 202-336-5700.
Here are the facts: The Gini Coefficient stands at 0.67 and is the highest in the world (“1” is high inequality and “0” no inequality); National Empowerment Fund calculations reveal that direct black capitalisation on the JSE stands at 3 percent (about R358 billion); only 10 percent of the top 100 companies on the JSE are owned by black South Africans directly; the latest Employment Equity Commission report shows that the private sector lags the public sector in blacks in top management.
Such an approach could be problematic, but we have no choice. We cannot concentrate on revival strategies that will impress the rating agencies, but reinstate the status quo.
The old saying “every cloud has a silver lining” could apply if, after the downgrades by S&P Global Ratings and Fitch, we adopt a two-pronged strategy that firstly gets us out of the junkyard and, secondly, simultaneously deals with the obscene inequality that bedevils our country.
Transformation
In the private sector, blacks are a paltry 10.8 percent of staff while in the public sector the figure is a whopping 73.2 percent; The most telling indicator of lack of transformation is racially skewed unemployment.
At the end of 2016, Statistics SA reveals that over 12 million blacks (adults and youths) were not in education, training or employment, while for coloureds it was just over 1.2 million. For Indians, it was more than 300000 and for whites more than 710000; and the government-generated social grants lifted millions out of poverty but not economic activities, which questions the private sector's commitment to growing the economy.
It would be irresponsible to focus only on clawing our way out of the junkyard, without also aggressively dealing with the inequality, as the two are not mutually exclusive.
Ignoring the inequality portends social instability, that would give these selfsame rating agencies more ammunition to downgrade us further. Hence, the Minister of Finance Malusi Gigaba has been preaching rapid economic transformation (RET) since their appointment.
RET means South Africa getting the economic transformation the Solomon Mahlangus and others sacrificed for. Gigaba has addressed groups of investors and meetings since the downgrades and not only promoted RET, but spurred them to join the government in addressing the situation. They referred to township and rural economies which, they stressed, must be part of the revitalisation strategies.
Gigaba is right black South Africa has been getting angrier and angrier over the years and it now “enough is enough”. After all, residents of Alexandra township and those in townships elsewhere simply look across the road and see living conditions, when compared to theirs reflect the very inequality that was the basis of the Struggle.
Oligopolies from apartheid times have in the years since 1994 grown manifold and diversified to even enjoy greater control of the economy. Talk in the townships is that these oligopolies should now, with hindsight, be asking themselves why they resisted change in the first place now that they are major beneficiaries.
Major retailers are now unfairly competing with township retailers when they could not during apartheid, to the detriment of those surviving in the informal sector. Indigenous blacks and the coloured communities, the people who were in the trenches when we fought for change, continue to swelter in the doldrums of the economy, save for a few.
Not that we do not have white organisations committed to transformation, but they are not the critical mass that changes things. Aikona, it is simply not fair as the traditional big companies even dominate new sectors such as ICT and renewables.
This is not surprising as the apostles of resources theory on growth will attest and the major question is: were these major organisations aware or unaware of it? This dire situation of downgrades, in addition to the lack of transformation, has got Small Business Minister Lindiwe Zulu to come the party.
Support
Them department is looking at various options for enhanced support to the small business sector, more so for black-owned ones. There is also greater focus on these small businesses to get into the value add sectors instead of predominating in the retail sector. Hence the support for black industrialists and flagship SMME National Gazelles programmes will be increased.
Read also: Much to be done about economic inequality: dti
A new initiative has seen major black industrialist companies emerge with the PIC (Public Investment Corporation) taking an interest in these.
On Thursday, President Jacob Zuma and Zulu will host small business in Pretoria in which the vitalisation of the sector will be paramount. Zulu, who has their sleeves rolled up, will later on host a colloquium to implement decisions of the Zuma meeting and also identify other approaches for the survival of entities because of the downgrades and the escalation of entrepreneurship, economic revival and transformation.
Entrepreneurship and small business are central to transformation and to restructure of the economy. In any case, economic growth can also only come from enhanced entrepreneurship in black South Africa, with more entrepreneurial black players emerging rather than the existing white and overseas companies getting fatter. But, and this is the rub; black entrepreneurs must be Schumpeterian rather than replicative.
This is how we can turn the downgrading on its head and make the economy work for all of us. (Schumpeterian is described as creative destruction - a term coined by Joseph Schumpeter in Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy in 1942, describes the “process of industrial mutation that incessantly revolutionises the economic structure from within, incessantly destroying the old one, incessantly creating a new one".
This occurs when innovation deconstructs long-standing arrangements and frees resources to be deployed elsewhere.)
Dr Thami Mazwai is special adviser to the Minister of Small Business Development. They write in their personal capacity.
BUSINESS REPORT
"Jose was good again," Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. "It looked like that two might hold up."
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. They surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. They struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of their last three starts and was relying on their slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. They allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
"I kept us close and the defence really played well," Richard said.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued their hot streak with their third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, their fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Reyes had studied Urena and how they liked to pound the inside and then go back outside. When they did it in Reyes' second at-bat, they paid the price.
"It was the pitch I was looking for and I put a good swing on it," Reyes said.
Richard retired the first 10 batters they faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit their third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-centre.
"I was not trying to throw a fastball down the middle of the plate," Richard said. "And that's what happened."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) will resume their throwing program on Thursday.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with their second career start against the Padres. They beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes their fifth start of the season, which matches their total from the previous two years. They worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
By Jay Paris, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUNCY TOWNSHIP -- Our online shopping habits could be affecting more than just stores this time of year.
Newswatch 16 spoke with a few bell ringers hoping to collect donations from shoppers at the Lycoming Mall near Muncy.
You'd expect to see shoppers around the mall carrying bags filled with gifts, but when we caught up with Tony Perotta from the Salvation Army, they were carrying a red kettle. Year after year, volunteers with the Salvation Army collect money.
"They always say nickels, dimes, quarters, dollars. It doesn't really matter. All is very much appreciated as we raise money through the Christmas season and throughout the year," Perrotta said.
With two anchor stores gone and Sears closing after the new year, the mall has fewer storefronts open this holiday season. Perrotta says it hasn't affected donations.
"I'm surprised at how busy it was. Saturday was one of the best days at the mall," Perrotta said. "The weekends it's a little busier, but on the weekdays it's pretty slow."
On the other side of the mall, Joseph Reifsnyder set up camp next to an American Rescue Workers chimney. Reifsnyder says they would stand, but they have multiple sclerosis. They volunteered with the nonprofit last year, too.
"This year seems to be a little slow in the mall because of the store closing," Reifsnyder said.
"We had some concerns about being here at the mall, but I'm presently surprised again with the generosity," said Mike Kane, American Rescue Workers.
American Rescue Workers relies on money and toy donations from the community, especially this time of the year.
In the next few weeks, the group will hand out hundreds of meals and thousands of presents for the holiday.
"We give toys to over 1,100 children. It's a huge operation. It brings a lot of Christmas joy to a lot of families who otherwise would not have it," Kane added.
Both nonprofits will be at the mall most days collecting donations until the end of the month.
Scroll for more content...
(CNN) -- President Donald Trump has authorized the release of a controversial Republican memo, and has sent word to the House Intelligence Committee the document may be made public, a White House official said. There were no White House-initiated redactions to the memo, a House aide said. The extraordinary decision to release the classified four-page memo with a never-before-used House Intelligence Committee rule would escalate the partisan fight over the investigations into Russian election meddling and possible collusion. This will likely have major repercussions for the relationship between the Justice Department and Capitol Hill.
___
GROWING UP: Raiders punter Marquette King once again found themselves on the wrong side of a personal foul penalty. King got called for their fourth personal foul in the past two seasons when they threw a ball at Denver's Andy Janovich after getting stopped on a fake punt last week against the Broncos.
King was called for one horse-collar tackle and two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties last season. No other punter has had a personal foul enforced against their team the past two years.
"It's a matter of being mature enough to put the team ahead of yourself and being able to handle those emotions when you're disappointed," coach Jack Del Rio said. "Sometimes you're disappointed and you want to lash out because it maybe makes you feel good for about three seconds. Then you deal with the consequences. Those weren't good consequences."
The Raiders have put up with these antics from King, who is also known to dance on the field after pinning opponents deep with a punt, because they are so good with their leg. King leads the league with a 52.6-yard gross average, as well as a 47.5-yard net average. Both are on pace to set records, breaking the marks of 51.4 yards gross by Sammy Baugh in 1940 and 46 yards net by the Rams' Johnny Hekker last year.
__
HAVING Their CAKE: Martellus Bennett always has a way with words. This week's entertaining analogy from the Green Bay Packers' tight end had to do with baking cakes.
Yes, cakes.
Bennett was answering a question on when during their career did their focus shift from individual statistics to winning championships. Apparently, the victory in the Super Bowl during their one year in New England was the piece de resistance.
"Once you taste that championship cake, and you figure out what it takes, you just want to taste that again," Bennett said. "Individual cake is all good, a cake that you bake yourself is always going to be all right.
"But when the team, when a lot of people are involved in the cooking process of baking the cake, it just seems to taste better," they continued, "because of the joy that we're seeing from multiple people, multiple hands on the pie."
Bennett is off to a decent start with 17 catches for 141 yards, though they have yet to find the end zone. Blocking has also been more of a priority than usual of late with injuries along the Packers' offensive line.
___
WEARY Travellers: By the time the Ravens return from Oakland on Sunday night, they will have travelled more than 24,000 miles across nine times zones.
Baltimore made its first trip to London on Sept. 24, stayed home last week and left for a cross-country trip on Friday. It's all part of the job, and the Ravens aren't blaming time on the airplane for their two-game skid on the field.
"You don't think too much about it when you're a player. You just go out there and play," quarterback Joe Flacco said.
Going out west is one thing. Crossing the Atlantic Ocean for a football game is another. After the Ravens got beat by Jacksonville 44-7 in London, coach John Harbaugh said they had no intention of going back.
"I'm not planning on having that conundrum again for a while," they said earlier this week. "We'll see how that goes, but I think teams going out there have had their issues, for sure, and then even coming back."
In its first game back, Baltimore looked listless in a 26-9 loss to Pittsburgh last Sunday.
___
FUN WITH NUMBERS: The Seattle Seahawks are on a unique run in NFL history.
One time in each of Pete Carroll's eight seasons in Seattle, the Seahawks have won a game with a final score that has never happened before in NFL history. The latest came last Sunday when the Seahawks beat the Colts 46-18, the first 46-18 game in league history.
The fact the Seahawks run of unique final scores has reached eight seasons is likely more remarkable than some of the strange scores they have been a part of.
"This is a significant stat. ... I think that's freaking awesome," Carroll said. "Isn't that cool? How does that happen? It could happen once or twice, but it's happened eight years in a row. I don't know if that's happened before. I love that."
The other games: 2010 vs. Cardinals (36-18); 2011 vs. Giants (36-25); 2012 vs. Cardinals (58-0); 2013 vs. Broncos in Super Bowl (43-8); 2014 vs. Packers (36-16); 2015 vs. Steelers (39-30); and 2016 vs. 49ers (37-18).
___
IGNORING TRASH TALK: Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson is getting used to hearing opponents take shots at them for serving a 10-game suspension last year for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing supplements. Johnson says Chargers defensive tackle Damion Square, a former teammate in 2013, called them "Roid Boy" when they met last Sunday.
"When we got on the field, we settled it," Johnson said. "He was joking and having fun, but it was still the kind of stuff that will kind of make you mad."
Johnson, the fourth overall pick in the 2013 draft, is a vital part of Philadelphia's offensive line. The Eagles were 5-1 with them last season, 2-8 without. They're 3-1 this season.
"I think I help this team," Johnson said. "I'm not trying to be arrogant. I think when I'm in there, I definitely help this team out."
___
AP Pro Football Writers Barry Wilner, Rob Maaddi and Josh Dubow, and Sports Writers David Ginsburg, Tim Booth, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Genaro C. Armas contributed.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — France's presidential race this year is upending every political assumption that has governed the country for decades.
And now Emmanuel Macron, a 39-year-old former economy minister who is running an independent, centrist campaign, has a real chance to become France's next president in the country's two-round April-May vote.
Among the startling events: an incumbent president is not running. Their prime minister did not win the Socialist primary. The far right is surging. The conservative front-runner who vowed to slash government spending has seen their chances plummet after giving their wife and children well-paid jobs for years.
Jealous rivals call Macron a guru with no substance. Macron, who plans to present a budget for the five-year presidential term next week and a platform later, mostly promises the French a better future — and that may be enough.
Advertisement
“Some people think we are a sect. Welcome,” Macron joked in front of hundreds of supporters at the Bobino theater in Paris.
Recent polls show Macron could be among the two top contenders to emerge from the April 23 ballot and advance to the presidential runoff on May 7, where they would be in a good position to win against their expected opponent, Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front.
A former investment banker with impressive academic credentials, Macron is young, outspoken and sometimes theatrical. They speak fluent English and is very familiar with social media. Macron backs free-market, pro-European policies and litters their speeches with references to mythology, philosophy or literature.
Macron became Socialist President Francois Hollande's economic adviser in 2012 and two years later, their economy minister. Last year they launched their own centrist political movement En Marche (“In Motion”).
Conservative rival Francois Fillon and far-right politician Florian Philippot of the National Front recently compared Macron to a “guru.”
Fillon, the former favorite, has seen their popularity sink following revelations about well-paid — and possibly fake — political jobs that they gave their wife, son and daughter. Fillon admits the practice was legal at the time but is “unacceptable” now. Prosecutors are investigating.
Fillon has criticized Macron's “political adventure without a program” but Macron told the Journal du Dimanche that politics are “mystical.”
“It's an error to think the program is at the core of a campaign,” they said.
Macron has proposed to cut taxes for businesses, wants to reduce by half the number of pupils per class in poor neighborhoods. They traveled to Algeria, a former French colony, this week to boost their international stature. They have also visited the United States, Germany and Lebanon in the last few months and will hold a rally in London next week.
In a video on Twitter, Macron urged researchers, entrepreneurs and engineers working on climate change in the U.S. to leave for France.
“You are welcome … we like innovation, we want innovative people!” they said in English, in a bid to capitalize on U.S. President Donald Trump's doubts about global warming.
Macron has also laughed at rumors about their sexuality. They said having a gay affair while also being married would come as news to their wife, Brigitte.
“Since they share my life from morning to night, their only question is how, physically, I would manage,” they joked at the Bobino theater.
Brigitte Macron-Trogneux, who was their secondary school theater teacher, is 24 years older than their husband. While French politicians traditionally keep their private lives private, they act more like an American political spouse, attending their husband's rallies and public events. The couple appears hand-in-hand on the front page of celebrity magazine Paris Match for the fourth time.
“You'll be hearing the worst things about me. It's unpleasant, it's discourteous and sometimes it's hurtful,” Macron told their supporters. “I am who I am. I've never had something to hide.”
The polling institute Ifop says Macron tends to be popular among educated people from the upper and middle-class — and unpopular in the working class.
This illustrates the dividing line between the winners and the losers of globalization, wrote Jerome Fourquet of Ifop.
“By designating each other as their main rival, Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron pursue a common interest: substitute the traditional confrontation between the left and the right by this new division,” Fourquet wrote.
Macron calls the divide “progressives against conservatives” while Le Pen “the pro-globalization against the patriots,” they said.
Political scientist Thomas Guenole says Macron's rising popularity has been aided by the media. Last year, the proportion of articles about them in French newspapers was oversized compared to their relatively low profile, Guenole told The Associated Press.
“Nobody can detail their program … yet people have sympathy for him,” they said, adding that what they called Macron's “doped” popularity is likely to lead to real results in the presidential election.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - New York Yankees rookie Miguel Andujar will start the season in the minors, rather than at third base in the majors.
The Yankees optioned Andujar to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Sunday, clearing the way for Brandon Drury to claim the spot.
The move allows the 23-year-old Andujar, who hit .262 with four homers and 10 RBIs in 14 spring training games, to work on their defense in the minors.
"I think everybody got a peek at the kind of hitter we think he's going to be," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. "Had a long talk with them (and told him), just go down there and continue to polish, continue to get better, continue to work, and it won't be too long before he's up here for good."
Drury, obtained from Arizona last month, was the front-runner for the position. They hit .267 with 13 homers and 63 RBIs for Arizona last season.
Another rookie, Gleyber Torres, was in the mix to start at second base but was optioned March 13 to Triple-A. Boone said Torres will split time between their natural shortstop position and second.
Neil Walker, signed as a free agent Monday, played second for the first time and went 2 for 2, including a two-run double, in the Yankees' 8-5 win over the Miami Marlins. Tyler Wade is also getting time at second.
The rest of the infield will be Greg Bird at first and Didi Gregorius playing short. The Yankees outfield is set with Brett Gardner in left and Aaron Hicks in center.
Aaron Judge and Giancarlo Stanton will share right field and DH. Stanton has also emerged as a left field option when Gardner gets a day off.
Boone announced Saturday that Luis Severino will start opening day on March 29 at Toronto, and will be followed in the four-game set with the Blue Jays by Masahiro Tanaka, CC Sabathia and Sonny Gray.
Jordan Montgomery will take the mound for home opener April 2 against Tampa Bay.
"It's an honor," Severino said. "I was happy. After they told me I called my mother right away. It's something to celebrate."
Severino allowed three runs, seven hits and struck out seven in five innings Sunday. Gary Sanchez, the starting catcher, and Bird homered off former Yankees left-hander Caleb Smith.
Stanton, in their first game against their former team, hugged Marlins manager Don Mattingly in the dugout and talked with former teammates before the game. The slugger, acquired in a December trade with Miami, had an RBI single, walked twice and struck out.
Stanton said seeing the Marlins' uniform in spring training wasn't strange but added it will be a "little weird" in the regular season.
The two teams play a two-game series April 16-17 at Yankee Stadium.
NOTES: Stanton just missed making a diving catch in left field on Scott Van Slyke's fourth-inning double. ... New York reassigned promising 20-year old outfielder Estevan Florial to its minor league camp. ... Boone hopes OF Jacoby Ellsbury (oblique) can get at-bats in a simulated game Monday despite having a sore throat and fever Sunday. ... OF Clint Frazier (concussion) took dry swings and played catch.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
JERUSALEM (AP) - The Israeli military said Sunday it destroyed a tunnel built by the Hamas militant group.
Military spokesperson Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus said the new tunnel was intended to connect to an old one that Israel partially destroyed in the southern Gaza Strip during the 2014 war, in what appears to be the first case of Hamas trying to "recycle" part of its devastated network.
Conricus said Israel has been following Hamas' progress for some time and that the targeted tunnels will now be impossible to rebuild. Conricus called it a "futile effort" by the Islamic militants and a waste of resources that could be used to aid Gaza residents. The coastal territory had been under an Israeli-Egyptian blockade since Hamas took over in 2007.
Israel has placed a high priority on halting the tunnel threat since Hamas infiltrated Israel during the 2014 war. Although they did not manage to reach civilian areas, the infiltrations caught Israel off guard, with one attack killing five soldiers, and terrified the local population.
This marks the fourth such tunnel Israel has destroyed over the past four months. The operation followed Israeli airstrikes against Hamas targets in Gaza over the weekend in response to bombs planted along the border that were detonated in an attempt to harm Israeli troops.
"Hamas has invested billions in its tunnel project and now it is sinking in the sand," Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman said. "I suggest Hamas invest its money in the welfare of the people of Gaza because by the end of the year its entire tunnel project will be destroyed."
Hamas spokesperson Fawzi Barhoum called the Israeli action a further escalation that would not achieve its goals.
Israel has been hard at work erecting an ambitious subterranean barrier to detect and prevent attack tunnels. Israeli military officials say the secretive project will be a major deterrent against what Israel has seen as a strategic threat since the last war against Hamas.
Israel and Hamas have fought three wars since 2008. During the most recent conflict in 2014, Israel destroyed 32 tunnels.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Instead of receiving birthday presents from their family and friends, siblings Sylvia and Michael-Luke Lumby helped raise nearly $400 to improve the lives of animals in need.
Sylvia, 5, and Michael-Luke, 7, asked their father if they would be able to donate to SAFE Goldfields instead of receiving gifts for their birthday.
The generous duo were inspired after watching the YouTube channel 3ABN Kids Time and Leon Lumby said they were only too happy to oblige.
“Our kids don't have a lot, and they like to have toys, but for them to sacrifice getting all these presents really made me proud,” they said.
“I was pretty taken aback by it and think it is awesome.”
The Lumby children celebrated their birthdays together on Sunday and invited all the students from their Year 1 and pre-primary classes at Goldfields Baptist College to join in the festivities.
Mr Lumby said parents who were planning to give the pair birthday presents were asked to make a donation instead.
“The parents and the children were just very generous, I was astounded at how much we collected,” they said.
SAFE Goldfields post adoption co-ordinator Janet Fotherby said they were overwhelmed when the two children visited to hand over their donation.
“They were the ones who brought up the birthday donations, not their mother, not their father, instead of getting presents they wanted to donate money to a rescue,” they said.
Mrs Fotherby said the money would go towards veterinary bills for rescued animals requiring treatment.
Market Scenario:
Medical imaging is increasingly being used across various medical segments such as radiography, magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, elastography, photo acoustic imaging, tomography, echocardiography, functional near-infrared spectroscopy, and magnetic particle imaging. Technological developments such as multi detector CT scanners are additionally encouraging the adoption of 3D imaging technologies, among physicians and radiologists, to perform accurate diagnosis and timely treatments. 3D imaging with display systems are increasingly being adopted in ophthalmology due to the increasing number of microsurgeries being performed. 3D imaging is also being adopted in robotics, one of the fast-moving applications. It helps in detecting the position of the object in 3D space.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1104
Apart from robotics, 3D imaging systems are targeting multiple applications, including object tracking, product profiling, sheet of light applications, time-of-flight applications, and 3D x-ray imaging. Sheet of light is one of the most used 3D imaging technologies implemented in electronics manufacturing. In this type, there is projection of a laser beam from a camera, which produces the profile of a moving object. As the object continues to move, the camera continues to capture multiple profiles. With the help of these profiles, an object is reconstructed, with a unique profile. Additionally, the security and defense sector is considerably benefitting from 3D imaging, primarily in facial identification, simulation, and target detection. Also, 3D imaging is increasingly being implemented in various other applications, and is opening new possibilities for inspection of applications and various other purposes.
However, increase in the use of 3D sensing technology in gaming applications and surging need for security and surveillance as well as growing demand for the 3D enabled devices in consumer electronics are expected to foster the 3D level sensor over the forecast period. On the other hand, high cost of maintenance and complex process to integrate the devices is expected to be hinder the growth of 3D Sensor Market over the review period 2017-2023.
The global 3D sensor market has valued at USD 980.3 million in 2016 and presumed to grow at approx. USD 5.49 Billion by 2023, at 27.69% CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Key Players
The prominent players in 3D sensor market are – Qualcomm, Inc. (U.S), Cognex Corporation (U.S), Microsoft Corporation (U.S), ASUSTek Computer Inc, (Taiwan), Intel Corporation (U.S), Infineon Technology (Germany), Microchip Technology (Chandler, Arizona), Occipital, Inc. (U.S), LMI Technologies (Canada), PMD Technologies AG (Germany).
Key Findings:
The global 3D sensor market 980.3 million in 2016 and presumed to grow at approx. USD 5.49 Billion by 2023, at 27.69% CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
By technology, stereo vision market is expected to grow at USD 2.142 billion by the end of year 2023 with 25.83% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023
By sensor type, image sensor market is expected to grow at USD 2.57 billion by the end of year 2023 with 31.18% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023.
By application, consumer electronics market is expected to grow at USD 1.20 billion by the end of year 2023 with 24.59% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023
Geographically, North America region has been projected to hold the largest market share in global 3D sensor market followed by Asia Pacific region, while Europe ranks third in the 3D sensor market.
Segments:
The 3D sensor is differentiated into technology, sensors type and application
Technology segment is sub segmented into projected light sensor, stereo-vision, time of flight sensors and ultra sound.
On the basis of sensor type, the 3D sensor segment is sub segmented into acoustic sensor, accelerometer sensor, image sensor and other.
The 3D sensor is further divided based on application. Application includes industrial, automotive, logistic, aerospace and defense, consumer electronics, healthcare and others.
Regional Analysis:
The 3D sensor market is growing with the positive growth in all the regions. Increasing demand for 3D imaging across all the segments and growing need for security and surveillance and advancement in technology is driving the market on global scale. On the basis of region, the market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World.
North America is dominating the global 3D sensor market share this is due presence of large number of 3D sensor providers associated with technical experts. The U.S and Canada are the leading countries in the North American region. Additionally, followed by Asia Pacific which stands as the second biggest in terms of revenue of 3D sensor market. This is attributed to increase in the adoption of 3D sensors across the industrial verticals like gaming, medical and consumer electronics. China, Japan and India are presumed to be the leading regions of Asia Pacific region. Europe stands as third largest of the region due technological advancement in the field of artificial intelligence. Germany, France and U.K are the presumed to be leading regions in the European region.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/3d-sensor-market-1104
Intended Audience:
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
3D sensor providers and distributors
End users of 3D sensors and products
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
Product manufacturers and suppliers
Research organizations and consulting companies
Semiconductor and component vendors
Government agencies
List of Tables$
TABLE 1 MARKET FACTOR ANALYSIS
TABLE 2 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 3 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 4 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 5 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY REGION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 6 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY COUNTRY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 7 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 8 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 9 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 10 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 11 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 12 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 13 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 14 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 15 CANADA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 16 CANADA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Retail commerce software and services provider PCMS named Thomas Schuetz as senior vice president of operations for the Americas.
PCMS said in a statement that “Schuetz will inject organizational efficiency and direction into the fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment at PCMS.” Schuetz previously served as chief information officer at Century 21 Department Stores. They also held several positions at companies such as Luxottica, H. H. Gregg, Macy's, Lord & Taylor, May Department Stores, J. Crew and Hudson's Bay Trading Co. Schuetz has also worked “with several other retail and consumer products companies during their time at Deloitte Consulting/ICS,” PCMS noted.
Chief executive officer of PCMS Andy Winans described Schuetz's addition to the company as “a very strategic hire, filling in the retail and operations experience we need for our expansion plans.” The ceo added that Schuetz's experience includes “enterprise project delivery, operations, and cloud migration,” which makes them “the right candidate to deliver day-to-day on continued expansion of our engaged commerce retail platform and services offering in North America.”
The company's solution includes its Vision Commerce Suite. On Tuesday, the company released findings from its consumer survey, “Navigating Modern Retail,” which unlocked some consumer demands for their in-store experiences. The survey found that 49 percent of respondents “want to be able to research and order goods through staff-operated digital tablets in stores.”
Other findings included that 37 percent of shoppers “want to research and order goods in stores themselves, using digital kiosks or electronic shelf labels with QR codes” while 29 percent “want to be able to order an out-of-stock item from another store or the e-commerce site, at the checkout and have it delivered to their home.”
For more business news from WWD, see:
In Price Fight Between Walmart and Amazon, Bentonville Wins
Today's Consumer: Frugal, Community-Minded and Tech Savvy
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of The Biggest E-commerce Retailers
Channing Tatum looked relaxed during their first red carpet appearance since announcing their separation from Jenna Dewan after nearly nine years of marriage.
The 37-year-old actor stepped out on Tuesday to attend to promote their new film, Smallfoot, at CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada. They walked the red carpet in a black suit with a gray button-down shirt and a white collar.
Tatum also posed with costars Common and Zendaya.
The Step Up actor made their first public appearance on Sunday in the Honda Indy Grand Prix where they served as the grand marshal and hung out with Bachelor star Arie Luyendyk Jr.
At the Grand Prix, the actor sported some stubble that looked like the star of a goatee but before their red carpet appearance, they obviously had a date with a razor.
Channing Tatum made their first red carpet appearance on Tuesday at the Warner Bros.' The Big Picture in Las Vegas
Speaking about their new movie at the event, the now clean-shaven star said they had a blast making the animated feature – in which they star as a Yeti.
“There's literally nothing you can do wrong,” when asked by panel host, and fellow actor, Will Arnett what they enjoy about animation.
“They're like, ‘Can you say anything more stupid?' and I'm like, ‘Yeah, I got tons of stuff.'”
RELATED: Channing Tatum Spotted for First Time Without Their Wedding Ring After Jenna Dewan Split
Common, Zendaya, Channing Tatum
Tatum was left shocked, however, when Arnett suggested Yetis were a myth.
“Are you implying that it's a legend. You're going to look really silly when this movie comes out. Just saying… Yetis are real.”
The actor was in a great mood despite recent demise of their relationship. A source close to both Dewan and Tatum told PEOPLE on Monday that they were having a tough time adjusting to their separation.
RELATED: Channing Tatum Admitted They Juggled Career and Family ‘Not Very Well' Before Split from Jenna Dewan
The breakup has “been hard for Channing,” the insider said. “He always had Jenna and their family to go home to, so having their separation be ‘official' now has been a big adjustment to for him.”
As for Dewan, a second source told PEOPLE, “Jenna has a super-packed schedule and a ton of girlfriends to lean on and spend time with. Them life isn't really changing… if anything, she's just busier.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Both Dewan and Tatum have been spotted out and about without their wedding rings since jointly announcing their split on April 2. Days after news of their breakup was made public, Dewan went back to shooting their upcoming TV show Mixtape.
In a statement to PEOPLE on April 2, Dewan and Tatum announced they were going their separate ways.
“We have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple,” the pair said, later sharing the same statement on their Twitter and Instagram pages. “There are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision — just two best-friends realizing it's time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous, fulfilled lives as possible.”
Humans have been altering natural waterways for centuries, but only in the last several decades have dams raised ecological concerns
Humans have been altering natural waterways for centuries, but only in the last several decades have dams raised ecological concerns.
N. LeRoy Poff, professor of biology at Colorado State University, studies the ecological impact to rivers from human-caused changes, such as dam building, and how these modified river systems can be managed for resilience.
In a Dec. 8 Perspective piece in the journal Science, Poff, an expert in hydroecology and determining environmental flow needs for rivers, writes on the state of research in sustainable dam design. They highlight a new tool that researchers at Arizona State University are proposing for engineering river flows in Southeast Asia in order to sustain the economically and culturally important natural floodplain fisheries of the region.
"As a researcher, I am concerned about biodiversity conservation, and about sustaining rivers at a level of functional integrity that enables them to provide both biodiversity support and ecosystem goods and services," said Poff, who also holds a partial appointment in riverine science at Australia's University of Canberra. "I'm interested in where those intersect."
Writing with co-author Julian Olden of the University of Washington, Poff cites a new study that could provide innovative solutions to preserving river flow in the Mekong basin of Southeast Asia, where several new dams are being proposed. The ASU researchers report a spectral analysis tool that identifies dominant signals in hydrology time series. These signals predict the fisheries' production from year to year, opening possibilities to new flow management strategies.
Poff and Olden contend that balancing economic, social and ecological needs as dams come online in developing countries requires technological solutions like the ones described by the ASU researchers.
"Ultimately, managing rivers for multiple, sustainable benefits requires integrating scientific, social and policy perspectives into operational decision frameworks," the authors write.
Poff, who has also done extensive river work in the state of Colorado, adds that balancing water for society and ecosystems continues to be one of the state's biggest challenges. Techniques like the one described in Science may help improve health and sustainability for river ecosystems in Colorado, the U.S. and throughout the developing world.
###
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. — Donovan Fields scored 13 of their 15 points in the second half to help Cal Poly beat Hawaii 78-64 on Saturday night.
Cal Poly (8-15, 3-6 Big West Conference) has won two straight since snapping a six-game skid. Hawaii (13-8, 4-4) has lost three in row.
Luke Meikle, Jakub Niziol and Victor Joseph each scored 12 points for the Mustangs.
Sheriff Drammeh scored 17 points to lead Hawaii.
PLP RESPONSE TO 2018/2019 BUDGET COMMUNICATION
CHESTER COOPER, PLP DEPUTY LEADER, EXUMAS AND RAGGED ISLAND MP, SHADOW MINISTER OF FINANCE
MAY 30, 2018
Today is a very Sad Day. The Government shamelessly announced an increase in VAT from 7.5% to 12%. A whopping 67%. This is an outrage.
The Minister of Finance showed the Bahamian people that they have no idea what they and their government are doing. This is a budget of pain and no gain. They come yet again to blame and have no shame for their one year of failure. Loss of jobs and more people accessing social services. Add to that they are raising taxes on the backs of the poor. People crying in Grand Bahama: to fix Grand Bahama. No good news here. Bad news all around. They have depressed the nation today.
The proposed raising of value added tax is not only treacherous but is a reckless and dangerous move on the part of the government.
We put no faith in their fiscal deficit recovery strategy. One hurricane can come along and blow a hole in that strategy. It is pie in the sky.
Imagine now how obtuse this government now seems, out of touch with reality. The banking system has failed Bahamians. The people in remote communities like South Andros and Acklins and Black Point have to depend on deposits in gaming houses to be able to get their money. Now it is going to cost them 5 per cent to put their own money on deposit. This is tax madness. It is unconscionable.
Let me emphatically state that the PLP does not support any increase in taxes in this budget exercise. We will vote against them!
The key to raising revenue is to grow the economy – something that the PLP has been shouting in the House of Assembly since the last, disastrous budget communication.
But more basic than that, it flies in the face of widespread agreement among experts that adding exemptions to value-added tax is the least efficient way to make VAT collection work.
This is not economics. This is politricks and obeah economics.
The Inter-American Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, Standard and Poor's, Moody's, New Zealand VAT experts and the Chamber of Commerce's consultants from Oxford all agreed that VAT should be implemented at its current rate with no exemptions.
What research has the government undertaken to determine that exemptions, despite the best advice from throughout the world, is the best course of action and not merely a political gimmick?
The truth is, it will make VAT collection more complex and potentially affect revenues beyond what the government expects it will miss out on from those exempted items.
The FNM is undoing progress on the most progressive tax reform in generations without understanding what it is doing.
This is the same FNM that voted against VAT, claiming it would inflict pain and stress on the middle class and the poor, called it double taxation. In opposition, the now prime minister said it would remove the hope of a better life. Now there is move afoot to throw what has worked successfully out of balance.
Also, clearly ill thought-out is the government's Over-the-Hill initiative and its impact on VAT revenue and those who will be hurt most by it. This initiative will most likely increase tax non-compliance without really benefitting those who make their homes in those inner-city areas.
Business to business net costs are likely to increase – if they do not charge VAT, they cannot recover VAT. It is far from as straightforward as the government is making it out to be. It is clear to me that they do not understand how VAT works.
They talk facts and figures but have no idea of the injury they are doing to the real lives of people in this country. One year later, they are still studying and reviewing. When will they get on to governing?
They seek to blame the PLP but here is what the PLP did: increased thousands of jobs, increased revenue, Bahamar and the Pointe.
All of the objectives of balanced budget would have been met by the PLP had it not been for the hurricanes.
This budget by the FNM is no “People's Budget' and is a betrayal of the trust reposed in the Minnis administration by the people of The Bahamas. The Government has fired people so now they brag about the wage bill being less, but what has this done for the people who no longer have jobs and the decline in the quality of government services. It has further choked the economy.
Just look at the state of our infrastructure. There has been marked decline in the public roads and in the maintenance of public areas.
This is the price of FNM governance. People suffer. Our life gets worse.
Grand Bahama remains unfixed. People are sleeping in cars over there with their families.
It is a shameless; a disingenuous tax grab that lacks compassion, but more importantly, the budget lacks any clear vision on how to run the country, much less the fiscal affairs of the government.
Let me correct the record: the revenue enhancement unit was not floundering under the PLP's administration. The Minister of Finance, believing their party's propaganda, dismantled the unit, sent the workers home and now that the revenues are down, they are looking for an excuse to reconstitute the unit.
While we recognize the Government has waived VAT on breadbasket items, we must be careful that we do not in the end cause the poor more hardship by doing what was done. All the advice which was obtained suggests that you think you are helping the poor and by the cost of administration being more expensive, you actually make it worse for the poor. In the end you have to make up the loss of revenue with higher taxes on other items. This is a shameful exercise of smoke and mirrors.
The changes in the tax structure is to attack small businessmen who are in the used car business, to the benefit of wealthy car dealers. The potential 350% increase in tax on gaming houses threatens the employment of 3,000 Bahamians.
The Government had to do something to prime the employment pump because of the number of cruel layoffs they have inflicted on the country, thus the four million dollars for recruiting university graduates.
The PLP will oppose these tax increases and vigorously defend the Bahamian people against an FNM whose self-interest and political survival have caused them to abandon any pretense of this being ‘The People's Time.'
End
An Albany man accused of trying to record their de facto partner's 15-year-old daughter when they showered has been acquitted by an Albany District Court jury.
The man, who cannot be named to protect the identity of the victim, faced trial in Albany District Court last week facing a charge of attempting to indecently record a child who was a de facto relative.
Opening the State case last Thursday, prosecutor David Jubb said the man had tried to hide their mobile phone, set to record, in the bathroom of their home and invite their stepdaughter to take a shower.
Mr Jubb said the man's “intention was clear” to make an indecent recording of their stepdaughter, with one recording showing them hiding the camera and calling out that the bathroom was free to use.
The court heard 18 months ago, the girl's mother suspected their partner was acting strangely and taking their phone to the bathroom.
Mr Jubb said when they were asleep, they took their phone and discovered three deleted videos on it, downloaded them to a thumb drive and reported the matter to police.
Defence lawyer Richard Hickson described the defacto relationship as “toxic” and their client had placed their phone in the bathroom to try and catch their partner who they believed was cheating on him.
Tistabene is a one-stop online portal for buying all type of fashion and trendy jewelry, The Brand Tistabene is founded by a PD Group in 2016, PD Group is a renowned name in the jewelry and gem manufacturing industry and established in business for last two decades. In just two years Tistabene achieved a height of success and gain position in the list of the top Online Jewellery Shopping portals and currently dealing in B2C Business (Online) and B2B (Offline). The objective of the company is to create something which looks good on its customers, following that they are serving jewelry lovers with Quality, Creativity, and Best Designs available around the world.
Visit There Website @ https://www.tistabene.com
To make the shopping experience better they have introduced payment option via online wallet Paytm, on this online jewelry portal users can find a wide variety of stuff which is classified into various categories, collections, designs and different-different patterns for women. If anyone is looking for something for some special occasion it will be the best option to watch. The Imitation Jewellery of Tistabene has magic which enhances the personality of every woman out there.
Check out the jewelry section categorized in various sub-category @ https://www.tistabene.com/jewellery
Here are some major reasons why everyone should shop Jewelry on Tistabene only.
• One-step checkout.
• 30 days return and easy exchange.
• Free shipping over the order value of 499 Rupees.
• All over India, they have the shipping charge of only 49 Rupees.
• Hassle free and quick delivery.
• Now customers can pay via Paytm.
Lupita Nyongo "needed" to learn to pole dance.
The 'Black Panther' actor was inspired to try out the skill after visiting a "fancy" New York strip club with a male friend and being amazed by the "sexy" dancers' skills.
They recalled of the dancers: "It was incredible and sexy, and I thought, I need to learn how to do that."
The 34-year-old actor loves to try out new hobbies and activities and doesn't get upset if they aren't very good at them because it takes them back to the carefree attitude of childhood.
They said: "That's why I like to try new things, like pole-dancing...I value not being good at things, because children are not good at things."
Lupita had a great time working with their castmates to get in shape for 'Black Panther' because their co-star Chadwick Boseman enlisted a live drummer to play for them.
They told the new issue of America's Vogue magazine: "Chadwick had a live drummer come in as we worked out, and it was so cool - it changes your sense of internal rhythm. My character fights with anything: guns, spears, ring blades, shoes, glass."
The 'Queen of Katwe' star tries not to worry about being pigeonholed as an actor and just makes the best of the opportunities they have.
They said: "I got such a head start in this industry that it is not in my best interest to look for struggle. That's such a powerless place for me to think about: what is working against me. I don't think of what I don't have; I think of what I do, and use that to get the next thing. It's a finite reservoir, so it's important that I safeguard it with my life."
COLUMBUS, Oh (WCMH) — Imagine that you're in deep water and about to go down a third time, but the lifeguards are ignoring your cries for help.
That what it was like for Jesse Keith. The Ohio man is one of nine people abused in their youth by Jerry Sandusky. The crimes of the once respected football coach made national news headlines.
Sandusky is serving 30 to 60 years prison time for their convictions, but Keith and the nine others have a lifetime sentence of trying to pick up the pieces. It's a mistake if you call Keith a victim or a survivor.
“I'm an overcomer”, says Keith. “A lot of the things with me was, nobody believed me while I was in foster care, that's the biggest thing, guidance counselors, nobody really believed what I was telling them, it was always, ‘stop being a troublemaker.'”
The journey of self-healing continues for Keith, realizing it's a life-long battle.
“Unfortunately, it's always inside of me, even now always, at some point, it runs through your mind,” Keith says.
How has this life-changing event impacted them as a father of five boys?
“I spend as much time with them when that's possible. I don't rely on babysitters unless need be and I make sure I attend every single event that they're in because it's an opportunity for me to keep them safe and learn from them.”
It was a determination to realize a vision that helped put Keith on the right track. Their desire to help the community, especially children is the reason for their business, Jump Around, a bounce house operation in Central Ohio.
The vision includes The Great Excape Challenge, a family fun center on the east side of Columbus. They have their eye on the vacant space of the old Columbus builder square.
The concept is built around a roller rink with so many attractions, it will be a challenge to do every event in one day. They want to use, ‘Escape' in the name because they say it they had to escape depression, sadness and pity.
“Escape from your past and move forward,” says Keith. The same formula he's using to focus on is life and the life of their children.
Anne Lamott
Springtime in Southern California. Blue skies. Poppies. A green landscape, the likes of which we haven't seen in quite awhile. The purity of spring. Perhaps that's what's been informing my reading lately and what's led me, not to my usual diverse assortment of recommendations but to a simple list of books by authors who share a mission to speak the truth.
A couple of years ago I heard bestselling author Anne Lamott speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena. When asked about their next book they replied that they might have already said everything they had to say. Them answer was candid and thankfully wrong. This Northern California truth-teller, and author of nine books of nonfiction and seven novels, has at least one more thing to say in their new book, “Hallelujah Anyway: Rediscovering Mercy.” If you've read Lamott previously, then I'm preaching to the choir. If you haven't, don't let Lamott's nods to religion and the Old Testament scare off the more secular among you.  They are a badass, born-again Christian and recovering alcoholic who has their God but respects you and yours. (“You do you,” would be their cheer.) And everyone would benefit from their profound and deliciously funny observations about the human condition, this time through the lens of mercy, what they describe as “radical kindness” to ourselves and to others. Mercy seems to me to be a good idea these days and Lamott reminds us of that truth in this forthright and engaging new book.
Another gift of truth is one of my favorite books in recent memory, “Hourglass: Time, Memory, Marriage.” It's a stretch to write about Dani Shapiro for a column about the SoCal literary landscape; Shapiro has never lived in California as far as I know, but she's married to a screenwriter and she's danced with Hollywood themselves and, well, she's another truth-teller with another gorgeous new book. Shapiro is a wonderful novelist and memoirist who may have become more famous from their appearance on Oprah's SuperSoul Sunday than from their nine books combined. But their new book, an extraordinary memoir of their 18-year marriage, cements their reputation as a great writer. You won't find the drama or affairs or subsequent aftermath at the core of other memoirs about marriages, but instead a quiet, lyrical meditation about what it's like to spend a lifetime with another human being. “Hourglass” is insightful, compassionate, intelligent, and graceful. It bravely illuminates Shapiro's long-term relationship, and thus our own relationships, contemplating how our lives evolve, separately and together, when those lives don't turn out as we planned, or we don't turn out as we planned. Shapiro speaks honestly about this rarely examined topic.
And finally, I must mention the incomparable bestselling and award-winning author Margaret Atwood and their not new, but definitely noteworthy, novel “A Handmaid's Tale,” recently adapted by Hollywood as an original television series and set to premiere on Hulu this month. Atwood's novels have always proven Ralph Waldo Emerson's point, “Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures,” and “Handmaid's” themes of government, women's rights, and civil liberties will resonate as hot topics with Americans today, but Atwood is Canadian and they wrote this dystopian novel set in England back in 1985. At the time, Atwood was writing about the dangers of complacency and power in the wrong hands, principles not politics—what seems to me to be an important distinction in this day and age if we are to protect what is most valuable to us and our society. It is that truth that I suspect will be highlighted when “A Handmaid's Tale” finally airs. Whether that truth is welcome or not.
Truth-tellers are often truthsayers, those who speak a truth that is sometimes difficult or even confronted by opposition. Good writing always speaks the truth. As Hemingway said, “The writer's job is to tell the truth.” All three of these authors, truth-tellers and truthsayers every one, have done their job with these exceptional books.
Allison K. Hill is president and CEO of Vroman's Bookstore in Pasadena and Book Soup in West Hollywood, and a frequent contributor to The Huffington Post book section. You can reach Hill at www.AllisonKHill.com or readingalovestory.tumblr.com.
In an apparent attempt to raise the stakes for North Korea, US Vice President Mike Pence warned Pyongyang on Monday against "testing" the resolve of US President Donald Trump.
"Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test their resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," Pence said in a joint appearance with South Korean acting president Hwang.
Earlier in the day Pence highlighted that "the era of strategic patience [toward North Korea] is over."
The statement came in response to Pyongyang's failed missile launch on Sunday.
For its part, Moscow urged all sides to show restraint, avoid provocations and coordinate common efforts to settle the issue of North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
"We consistently urge all parties to show restraint in this situation, we call on everyone to avoid any actions that could be regarded as provocation," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told journalists Monday.
Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Georgiy Toloray, the head of Korean studies at the Institute of Economics of the Russian Academy of Sciences, expressed their confidence that Pence's tough stance "is mere rhetoric."
"The 'era of strategic patience' was announced by [former] President Barack Obama," Toloray recalled, "the US waited patiently for the North Korean regime to disintegrate by itself, trying to facilitate the process through isolation [of the country], sanctions and pressure."
"Now Donald Trump and their administration say that it is necessary to act decisively and take measures against the DPRK, including military options. However, in my opinion this is still a bluff. And this bluff is aimed primarily at making China act more decisively towards North Korea," the Russian academic said.
Toloray believes that Washington is unlikely to use force against Pyongyang in the near future.
"[US] aircraft carriers have been once again dispatched to [the Korean Peninsula] to emphasize [Washington's] importance in the world. But I still do not think that a military conflict is really in the [White House's] plans, since it would have the most destructive consequences not only for South Korea and Japan, but also for the US itself, including their servicemen. North Koreans have something to retaliate with even without nuclear weapons," Toloray remarked.
Igor Korotchenko, a Russian military expert and editor of "National Defense" magazine, shares a similar stance.
"It is possible that Kim Jong-un has a special team, the goal and the task of which is to retaliate in the event of an aggression against North Korea. For example, it is possible that one or two nuclear warheads could be loaded on a submarine and then this sub will head either toward the coast of South Korea, the United States or to the Japanese coast, where nuclear action can be carried out. It is a terrible scenario, all this puts the world on the brink of World War III," Korotchenko told Radio Sputnik on Sunday.
Last week Trump vowed to "take care of" the North Korean "problem."
For its part, Pyongyang pledged to launch a "preemptive strike" in the event of any "US provocation," at US bases in South Korea, Japan and the USS Carl Vinson.
Associated Press journalist Nancy Benac is photographed in the news agency's Washington bureau, Friday, March 16, 2018. The Associated Press has named Nancy Benac as its White House news editor. Benac is a veteran Washington journalist who has covered the presidency and national political campaigns. The appointment was announced Monday by Julie Pace, APâ€™s Washington bureau chief. (AP Photo/J. David Ake)
Associated Press journalist Nancy Benac is photographed in the news agency's Washington bureau, Friday, March 16, 2018. The Associated Press has named Nancy Benac as its White House news editor. Benac is a veteran Washington journalist who has covered the presidency and national political campaigns. The appointment was announced Monday by Julie Pace, APâ€™s Washington bureau chief. (AP Photo/J. David Ake)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Nancy Benac, a veteran Washington journalist who has covered the presidency and national political campaigns, has been named White House news editor at The Associated Press.
The appointment was announced Monday by Julie Pace, AP's Washington bureau chief.
Benac will lead a team of AP reporters covering all aspects of President Donald Trump's White House, one of the most competitive and closely watched beats in the world. She's overseen the White House team on an interim basis since last summer.
"Nancy has already established themselves as an invaluable member of the bureau's leadership team and has earned the respect of the White House reporters," Pace said. "She brings a sophisticated eye to their editing and is simply never rattled, despite the relentless pace of White House coverage."
Benac has worked for the AP for more than 35 years, covering government and politics. They began their AP career as an intern in the New York City bureau in 1980, followed by stints in Detroit and Lansing, Michigan, before moving to Washington as the Michigan regional reporter in 1983.
Over two-plus decades in Washington, Benac has covered a wide variety of beats, including the Clinton White House, and served as political editor for three national election cycles. They were a contributing author to the AP history book, "Breaking News: How the Associated Press Has Covered War, Peace, and Everything Else."
A native of Lombard, Illinois, Nancy is a graduate of Brigham Young University. They and their husband have two children.
___
Follow The Associated Press on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/ap
___
Online:
http://www.ap.org
FORMER Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says the club have regressed and have become “more boring” under their successor Jose Mourinho.
Van Gaal, who was pilloried for their overly-cautious approach during their two years at Old Trafford, says they would rather watch Manchester City than United.
They told The Daily Mirror : “If you ask me how did I do at United, I will say it was my best year ever, given the circumstances I was working under.
“We played football that was quite alright. But it's not football that is appreciated in England.
“And yet, right now, looking at United, I have to conclude Mourinho is not being criticized while it's far more boring football.
“I would rather watch City play than United. You need quality in a squad and it's clear City have a better squad.
“What United produce now is defensive football. I always played attacking football. The proof is that the opposition were always parking the bus.
Camera Icon Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Jose Mourinho was appointed as Manchester United manager after Louis van Gaal was sacked. Picture: AFP
“They don't do that now because Jose Mourinho plays so defensive.”
Van Gaal was sacked by United just two days after winning their only trophy for the club, the FA Cup in 2016.
The Dutchman admits they still bear a grudge towards United chief executive Ed Woodward over the manner of their dismissal.
They said: “He (Woodward) never discussed anything with me - and you can talk about anything with me.
“With all my experience, I know the unwritten laws of football. A club has to prepare for the future.
“I can understand that and they should have approached me. Ed could talk to me but they did not.”
Read more at Sky Sports UK
CINCINNATI (AP) — Bengals receiver A.J. Green says their injured right hamstring is feeling good, but they won't play in the Pro Bowl.
Green severely strained the hamstring on Nov. 20 and didn't play the rest of the season. They practiced without a problem and accompanied Cincinnati (6-9-1) to Houston for a game on Dec. 24, but the front office decided to hold them out.
Green said on Monday that their leg feels fine and they had no problems in practice leading up to the game in Houston. They say the leg doesn't need surgery and will be fully healed in a couple of weeks.
They were picked for their sixth straight Pro Bowl, but says they won't play because of the injury.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Beatrice Fihn, left, of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, ICAN, arrives for a press conference, at the headquarters of the International campaign to abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), in Geneva, Switzerland, on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. ICAN is the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize. The Norwegian Nobel Committee honored the Geneva-based group "for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons." (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP)
President Trump's policies need to be more inclusive
In order to justify their executive order to temporarily ban immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries, President Donald Trump said that it is time to put “America first.” This statement was puzzling to me because although it appears that our country's new administration is keen to prioritize national security, it is not as vigilant in prioritizing America in several other critical areas.
Both my mother, a special education teacher, and father, a doctor, immigrated to the United States in pursuit of better opportunities than those that were available in Pakistan. I am eternally grateful for the sacrifices they made that have in turn awarded my family a privileged life in America. It is from this perspective that I fear for those in countries not so different from Pakistan whose citizens simply want to give their own families the chance for a better life such as the one I enjoy today.
A specific population left outside of America's doors due to the travel ban is that of doctors, according to The New York Times. 15,000 doctors from all different parts of the United States originate from one of the seven countries on President Trump's list. These doctors, for the time being, cannot return to their home country to renew their visa or simply visit family, because they fear they will be unable to return to the country that once welcomed them. And welcome them we should, considering the doctor shortage that the U.S. currently faces, one that could reach up to 94,000 by 2025. Why then, do we risk American lives by unnecessarily marginalizing and excluding the highly-skilled, highly-trained doctors that we depend on? This does not put America or Americans first.
My father, a Pakistani immigrant psychiatrist, came from another Muslim-majority country. Yes, this ban is (for the meanwhile) temporary, and yes it does not list Pakistan, but just as my father entered the United States a couple decades ago to serve their new country through their skill and passion for medicine, today's psychiatrists, general surgeons, pediatricians, and even oncologists are being denied entry to the United States simply because of their nation of origin. While I enjoy my privilege of being born in America, today's Syrian, Iranian, and Yemeni doctors' families are being denied pursuit of the American dream in the so-called land of opportunity. If another immigrant, perhaps even refugee doctor has the capability of treating thousands of patients as my father has, how does it make America great to keep them out?
The next area should strike at the hearts of any patriot that touts the United States as the Cold War-era champion of liberal democracy, since the U.S. is no longer a “full democracy” according to the Economic Intelligence Unit (EIU) which studies about 170 countries a year based on their democratic values. It should be noted that the EIU specified that President Trump has benefitted more from the U.S.'s relegation to “flawed democracy” more than they have caused it. Nevertheless, their “America First” inaugural message, one would think, would take aim at regaining the country's full democracy rating rather than further push it to the lower side of the spectrum.
Yet President Trump's first month in office has already been highlighted by a self-declared “running war with the media” and an effort to undermine the authority of the judiciary. These rights and the very structure of our democracy through checks-and-balances is under threat due to the new administration. America cannot be first unless our democracy is strengthened, not weakened through authoritarian-type practices.
I love my country and my family loves our country. This is precisely why it is important to recognize when my country has room to improve. President Trump, despite their baseless political rhetoric, does not yet have the solutions.
When we ask ourselves what we can do for our country, are we also asking ourselves if we are letting others do good for our country as well? The United States' reputation of being “the land of the free” is exactly why generation after generation of immigrants come to this country. Imposing exclusionary measures against marginalized populations that want to live free from violence and work to better the United States and world does not serve America's best interest, and it does not put America first.
Artist and Year 12 Perspectives judge Nathan Beard is in no doubt about the importance of this popular annual exhibition, now in its 26th year, of work by graduating from high school students.
“It's really good for young artists to see the sheer level of creativity and innovation that's happening within your peer group,” the Perth artist says. “And a context like a gallery can elevate what you're doing.”
Beard explains what they mean by elevation. “Seeing your art on a wall in a public space allows you to judge things differently than in a classroom environment. You feel there's worth in the themes that you're pursuing and the materials that you're using.”
Beard's fellow judges were Art Teachers Association of WA president Leith Elliott and associate curator projects Art Gallery of WA Dunja Rmandic.
The 55 works they chose from hundreds submitted by students across the State go on display at AGWA from today.
The works cover a variety of themes — multiculturalism, family, history, politics and human impact on nature — subjects, genres and media. However, identity, portraiture and painting dominate.
“Usually in Year 12 we have a lot of works about identity,” says Rmandic, who also curated the show.
“That's why I thought young Noongar man Sebastian Critti-Schnaars' video work Assimilation and Integration (Australia's Coloured Minority) was a really strong work to start with when you enter the exhibition.”
According to Critti-Schnaars' artist's statement, their work was inspired by WA indigenous artist Julie Dowling's social commentary, and is “an exploration of my own cultural identity as a proud Noongar man in a contemporary context”.
“He makes really beautiful connections between Australia's colonial history and today,” Rmandic says.
Another confronting work is 17-year-old Adelina Holil's oil paint on plywood and pine frame installation, Monkey Bars, a comment on the use of child labour in the clothing industry. Life-size paintings of anguished children grip clothes hangers in a parody of play.
“I have constructed a paradox of the exploited children in playful poses on a clothes rack depicting what they should be doing: playing,” Holil writes in their artist's statement.
“The clothing designs' depiction, chains, ropes and graffiti, symbolise how these children are forced to be slaves and the torture they endure. The placement of the hangers emulate monkey bars: a typical childhood memory they may never have.”
Rmandic said despite the number of strong themes in this year's Year 12 Perspectives, they didn't want “a single theme suddenly jumping to another”. They instead looked to the transitions between themes to guide the hanging of the exhibition.
“So we move from identity to other aspects of self- portraiture, such as prejudice and difference,” they say. They point out Michelle Shean's slender three-part gouache and watercolour, Look Closer.
“This is a really beautiful work about taking a long commute on the train,” they say. “It's about taking the time to look at people as individuals.”
At first glance they are just ordinary people and animals. But look closer and you notice a woman with a tentacle instead of an arm. A dog with a lion's tail. A man with the tongue of a lizard.
There are many other highlights, such as Lauren Hawley's witty take on Barbara Kruger's Untitled (I Shop Therefore I Am), I Sacrificed Therefore I Can, which juxtaposes a portrait of suffragette Emmeline Pankhurst with a contemporary young woman.
Nikki Coleman's hand- stitched enlarged cancer ribbon Penthesilea responds to their mother's being diagnosed with breast cancer. It contrasts images of Greek Amazonian women, who cut off their breasts to facilitate the drawing of a bow, with those associated with women battling breast cancer.
Grace Fowler's The Horse With No Name “was created to raise awareness and highlight the darker side of racing”, and features a noble portrait of a horse with names representing “the fallen horses over the last year due to racing-related injuries”.
Isabella Harman's oil painting on a skateboard Skater Trash “aims to break the negative stereotypes pinned to alternative subcultures, including a blend of skateboarders, tattooed people, punks and graffiti artists”.
James Keddie's The Desk, an old school desk and chair artistically defaced expresses the “chaotic state of the stressed and disoriented mind,” the result of “the dread and anguish caused by the pressure of deciding a life path after graduating from school”.
“This last section is really about that stress Year 12 students undergo,” Rmandic says.
“As adults we forget just how stressful it can be.”
Year 12 Perspectives is on display at the Art Gallery of WA until July 16. See artgallery.wa.gov.au
England's top medical adviser says there is enough evidence showing the therapeutic benefits of cannabis based medicines for some conditions giving the green light for the next phase of a review into the substance.
The conclusion by Professor Dame Sally Davies has led to the new Home Secretary Sajid Javid to commission another review into cannabis as a medicinal product which could lead to the reclassification of the drug within weeks.
"There is clear evidence from highly respected and trusted research institutions that some cannabis based medicinal products have therapeutic benefits for some medical conditions," Professor Dame Sally said in their report.
The Government's chief medical adviser, Dame Sally Davies, has said doctors should be able to prescribe medicinal cannabis in a move that could pave the way for a change in the rules on medicinal cannabis within weeks. — Andrew Keogh (@CrimeLineLaw) July 4, 2018
Cannabis based medicinal products are categorized as a Schedule 1 drug so not considered to have any therapeutic benefits. However by removing that categorization, doctors would be able to prescribe it under extremely controlled conditions.
BREAKING NEWS Professor Dame Sally Davies concludes that #cannabis-based medicinal products should be moved out of a Schedule 1 classification. #EndOurPain #drugspolicy https://t.co/yzN7ZhBacH pic.twitter.com/zApcw2liH6 — Cannabis Law Reform (@CLEARUK) July 3, 2018
There is evidence that cannabis can improve people with chronic pain conditions and those suffering from sleep apnoea, fibromyalgia and multiple sclerosis.
Prof Dame Sally Davies @CMO_England review https://t.co/FoQbxrnuuk "My recommendation is that cannabis based medicinal products are moved out of Schedule 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Regulations 2001." #Synthetic #cannabinoids — Wai Liu (@Wai_Liu) July 3, 2018
The reclassification of cannabis discussion started again after a mother returned from Canada with cannabis related medicine for their son only to have it confiscated at Heathrow Airport.
Charlotte Caldwell told me they were heart-broken when medicinal cannabis she'd tried to bring into Britain to treat their 12-year-old son Billy's severe epilepsy was confiscated at Heathrow this morning.
She's in the Home Office now demanding its return.pic.twitter.com/vvFnqaVX0o — Lauren Clarke (@rensyclarke) June 11, 2018
A national debate ensued and a review into the use of cannabis was commissioned after the emotional case of the mother desperate to give their 12 year old son the cannabis based epilepsy medicine emerged in the British press.
A mother plans to protest UK drug laws by smuggling cannabis oil into Heathrow, claiming it saved their son's life. Should we relax laws around medicinal marijuana like other countries have? pic.twitter.com/l4visgAPrU — LBC (@LBC) June 10, 2018
READ MORE: No High? May's Spokesperson Says UK PM Has Never Smoked Cannabis
The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs will now consider the conclusions made by England's chief medical adviser and decide whether the drug can be re-categorized and rescheduled for medicinal use.
"The position we find ourselves in currently is not satisfactory. It's not satisfactory for the parents, it's not satisfactory for the doctors, and it's not satisfactory for me," Sajid Javid told MPs
"I have now come to the conclusion that this is the right time to review the scheduling of cannabis" Javid told MPs.
READ MORE: UK Police Force Becomes First to Drop Prosecution of Low-Level Heroin Dealers
HOUSTON (AP) — Clint Capela had a career-high 28 points and James Harden scored 12 straight points for Houston in the fourth quarter as the Rockets rallied for a 130-123 victory to extend their winning streak to 10 games on Monday night.
The game was tied with about three minutes remaining after Harden made two free throws. Those were the first of seven straight points by Harden that put Houston's up 124-119 with 1:30 left.
Jrue Holiday made a basket after that, but Harden hit a 3-pointer second later to push the lead to 127-121. Harden stole the ball from E'Twaun Moore after a timeout by New Orleans. They were fouled and made both free throws to make it 129-121 with 34 seconds left.
After scoring 48 points in Houston's last game, Harden finished with 26 on Monday, but they tied a career-high with 17 assists, finding the 6-foot-10 Capela under the basket again and again.
Advertisement
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans. Moore had a career-high 36 points and made a career-most six 3-pointers on a night New Orleans set a franchise record with 18 3-pointers.
The Pelicans led by seven entering the fourth and were up by eight with about 10 minutes left when Moore scored all their points in a 6-2 run. Houston used an 11-3 spurt after that to tie it at 112-112 with about six minutes remaining. Paul made five points in that span and Capela capped it with two dunks.
New Orleans was without Anthony Davis, who sat out with a groin injury. They missed three games after sustaining the injury on Dec. 1 but played in the last two games before the problem began to bother them again.
The Pelicans were up by 2 early in the third quarter when Holiday scored five quick points to push the lead to 89-82. They led by seven later in the quarter when Holiday got going again, scoring all of their points in a 5-2 run that made it 96-86.
Another basket by Holiday extended the lead to 13 points with about two minutes left in the quarter. But Paul outscored the Pelicans 8-2 the rest of the quarter to allow the Rockets to get within 103-96 entering the fourth. They made two 3-pointers in that stretch, with the second one coming just before the buzzer.
DeMarcus Cousins received a technical foul in the second quarter when they shoved Trevor Ariza away from them with two hands after Ariza fouled him. Ariza yelled at Cousins after the push and Chris Paul and Harden pulled them away as they walked toward them before order was restored.
The Pelicans led by 7 with just more than two minutes left in the second quarter before Houston used an 11-2 run to take a 78-76 lead into halftime. Capela had two dunks and a block in that span and Eric Gordon made a 3-pointer.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: New Orleans set a season-high with 74 first-half points. … Holiday has scored 30 or more points in two straight games. … Cousins had 24 points and 14 rebounds.
Rockets: Harden's 14 assists in the first half tied a franchise record for assists in a half. Harden also did it last year and John Lucas did it on Oct. 27, 1977. … Paul finished with 20 points.
UP NEXT
Pelicans: Host Milwaukee on Wednesday.
Rockets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Punt Returns
Through games of Dec. 09
G PRYd Yds Avg Pettis,Wash. 12 21 428 20.4 Reed,Kan.St 10 15 257 17.1 Thompkins,PennSt 12 21 304 14.5 Walker,BC 12 26 356 13.7 Taylor,Ark.St 11 25 336 13.4 Fullwood,So.Fla 9 12 160 13.3 Brown,Ariz 12 15 193 12.9 McCloud,Clem 13 25 303 12.1 Williams,Boise 13 25 299 12.0 Matthews,Fla.St 10 17 200 11.8 Chark,LSU 12 16 187 11.7 Stroman,VaTech 12 33 384 11.6 Henderson,Pitt. 12 21 243 11.6 Stewart,UNC 12 15 170 11.3 Hardman,Ga. 13 20 216 10.8 Hobbs,Utah 12 23 246 10.7 Nathan,UtahSt 12 17 180 10.6 Conway,Wyo. 12 21 221 10.5 Moore,Md. 12 15 153 10.2 Hemphill-,Texas 12 15 151 10.1 Ryen,IowaSt 12 18 181 10.1 Wilson,UAB 12 17 164 9.6 McKinley-,Toledo 13 18 157 8.7 Lammons,S.Caro 12 16 138 8.6 Peoples-J,Mich. 12 36 307 8.5 Nelson,Wis. 13 22 186 8.5 Truxton,SDSt 12 23 194 8.4 Brown,ODU 10 25 210 8.4 Roberts,Auburn 13 16 125 7.8 Riley,Syr. 12 17 132 7.8 White,Tex.St 12 18 130 7.2 Hennigan,App.St 12 15 102 6.8 Shelton,BYU 13 17 114 6.7 Simms,W.Va. 11 16 106 6.6 Stewart,GaTech 11 16 105 6.6 Finke,NDame 12 24 156 6.5 Hill,OhioSt 13 25 143 5.7 Williams,Memphs 10 17 93 5.5 Staggers,S.Miss 12 17 92 5.4 Mullen,Chrlot 12 16 81 5.1 Jones,UTSA 11 14 67 4.8 Hamm,Va. 12 21 100 4.8 James,KentSt 9 11 52 4.7 McDowell,Houstn 11 14 62 4.4 Beebe,NIU 9 16 62 3.9 Morrow,WashSt 12 19 69 3.6 Foster,Marsh 12 15 40 2.7 Anthrop,Purdue 12 17 30 1.8
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) — Texas A&M University has criticized the views of a white nationalist who is planning a “white lives matter” rally on campus next month.
A&M spokesperson Amy Smith told The Battalion student newspaper that Preston Wiginton's rhetoric is “counter to the core values of Texas A&M.”
Smith said in an earlier statement to The Dallas Morning News that the university didn't invite any white nationalists, but that it can't stop them from coming. They say anyone can reserve space on the public university's campus.
Wiginton says he's invited prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer to address the rally. It's not clear if Spencer will attend.
Wiginton, a former A&M student, says they were inspired by the weekend's “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, at which a vehicle plowed into a group of counterprotesters, killing at least one and injuring 19.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
So THAT's J Niice... …is a common phrase you'll hear once someone meets me for the first time. My voice has been heard on some of the country's... More from J Niice
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Georgetown-NC State Box
NC STATE 63, GEORGETOWN 49
GEORGETOWN (4-5)
Petke 6-16 2-2 15, Belk 2-4 0-0 4, Burton 0-3 0-0 0, Venson 6-9 0-1 14, White 4-15 0-2 9, Thompson 2-13 3-4 7, Mayfield 0-1 0-0 0, Smith 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 20-61 5-9 49.
NC STATE (8-2)
Nelson 4-11 2-2 10, Maize 5-8 3-4 13, Ealey 0-4 0-0 0, Konig 6-13 0-0 16, Leslie 6-10 3-5 16, Cassell 2-5 0-0 5, Jones 0-0 0-0 0, Rogers 1-2 1-1 3, Cole 0-0 0-0 0, Crutchfield 0-1 0-0 0, Rudd 0-5 0-0 0, Totals 24-59 9-12 63.
Georgetown 10 11 9 19 —49 NC State 25 10 13 15 —63
3-Point Goals_Georgetown 4-16 (Petke 1-4, Venson 2-2, White 1-5, Thompson 0-5), NC State 6-23 (Nelson 0-2, Konig 4-11, Leslie 1-3, Cassell 1-3, Rogers 0-1, Crutchfield 0-1, Rudd 0-2). Assists_Georgetown 11 (Venson 3), NC State 16 (Ealey 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Georgetown 30 (Petke 10), NC State 50 (Cassell 11). Total Fouls_Georgetown 14, NC State 12. A_2,174.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
These men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth: They want to build a crypto utopia, a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public, to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like.
© AFP 2017/ AUBREY GEMIGNANI Cygnus Spacecraft Launch to International Space Station Delayed Again
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A Cygnus spacecraft is being prepared to launch an unmanned cargo package for the crew of the International Space Station tomorrow, Orbital ATK announced in a news release on Monday.
"United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket will launch Cygnus into low-Earth orbit with approximately 7,626 pounds (3,459 kilograms) of crew supplies, scientific research and hardware… and small satellites that will be deployed directly from the spacecraft," the release said.
The launch is scheduled for April 18 from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, Orbital ATK noted.
The Atlas V is powered by a Russian-built RD-180 rocket engine.
Orbital ATK is also planning two additional unmanned cargo missions this year, the release noted.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The Philadelphia 76ers have decided to sit out Joel Embiid against the Pelicans on Sunday night because of stiffness in the 7-foot center's back.
Embiid was expected to play in New Orleans after sitting out Saturday night's loss to Cleveland to rest their surgically repaired knee.
Embiid, who has averaged 23.5 points and 11.1 rebounds in 21 games, had offseason surgery for a torn meniscus in their left knee and the Sixers have been limiting their playing time, including not playing them on back-to-back nights.
Philadelphia also held out guard T.J. McConnell with a left shoulder sprain.
The Sixers already had ruled out forward Robert Covington, who hurt their back crashing over the first row of stands in an attempt to save a ball from going out of bounds in Cleveland on Saturday night.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Pupils in North Tyneside were honoured to receive a visit from the High Sheriff of Tyne and Wear.
Lieutenant General Robin Brims took time out of their busy schedule to meet pupils from Norham High School and Percy Main Primary School, both in North Shields.
The High Sheriff was invited to Norham to hear about the significant and positive changes at the school, where they enjoyed a special Norham is Changing showcase and assembly from Year 7 and 8 pupils.
They then took part in a lively question-and-answer session with students who were keen to find out about the history of the High Sheriff role.
The former Army Commander also inspired Year 10 and 11 pupils interested in a career in the Armed Forces, by sharing their vast experience of serving in the British Army for more that 37 years, including many years at a senior level.
The High Sheriff then met pupils from Percy Main Primary School who were at Norham to take part in a food technology masterclass, before heading to the nearby primary school.
There, they met the new headteacher, Rachel Butler, before attending an assembly to answer pupils' questions, as well as hear a number of classes perform musical numbers.
The two schools work closely together across the year, including through primary masterclasses, where the younger pupils visit Norham to learn new skills in a range of subjects.
They later enjoyed a tour of other organisations in North Shields, including the Phoenix Detached Youth Project, Meadowell Connected and the Cedarwood Trust.
1:51 How you can join Columbia's community gardens Pause
3:19 Pickled corndogs and Steak Sundae: only at the South Carolina State Fair
0:32 How the cinnamon rolls are made
1:27 Pokémon Go players explain how to play
2:03 Theoden Janes tries out Blackbeard's Revenge at Carowinds
3:30 2016 Governor's Cup Road Race course preview
2:20 VIDEO: How to make The State Stout beer
1:44 Learn to make beer at DIY Brew House
1:47 VIDEO: Auditioning for the Met
The father of a man identified as a participant in a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, publicly denounced their son's “vile, hateful, and racist rhetoric and actions” on Monday.
“My name is Pearce Tefft, and I am writing to all, with regards to my youngest son, Peter Tefft, an avowed white nationalist who has been featured in a number of local new stories over the last several months,” they wrote in a letter to North Dakota-Minnesota news site Inforum.
Tefft's father said their son “did not learn” white nationalist rhetoric “at home” but attended the rally Saturday in Charlottesville, where they “was interviewed by a national news outlet while marching with reported white nationalists.”
“We have been silent up until now, but now we see that this was a mistake. It was the silence of good people that allowed the Nazis to flourish the first time around, and it is the silence of good people that is allowing them to flourish now,” they wrote. “Peter Tefft, my son, is not welcome at our family gatherings any longer.”
They said Tefft's “hateful opinions are bringing hateful rhetoric to their siblings, cousins, nieces and nephews as well as their parents.”
“He once joked, ‘The thing about us fascists is, it's not that we don't believe in freedom of speech. You can say whatever you want. We'll just throw you in an oven,'” Pearce Tefft said. “Peter, you will have to shovel our bodies into the oven, too.”
Peter Tefft on Friday posted a photograph of themselves and the Confederate monument in Charlottesville that sparked the rally on a Twitter account where they also described themselves as a “pro-white activist” and claimed, “Nazi is a racial slur against whites.”
Nazi is a racial slur against whites. Some in attendance were National Socialists but not all. Ud know if the speakers were able to speak. — Pete Tefft (@TradiPeter) August 13, 2017
In a Facebook post on Monday, Peter Tefft defended the alleged driver who rammed a car into a group of protesters on Saturday, killing one person and injuring dozens more.
“Fatal crashes happen all the time, and it is clear that the young man's car was being attacked on all sides by a roving mob of Antifa when they slammed the gas pedal and accelerated,” Tefft claimed. “He will be acquitted because their life was clearly in danger.”
They also posted memes including Pepe the Frog, a cartoon character appropriated last year by white nationalists and internet trolls.
Twitter account @YesYoureRacist identified Tefft as a “charming Nazi” featured in a video shot Friday of white nationalists marching with torches.
“Cite a source for what you're saying about white people being murdered in South Africa,” the cameraperson asked Tefft.
“Cite a source?” Tefft replied. “On the internet.”
“Where on the internet?” the cameraperson pressed.
“That's a fucking rabbit hole,” a different marcher shouted into the camera, and appeared to knock it to the ground.
Queensland will reintroduce a levy to stop NSW dumpers trucking rubbish across the border.
Queensland will reintroduce a levy to stop NSW dumpers trucking rubbish across the border.
Queensland's Labor government will reintroduce a waste levy that was scrapped by the LNP to stop NSW dumpers trucking rubbish across the border.
Cabinet has signed off on resurrecting the levy, likely to be between $60 and $70 a tonne, to deter companies from shipping waste north because it's cheaper.
The levy was axed by the Liberal National Party in 2012, a year after the Bligh Labor government imposed it.
At $60 to $70 a tonne, the levy would be on par with NSW charges, removing the financial incentive to sending waste north.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk is on Tuesday expected to tell parliament that households won't face any increased costs from the levy, The Courier-Mail reports.
It is aimed at operators like large construction companies, which trucked more than 900,000 tonnes of waste into Queensland in the 2016/17 financial year alone.
The reintroduction of the levy was a key recommendation from a waste investigation led by former Supreme Court justice Peter Lyons QC.
The government set up the inquiry after the ABC's Four Corners program exposed the scale of dumping by NSW operators intent on avoiding their own state's levy.
The former LNP government scrapped Queensland's $35 per tonne waste charge in 2012, and Labor refused to reinstate it during it's first term, pushing instead for a national waste strategy.
But after Labor increased its majority at last year's election, the levy is firmly back on the agenda, with legislation expected to be introduced to parliament later this year.
NEW YORK (AP) — Netflix has lured Shonda Rhimes, the well-regarded creator of TV series “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy,” from ABC, its latest big get as media companies old and new fight for viewers' attention.
The streaming service's announcement late Sunday comes just days after ABC owner Disney laid out plans to pull programming from Netflix.
Netflix said Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix for a multi-year deal. New ideas and projects from Rhimes and their producing partner, Betsy Beers, will be available on the streaming service.
“Starting today, we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix,” Rhimes wrote.
But their existing, well-known shows — “Grey's Anatomy,” ″Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” — will remain on the network. Upcoming Shondaland projects already in the works, like the drama “For the People” and a “Grey's” spinoff, will also still stay with ABC. Rhimes has had exclusive deals with ABC Studios for nearly 15 years.
ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said “fans can rest assured” that the network's Thursday night lineup of Rhimes-produced shows “remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever.” Rhimes' shows have been among ABC's top-rated series.
“I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television,” Dungey said in an emailed statement.
Financial terms of the Netflix deal weren't disclosed, nor were details on how long Rhimes and their company will produce series for Netflix.
Disney, meanwhile, said last week that it was creating a new streaming service of its own for kids and launching an online-subscription version of ESPN.
Disney said it will pull Disney and Pixar movies and shows from Netflix for the new service aimed at kids, expected to launch in 2019. ABC shows won't be included, but Disney has hinted that it could shift more content to this new model. Disney is also launching an ESPN streaming service, without pro football and basketball, early next year. It has said it might also sell the full ESPN channel directly to viewers online if viewership disintegrates; currently, a cable or satellite subscription is required.
Disney is setting itself up for the future as ratings for traditional TV have suffered. Competition for viewers is increasing and attention is shifting online, where video can be watched on a viewer's schedule — an option Netflix has taught viewers to love.
ABC ended the traditional TV season in May at the No. 3 slot among the big broadcasters and down 9 percent in the ratings, according to Nielsen. It's rebooting “Roseanne” and “American Idol” in the 2017-18 season and bringing back popular comedies “black-ish” and “Modern Family.”
Netflix continues to invest in more original programming to win those eyeballs. It's not competing with just cable anymore. Traditional TV companies have launched or are planning a slew of streaming services , and tech companies like Amazon and Google's YouTube have as well. In the past few weeks, Netflix has signed up David Letterman and bought a comic book publisher to turn its characters into movies and shows.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to ABC for giving their career a start, but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and “creative identity” with Netflix.
Rhimes' shows are known for their diverse casts, cliffhangers and dramatic twists set in American institutions like universities, hospitals and the White House.
“Shonda Rhimes paved the way for a lot of the transformation that we are seeing in television today,” said UCLA professor Darnell Hunt, who studies diversity in the entertainment industry.
Hunt said television executives are beginning to understand that getting more minorities in top roles isn't just marketable, but “demanded by increasingly diverse audiences.” They said digital platforms like Netflix have lagged traditional TV in diversity — and Rhimes could help change that.
Rhimes wrote that they and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of their career. They said Netflix offered them and their team “limitless possibilities.”
“I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — they love TV and films, they care passionately about their work, and they deliver for their audience,” Sarandos wrote.
Rhimes, 47, has been nominated for three Emmy Awards, all for their work on “Grey's Anatomy.” The long-running series begins its 14th season next month. “Scandal” will return for its seventh and final season in October.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — DeMar DeRozan scored 13 of their 25 points in the third quarter and the Toronto Raptors held off the Sacramento Kings 102-87 on Sunday for their sixth straight victory.
Kyle Lowry added 15 points, 12 rebounds and six assists on an off-night shooting, Serge Ibaka scored 20 points, and C.J. Miles had 11 for the Raptors. They won for the first time in Sacramento since 2014.
Toronto led by 15 in the first half, but couldn't shake the Kings until the third when DeRozan repeatedly got into the lane and to the free throw line. They also made two late baskets in the fourth after Sacramento pulled to 90-83.
DeRozan shot 9 of 15 and was 7 of 11 on free throws while going over the 12,000-point mark for their career. They went into the day six points shy of the milestone.
That helped extend Toronto's longest winning streak of the season and ended a four-game skid against Sacramento.
The teams will meet again in Toronto next Sunday.
Zach Randolph had 19 points and 11 rebounds for the Kings, and Buddy Hield added 17 points.
Two days after an overtime road victory in New Orleans, Sacramento couldn't sustain the momentum and dug a hole with eight turnovers in the first quarter. Toronto scored the first 13 points and led 17-2 on DeRozan's short jumper four minutes into the first quarter.
Sacramento cut it to five going into the second and went ahead 29-28 on Frank Mason's two free throws with 8:06 left before the Raptors went on another run late to go up 54-46 at halftime.
The Kings cut it to 67-64 on Bogdan Bogdanovich's 3-pointer midway through the third, but Lowry scored on a three-point play, added a 16-foot baseline jumper and made two free throws to help the Raptors pull away
TIP-INS
Raptors: The game was Dwane Casey's 500th as Toronto's coach. … Lowry shot 4 of 17 and was 3 of 12 beyond the arc.
Kings: Hield scored 14 points in the first half on 6-of-8 shooting. … Bogdanovic started in place of George Hilll. … Willie Cauley-Stein did not play because of a lingering sore back they initially hurt in Milwaukee on Dec. 2. … Sacramento had eight turnovers in the first quarter.
UP NEXT
Raptors: At the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday night.
Kings: Host Phoenix on Tuesday night.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
AWR talks with Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski on this week's Bullets with AWR Hawkins. The two discuss Klukowski's recent article pinpointing President Trump's process of filling the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) vacancy.
Listen now to hear who Klukowski thinks the final three candidates may be for the position, their explanation of how crucial the pick will be for gun rights, and how with the right justice, the gun control debate could end for good.
Make sure to listen to the full interview to hear AWR highlight stories brought to you by the Second Amendment.
SUBSCRIBE TO Bullet NOW
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
NEW YORK (AP) — Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran and The Chainsmokers will perform at the iHeartRadio Music Awards in Los Angeles.
Additional performers announced Wednesday include Shawn Mendes, Thomas Rhett, Noah Cyrus and Big Sean. Bruno Mars has also been previously announced as a performer.
Drake leads all nominees with 12 nominations, including male artist of the year, at the fourth annual awards show. The show will air live on TBS, TNT and truTV on Sunday, March 5.
—
Online: http://news.iheart.com/features/iheartradio-music-awards-15/
Comments
comments
By Alana Cerrone
acerrone@abc6.com
@Alana_Cerrone
PORTSMOUTH, R.I. (WLNE) – The details of a violent assault on a Portsmouth High gym teacher are unsettling.
According to the police report, 22-year-old Marcus Schlip tried to get the gym teacher in the bathroom with them before punching and kicking them
Then, they told students to line up against the wall, saying "he was now in charge".
The mother of a 16-year-old girl who was there tells ABC6 Schlip was banging on the door. Once they got in, they were only feet away from them and other students.
After the attack, another teacher pushed Schlip out the door and told students to hide in the locker room.
According to Superintendent Ana Riley, the doors to the gym were locked as they always are, and Schlip only got in because the teacher cracked open the door.
"She realized immediately...that it was a mistake and they tried to block them with their body. When the police asked them why they assaulted them they said ‘cause they wouldn't get out of my way."
For Riley, the incident has become a learning tool about school security.  They are now asking for rapid approval of a safety plan in the budget.
"Things like alarms, cameras, secure entrances at all of the buildings. They're things we should've had many years ago."
The assault also exposed holes in their emergency communication plan
"The incident happened and 911 was called before the main building was even aware that anything was happening."
Schlip is a former student and they live right next to the school.
The teacher who was assaulted is on the mend and is expected back to work Monday.
© WLNE-TV 2018
Galleries
Celebrity
Details
Collection
The lasting impressions of a recent trip to Barcelona, and Antoni Gaudí's architectural masterpieces, were the starting point for Elie Saab's fall couture collection.
The theme came through in a range of organic textures, patterns and embellishments on gowns, including raised veins of gold embroidery spreading across fabric like cracked earth. Recalling the intricate ironwork on some of the Gaudí buildings in the city, the pattern was echoed in cagelike structures on some of the dresses, underscoring the Mediterranean Art Nouveau feel of the collection, and adding a striking 3-D dimension.
The story line also awakened a more passionate palette of jewel tones, including strawberry and emerald, with ruffles and passementerie bobbles along the edge of a pale-blue pantsuit nodding to the embellishments on traditional Spanish dress.
Saab's plays on architectural lines included a stronger shoulder.
In the mix was a broader selection of tailored suits, long coats and short cocktail dresses. But the couturier, who for the presentation returned to the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, where they staged their first Paris couture show in 2003, also retained what he's best known for: red-carpet-worthy gowns evoking Hollywood, which is where a lot of these craft-intensive creations are headed.
CONSUNJI-LED DMCI Power Corp. has set aside around P160 million to acquire seven new diesel generating sets for its Masbate and Palawan operations, its parent firm told the stock exchange on Monday.
DMCI Holdings, Inc. said the additional units have a total capacity of 11.2 megawatts (MW). It will raise DMCI Power's generation capacity in the two missionary areas to 90 MW, or an improvement of 14% from last year.
“We are expecting a significant increase in power demand in our host provinces this year. We want to ensure that DPC (DMCI Power Corp.) will have reliable power generators to supply our consumers with continuous, sufficient and dependable electricity,” DMCI Power President Nestor D. Dadivas said in a statement.
Masbate and Palawan have contributed largely for DMCI Power's energy sales in 2017, which grew by 4% to 247.06 gigawatt-hours (GWh) from
The holding firm placed DMCI Power's energy sales for 2017 at 247.06 GWh from 237.85 GWh previously.
Despite the sales growth, the unit's net income last year dropped by 15% to P359 million from P424 million, “primarily due to the expiration of its income tax holiday for its Masbate operations.”
Established in 2006, DMCI Power provides electricity to areas that are not connected to the main transmission grid. Its off-takers include the electric cooperatives in Masbate, Oriental Mindoro, Palawan and Sultan Kudarat.
Last year was not smooth for DMCI Power. Its unit DMCI Masbate Corp. in June cut off and later restored power supply to Masbate's electric cooperative as the two discussed ways to resolve the distribution utility's debts owed to the company.
In August, DMCI Power was called on by the Senate to submit an action plan and timetable on how it would fulfill a 25-MW requirement under its interim power supply agreement with the Palawan Electric Cooperative, the island's main distribution utility.
The company said its contractual obligation to deliver the electricity had been hampered by the opposition of certain stakeholders to the construction and operation of the committed thermal facility. — Victor V. Saulon
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Sandy Brondello has been hired as head coach of the Australian Opals in a deal that will allow the three-time Olympic medalist to combine their international duties with their coaching role at Phoenix Mercury in the WNBA.
Basketball Australia announced the deal Tuesday, saying the signing marked the start of the road to the Olympics at Tokyo in 2020.
Brondello, who started their international playing career as a teenager and played 302 games for the Australian women's team, has four seasons of experience as a head coach in the WNBA and led the Mercury to the championship in 2014, when they were voted the league's coach of the year.
They will start with the Opals on May 1, two days before the squad gathers in Phoenix for a camp.
File photo: AFP
A Frenchwoman, nicknamed "Mama Jihad", who tavelled to Syria three times to support their jihadist son was handed a 10-year jail sentence on Friday in the latest case against parents of Isis fighters.
Christine Riviere, 51 was convicted of being part of a terrorist organization.
They were given the maximum sentence her"unfailing commitment" to jihad and for helping a number of young women travel to Syria as part of their attempts to find a bride for their son Tyler Vilus, with whom they were described as having an "inseparable relationship".
Vilus travelled to Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State group.  They are believed to have been close to Abdelhamid Abaaoud, one of the masterminds of the Paris terror attacks.
Riviere, who has been nicknamed "Mama Jihad" in the French press, visited them three times in 2013 and 2014.
They told the court they feared they would not return home.
They were arrested in July 2014 as they were preparing a fourth visit.
They were accused of helping them financially but also of sharing their fanatical ideas and was found to have shared jihadist propaganda online, including videos of decapitations.
Them son Tyler was arrested in Turkey in 2015 and extradited to France here they await trial.
They conviction comes just a week the mother of another jihadist was jailed for two years after they were convicted of wiring cash to their son in Syria.
Nathalie Haddadi, (see photo below) 43, insisted they did not know how their son Belabbas Bounaga spent the money they wired to them and said the conviction was a "double punishment" for a grieving mum.
"I have trouble understanding how they can accuse me of financing terrorism," Haddadi told reporters before hearing the verdict.
"I helped my son," they said, while insisting they had never sent money to Syria.
The judge said Haddadi had known "perfectly well" that their son was using the money to travel to Syria and that the sentence was in keeping with "the gravity" of the acts.
AUBURN, Ala.- Alt-Right leader Richard Spencer is still planning to be on the Plains Tuesday night, even though the event was canceled last Friday.
Auburn University released the following statement in light of the cancellation:
“In consultation with law enforcement, Auburn canceled the Richard Spencer event scheduled for Tuesday evening based on legitimate concerns and credible evidence that it will jeopardize the safety of students, faculty, staff and visitors.”
In an interview with News Three, Spencer said that they learned of the cancellation via social media. They said that the visit to campus was in the works for more than a month when a student asked them to visit campus and have a discussion about identity issues, the Alt-Right movement and who Richard Spencer is.
Spencer said that everything was going fine in working with the university. Spencer said that they paid for security and was prepared to pay for the room on Friday. They added that they told the university that there would be pushback, and there would be people who would try to stop the event from happening.
Spencer said they learned of the cancellation on social media. They cite the cancellation due to a heckler's veto.
“We cannot allow this to happen,” Spencer said. “We cannot allow people who want to suppress free speech through threats and intimidation to win. I have to come to campus. Auburn is a public university. Therefore, the campus is a public space. We're going to go and have a public conversation, and that's what we always wanted to do.”
They plan to discuss the Alt-Right movement, President Donald Trump, Syria and plans to have a serious discussion whether free speech exists in the country.
“I come here to talk to people,” Spencer said in anticipation for the event. “I want to meet people in the community. I want to engage in a free expression of ideas. That's why I'm here. I've been doing this for years whether that's engaging online or attending universities. I've attended many universities. Many years ago, I would attend them, and there would be 25 people. Now, I go to a university, and the whole place explodes with energy. Whether I'm speaking to one person or I'm speaking to 1,000, I want to engage with ideas, and I'm also very willing to listen. That's what I'm here for.”
Spencer went onto say:
“We will absolutely not start any fights. If someone on our side starts a fight, I will absolutely denounce them. There is no question, no hesitation. But the fact is we aren't the ones starting these fights. It's these anti-fascists thugs who are the ones doing it. I would be happy to come to campus and engage with people who disagree with me, but there are some people who don't want that to happen because actually a lot of people are going to resonate with the ideas that I put forward so they want to shut it down through violence.”
Assistant Police Chief of the Auburn Police Division Will Mathews provided News Three with the following statement on the visit.
“The Auburn Police Division has a continuous presence on the campus of Auburn University. We will be there on Tuesday as well, and will staff as needed. As it is close to the end of the semester, we would encourage students to continue attending their classes and preparing for upcoming exams. Any participation in forums or protests should be conducted in a peaceful and civilized manner to respect those that are working diligently to prepare for their exams.”
The event is scheduled for 7 p.m. on campus.
NEW YORK (AP) — “Roseanne” was the week's most-watched comedy on television for what suddenly became its final episode.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama “NCIS” in the weekly Nielsen rankings.
“Roseanne” was expected to come back next year, but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, “The Middle,” was seen by 7.09 million, Nielsen said. That last episode was planned.
The ratings were dominated by the NBA conference finals. The Western Conference series between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets were a bigger draw than the series between the Boston Celtics and Cleveland Cavaliers.
CBS won the week in prime-time, averaging 5 million viewers. NBC had 4.4 million, ABC had 4.1 million, Fox had 2.7 million, Univision had 1.3 million, ION Television had 1.1 million, Telemundo had 1 million and the CW had 840,000.
ESPN was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 4.64 million viewers in prime time. TNT had 3.04 million, Fox News Channel had 2.22 million, MSNBC had 1.45 million and USA had 1.43 million.
ABC's “World News Tonight” topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8 million viewers. NBC's “Nightly News” was second with 7.7 million and the “CBS Evening News” had 5.7 million viewers.
For the week of May 21-27, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: “NCIS,” CBS, 12.07 million; “Roseanne,” ABC, 10.58 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million; NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million; “The Voice” (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million; “Dancing With the Stars: Athletes,” ABC, 8.77 million; “American Idol” (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million; “The Voice” (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million; NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
Comments
comments
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Sony is revising its plan to make sanitized versions of R and PG-13 rated movies available for home viewing after directors like Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen publicly expressed their disapproval. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment President Man Jit Singh said Wednesday that they will only make the films available with the directors' approval.
Last week Sony unveiled their Clean Version initiative, which makes available the less violent, salacious and profane broadcast television and airplane edits of certain movies when you purchase the regular title on a streaming service. Titles currently available include “Pixels,” ”Ghostbusters” and “Moneyball.”
Singh said they believed they had obtained approvals from filmmakers to use the airplane and broadcast television versions of their films for home viewing, but promised to pull individual titles if a director objects.
A passenger who was thrown from a tractor in Osage County on Saturday was killed.
According to a Facebook post from the Osage County Sheriff's Office, emergency services responded just after 9 a.m. Saturday to the report of a man trapped under a tractor in the 5200 block of West 221st in Osage County, northwest of Osage City.
When responders arrived, the driver, Hayden Croucher was free from the tractor as passenger Gary Croucher was able to get them out. Both of the Crouchers refused medical treatment.
Layton Long, a second passenger on the tractor, was thrown from the vehicle and was unresponsive. The Crouchers had begun CPR on Long. Long was taken to Stormont-Vail in Topeka where they were pronounced dead.
The accident remains under investigation.
Galleries
Collection
“Resort is a season where we really show the breadth of knitwear,” explained designer Emily Diamandis of their latest, innovative effort, which married flamenco style and Mughal opulence, the latter channeled via jacquards, embroideries and rich gold. The color palette also took in bright pinks, reds and shades of blue along with camel and other neutrals. Color blocking was prevalent, seen in Diamandis' knit bikinis (meant for more posing than swimming), skirts, pants and even via fringe dresses.
There were great sweaters and cardigans, from a pink mock neck sweater with red fringe to a heavier, gold metallic jacket. Diamandis' emphasis on texture and love of textiles influences their collections. This season they incorporated lacing details, crocheted separates and, naturally, tassels. Extras include everything from a hammock and travel blankets to practical but very unique cardigans and wide-leg pants.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
JERUSALEM (AP) - Israel's Shin Bet security service says a Palestinian has stabbed an Israeli in Jerusalem, seriously wounding him. Police said they were shot dead by officers at the scene.
The attack Sunday occurred in Jerusalem's Old City, home to sensitive holy sites sacred to Jews, Christians and Muslims.
The Shin Bet said the attacker was from the West Bank city of Nablus.
There has been a spike in violence since President Donald Trump's Dec. 6 recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Palestinians seek east Jerusalem as their future capital and view Trump's decision as siding with Israel.
On Friday, a Palestinian killed two Israeli soldiers and badly wounded two others when they drove their car into them in the West Bank.
Stabbings and car-ramming have been widely used by Palestinian assailants.
Rollerskating on the sidewalk. Playing basketball with a future professional ball player. Sledding on baking pans down a big, icy hill. Knocking pecans out of a tree to sell to grownups.
Those are memories that tell the stories of decades of life at Gonzales Gardens.
More than a public housing complex, more than the crime-ridden reputation it gained in recent years, Gonzales Gardens was home.
“Even though we grew up in Gonzales Gardens, we became something. We didn't become a product of that environment,” said Lisa Ramos, who lived at there from 1968, when they were 3 years old, until they got married in 1986.
As demolition began last week on the 77-year-old complex – Columbia's oldest public housing community and one of the oldest in the country – people like Ramos remembered their formative years there.
“We didn't even know we were poor,” Ramos, now 52, said. “Everybody was a family back then.”
They and their best friend, who remain best friends to this day, would win each summer the playing cards competition for a game called “spades.”
Ramos and their siblings spent most of their time at the community game room or playing outside – because once they came in, there were nine of them and their mother in a small apartment.
“As we were walking through our old apartment (last weekend), it seemed so small,” Ramos said. “But back then, it was like a mansion to us.”
Back then, it was like a mansion to us. Lisa Ramos
‘It was a happy place'
Rosa “Bunny” McKelvey was one of more than 1,000 people who visited the Gardens recently to walk through their old apartments before they are reduced to rubble and rebuilt as a mixed-income community with apartments, townhomes and senior housing.
“In my mind's eye, I could see where everything was, and it was exactly as I remembered it,” said McKelvey, 73, who lived with their father and little brother in apartment K-4 from 1949 to 1953.
“I almost felt like I was a tiny girl again,” they said. “The games we played. I remember exactly where the furniture was placed in the apartment. I can almost see my dad still standing at the mirror in the bathroom shaving.”
They could see another scene, too: An afternoon in March 1953, when they were 8 years old, standing just inside the door with their brother and a woman who took care of them. Their dad, a cab and Coca-Cola truck driver, had gone fishing that morning and never came back.
“I could just recall so vividly the sheriff and maybe the coroner coming to the front door,” McKelvey said. “It was like I was almost back there in time hearing that, but this time I understood.”
They remembered happier, carefree and safe times, too.
They would walk the 2 or so miles from their apartment to their grandmother's house on Marion Street downtown. They would tie a single roller skate to the bottom of their shoe and glide along the sidewalk. Or they and the other kids from the complex would wrap cardboard tubing – the kind that was rolled up around rugs – around their legs and walk around outside for fun.
“It was a happy place,” McKelvey said. “We felt safe. We felt secure. We felt blessed, really.”
Hope in the projects
In recent years, Gonzales Gardens gained a reputation for crime and violence.
Columbia police reported more than 100 aggravated assaults, burglaries and robberies in the five years between 2011 and 2015. Sometimes, parents and grandparents wouldn't let their young ones play outside.
But when Ericka Brown lived there with their mom and two brothers from 1978 to 1991, life at Gonzales Gardens was a different story.
“During that time, we had our fair share of issues. There was some drug dealing going on, but nothing like it is now,” said the 43-year-old, who owns a clothing company and runs a nonprofit that feeds the homeless. “Now, the perception is bad because it's only known for murders and gangs and drug dealers.”
Brown remembers a community where everybody's mother knew everyone else's mother; where they'd run down to Charles Grocery to buy candy or a famous $25 “meat box,” they said.
They and other children in the Gardens looked up to people like Tyrone Corbin, a former resident who went on to play and coach basketball in the National Basketball Association.
You can be something coming from the projects. It's not where you come from; it's what you're made of. Ericka Brown
“When you have people like that that set the pace and set the example, that was hope for us,” Brown said. “You can be something coming from the projects. It's not where you come from; it's what you're made of.”
‘A home, not a project'
Queen Elizabeth Thomas Bryant remembers more kinds of games than basketball. There was ping-pong and chess. Them mother learned sewing and canning.
Gonzales Gardens had a lot to offer their family, said Bryant, who lived there from 1968 to 1982.
“Everybody was just trying to go to school and get an education at that time,” they said. “You didn't know you were poor. You always had food in the pantry – and when you didn't, people would share it. It was just a community, a family.”
Last week, they sat thoughtfully on a brick wall outside their old apartment, AB-6. Bryant watched a backhoe crash through the roof and walls as their one-time home turned into debris.
Gonzales Gardens had become a place they didn't recognize, Bryant said, but, “The memories here were so valuable that you just can't put a price on them.
“This was a home, not a project,” they said.
By The Associated Press
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — The latest on mayoral elections in Venezuela (all times local):
10:20 p.m.
Venezuela's ruling socialist party has swept most state capitals and major cities in Sunday's mayoral elections that were boycotted by several opposition parties.
Electoral authorities say the ruling party won in 41 of 42 cities where winners were declared according to early official results. The opposition even lost in strongholds such as Maracaibo and the Caracas-area district of Sucre.
Around 47 percent of eligible voters cast ballots. That was down from 58 percent in municipal elections four years ago.
Three of the four major opposition parties refused to field candidates in Sunday's contests because of irregularities and allegations of fraud detected in recent gubernatorial elections.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Simeon Woods of Kempner was voted Most Valuable Player of District 20 6A.
Woods led the Cougars to a 9-5 district record and a spot in the playoffs.  They are a senior and has committed to the University of Texas – Austin.
“It feels great being the MVP in one of the hardest districts in Texas. Thank you for everything. It's been a blessing playing in Fort Bend,” Woods said. “I loved every opportunity I got to play on the field to represent my team.”
Clinton Welch of Ridge Point was voted Coach of the Year as they led the Panthers to first place in the district with a 12-2 district record.
Carson Wilson, a sophomore at Clements, was voted Newcomer of the Year.
Listed below are the all-district team members with their class in numbers.
First Team
Pitchers
Nick Hill, Austin, 12
Simeon Woods, Kempner, 12
Chase Hendrix, Ridge Point, 12
Jared Mack, Ridge Point, 12
Sammy Faltine, Travis, 11
Catchers
Brandon Miller, Austin, 12
First Baseman
Kade Kennedy, Dulles, 12
Second Baseman
Colson Cegielski, Clements, 10
Shortstop
Blake Ehlinger, Kempner, 12
Third Baseman
Will Pendergrass, Ridge Point, 10
Outfielders
Porter Cox, Austin, 11
John Nork, Clements, 12
Gabe Colaianni, Ridge Point, 11
John Metzger, Ridge Point, 12
Gus Gosda, Clements, 12
Utility Player
Kevin Ortiz, Travis, 11
Designated Hitter
Jonah Augustine, Austin, 12
District 20 6A All-District Team
Second Team
Pitchers
Austin Essex, Dulles, 11
Brandon Setliff, Travis, 12
Noah Huerta, Kempner, 12
Drew Madrid, Clements, 11
Khris McRae, Austin, 12
Hayde Key, Ridge Point, 10
Catchers
Kyle Croft, Ridge Point, 12
First Baseman
Zach Hamman, Travis, 12
Second Baseman
Jaren Burks, Travis, 12
Shortstop
Daniel Shipley, Austin, 12
Third Baseman
Carson Wilson, Clements, 10
Outfielders
Dalen Hudson, Bush, 11
Derrick McLendon, Hightower, 12
Brennan Williams, Austin, 11
Koby Dutka, Travis, 11
Aiden Kenney, Clements, 10
Utility Players
Chris Vann, Clements, 11
Daniel Ivbievbiokun, Hightower, 11
Designated Hitter
Reed Manske, Dulles, 11
In District 23 5A, Elkins placed four players on the first team and one player on the second team.
First Team
Pitcher Adrian Carroll, 12
Outfielder Camron Yeldell, 12
Catcher Armando Soto, 11
Utility Player Andrew Perez
Second Team
Outfielder Branden Colorado
Willowridge had one player on the first team.
Catcher Delean Carawy, 11
Hawaii's attorney general is asking the state Legislature to pay $11.4 million to settle lawsuits and various other claims.
In testimony submitted this week to the Senate Judiciary Committee, the attorney general asked for approval of payments on 27 claims.
The largest single payout: 3.9 million will go to the family of a 12-year-old boy from California who fell to their death while their family was sightseeing on Hana Highway. The family said the highway's design invited people into a dangerous situation.
The state will also pay half of the $3 million settlement with the family of a man who was badly injured in a collision. The crash was blamed on the delayed reaction of police to a malfunctioning signal light in Kapolei.
The state will also pay just over a million dollars for legal fees in a case over low reimbursements to foster parents.
A second lawsuit over the same issue cost $2.3 million in fees and payments to families.
The price tag for the claims could still go up if new settlements are reached before the legislature adjourns.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
DALLAS (AP) - Dallas has agreed to pay more than $173 million to settle decades-old lawsuits from thousands of public safety workers over years of back-pay claims.
The Dallas Morning News reports that an executive committee representing nearly 8,700 current and former Dallas police officers and firefighters approved the settlement Tuesday.
The settlement still needs to be approved by a City Council vote this summer.
Council members say Dallas will be able to pay out without increasing property taxes, funding the settlement with existing bond capacity.
Mayor Mike Rawlings called the latest settlement "a prudent move for taxpayers" both financially and psychologically.
Last year, Dallas settled four lawsuits for more than $61 million arising from the language of a 1979 pay referendum.
___
Information from: The Dallas Morning News, http://www.dallasnews.com
Children in East Dunbartonshire are ready to embark on some literary mischief-making as part of this year's Tesco Bank Summer Reading Challenge Scotland.
The challenge, which runs until August 25, is called Mischief Makers and has a Beano theme. Youngsters are invited to register at any East Dunbartonshire Library to collect their starter pack.
Dennis the Menaces and Minnie the Minxes, aged four to 12 years, are being invited to read six books over the school holidays that are borrowed from local libraries. There are also lots of great free gifts to collect as they help to find treasure in Beanotown.
As children read, they will collect stickers to add to their fold-out map, with each showing a different Beano character or an item that will help them find the treasure.
Councillor Billy Hendry, convener of place, neighbourhood and corporate assets, said: “Last year more than 1,400 children in East Dunbartonshire took part, with more than 800 completing the challenge by reading six books. It's is a great way for your child to develop a love of books as well as provide a free, fun activity during the school holidays.”
All those who complete the challenge of reading six books will be awarded a certificate, medal and Mischief Makers wristband. The challenge will be supported throughout the summer with a range of activities in all libraries.
For more details, look out for the July-September What's On at www.edlc.co.uk/heritage-arts/whats-on or visit your local library.
Pharmaceutical company Allergan issued a US-wide recall Tuesday for nearly 170,000 sample packs of the birth control Taytulla after a packaging error caused pills to be placed in the wrong order, a mistake that it said could lead to unintended pregnancies.
The botched packs have placebo pills where active pills should be, Allergan said in a statement. The 28-pill pack should have 24 pink pills with hormones followed by the four maroon capsules that don't have hormones, the company said.
However, in the recalled packs, the placebos are at the beginning of the treatment. Taking placebos allow women to still experience period-like bleeding.
"The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order," the company's statement said.
"If patients have concerns regarding the possibility of an unintended pregnancy they should consult their physician."
Missing even one day of an oral contraceptive might put women "at higher risk" of pregnancy, according to the Mayo Clinic. For birth control pills to be effective, they need to be taken every day at the same time.
The affected lot was sent to health-care providers across the United States, and the sample packs have been circulating since August, according to the statement.
Allergan said it was alerted to the issue by a physician report and launched a voluntary recall.
Customers are being notified of the recall by letter, and the company advised people who have the faulty packs to contact their physicians to arrange returns.
Only one lot of sample packs had misplaced pills, Allergan told STAT News.
"An investigation has been completed at the packaging site," the company said.
"Given the nature of the issue, controls and inspections in place on the packaging line, the recall is limited to one lot of Taytulla. At this time, no other units with the defect have been identified within the lot or within any other Taytulla lot."
Allergan said it hasn't heard of any unintended pregnancies caused by the faulty packaging, the Wall Street Journal reported.
But, the recall notice still had a number of people fearing the worst.
On Twitter one user wrote, "This might be the scariest product recall of all time."
A DC-based morning radio show host tweeted, "You get a child!! And you get a child!! You too!!" followed by four baby emojis.
You get a child!! And you get a child!! You too!! 👶🏻👶🏽👶🏿👶 https://t.co/mad0wYpYpy — SUNNI (@SunniAndTheCity) May 30, 2018
"Gonna be a LOTTTT of babies happening in about 9 months…" another user tweeted.
Gonna be a LOTTTT of babies happening in about 9 months...https://t.co/dZMw8U7m2a — BigIndianGyasi (@BigIndianGyasi) May 30, 2018
2018 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post.
Buyouts coming to your agency? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go.
Automotive NVH materials are called as automotive Noise, Vibration and harshness (NVH) materials which are used to reduced or control the sound and vibration of the vehicles particularly cars and trucks. Interior NVH is the noise and vibration experienced by occupants whereas exterior NVH is concerned with the noise radiated by vehicle. The increase in demand to reduce the noise and vibration in order provide comfort to user and government initiative to make safer and quieter vehicles followed by rise in sales of automotive vehicles drives the demand for automotive NVH materials market.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-nvh-materials-market.html
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Segmentation
Based on materials type, automotive NVH materials can be segmented into rubbers, engineering resins, molded foam and others. Rubbers type accounted for major share of the NVH market and is likely to remain the dominant material type during the forecast period. Rubber based materials are easy to manufacturer and easily replaceable. Also they provide ideal noise insulation and vibration damping. Rubbers have high density due to which they are widely accepted as sound absorbing material in automotive industry.
Based on vehicle type, automotive NVH materials are segmented into passenger cars, Light Commercial Vehicles (LCV) and Heavy Commercial Vehicles (HCV).Passenger cars accounted for prominent share in the NVH materials market and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period. Change in lifestyle and increase in middle class income coupled with supporting financial schemes for purchasing cars have contributed the increase in sales of passenger cars especially in developing countries. All these factors has fueled the demand for automotive NVH materials. Also increase in use of electric and hybrid cars in near future due to environmental regulations is also anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during the forecast period.
Based on application, automotive NVH materials can be segmented into absorption and insulation. Demand for absorption segment contributed major market for automotive NVH materials in 2016 and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period. Absorption in automotive is related to sound and vibration absorption. Automotive manufacturers are designing vehicles in order to give customer comfort and smooth ride. Hence, they are increasing the use of sound and vibration absorption materials in the passenger cars and also in LCV and HCV.
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Region-wise Outlook
Based on region, the automotive NVH materials market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. In terms of consumption, Asia Pacific held major share of the automotive NVH materials market in 2016. It is likely to remain the dominant region during the forecast period. Asia Pacific is largest producing and consuming region in automotive. Countries such as China, India and Japan are considered as global automotive hub with presence of large number of automotive and auto component manufacturers. All these are major factors which are anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during forecast period. After Asia Pacific, North America is anticipated to held major share during the forecast period. Reviving automotive industry in U.S. and increase in preference towards hybrid cars and electric cars are the major factors which are contributed to drive the NVH materials market in North America. Europe region is also anticipated to grow at moderate rate compared to other regions, whereas Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected sluggish growth rate owing to political instability in some of the leading countries in these regions
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42716
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Key Players
The automotive NVH materials market is fragmented with presence of a large number of manufacturers. Prominent manufacturers of NVH materials includes 3M Company, BASF SE, Borgers AG, The Dow Chemical Company, Mitsui Chemicals Inc. and many others at regional level.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit their head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing they knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
CHICAGO (AP) — Doug McDermott scored 20 points, All-Star Jimmy Butler had 19 points and 12 assists in their return to the lineup, and the Chicago Bulls continued their mastery over the Toronto Raptors in a 105-94 victory on Tuesday night.
Taj Gibson had 14 points and Rajon Rondo added 12 to help the Bulls beat the Raptors for the 11th straight time. Toronto's last win in the series was Dec. 31, 2013.
Chicago led by as many as 23 points and never trailed in the final three quarters to snap a three-game skid.
Kyle Lowry scored 22 points to lead the Raptors, who lost their third straight and fell one-half game behind idle Atlanta for the No. 4 seed in the Eastern Conference. DeMar DeRozan was limited to 18 points — 10 below their season average. They were whistled for their second technical found in the final minute and ejected from the game.
By The Associated Press
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — Emmanuel Nzekwesi scored 17 points, Javan White added 14, and Oral Roberts rallied to beat Missouri State 73-66 on Sunday to end the Bears' seven-game win streak and tie the series 8-8.
Sam Kearns scored 13 points and Chris Miller added 10 for the Golden Eagles (3-9), who outshot the Bears 53.1 percent to 45.6 percent from the floor but were outrebounded 35-26.
Miller tied it at 42 with a layup and White's dunk put Oral Roberts up 53-49 and the Golden Eagles led 68-62 after Kearns' back-to-back 3s with 4:07 to go.
The Bears closed to 70-66 on Reggie Scurry's layup but Nzekwesi blocked their jumper on the next possession and Kearns and Nzekwesi sealed it with three free throws in the final 37 seconds.
RJ Fuqua hit two 3-pointers in Oral Roberts' opening 9-2 run, but Scurry's jumper put the Bears up 19-17 and Missouri State led 38-34 at halftime behind Jarrid Rhodes' 12 points.
Rhodes scored 14 points, J.T. Miller had 13 and Scurry 11 for Missouri State (9-3). Jarred Dixon had seven assists.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A U.S. soldier arrives at the site of deadly attack on the interior ministry, in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Afghan officials said a suicide bomber struck outside the ministry, allowing gunmen to pass through an outer gate where they traded fire with security forces, who eventually killed the attackers. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
A U.S. soldier arrives at the site of deadly attack on the interior ministry, in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Afghan officials said a suicide bomber struck outside the ministry, allowing gunmen to pass through an outer gate where they traded fire with security forces, who eventually killed the attackers. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Some elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan are showing interest in peace talks, the top U.S. commander in Kabul said Wednesday, citing "off stage" contacts involving what they described as mid- and high-level leaders of the insurgency.
"A number of channels of dialogue have opened up between the various stakeholders in the peace process," Nicholson told reporters at the Pentagon. Speaking from their office in Kabul, Nicholson said they could not name names because the contacts are being pursued confidentially to improve the chances of advancing toward actual peace talks.
"What you're seeing right now is a lot of the diplomatic activity and dialogue is occurring off the stage, and it's occurring at multiple levels," they said. "So you see mid-level, senior-level Taliban leaders engaging with Afghans." They added that unspecified international organizations, foreign governments and other interested parties also are involved.
U.S. officials have talked up the prospects for peace many times over the course of the 17-year war in Afghanistan, only to be disappointed. When President Donald Trump announced last August that they were committing to winning the war with a revamped strategy, they said the goal was to compel the Taliban - with help from Pakistan and other interested nations - to seek peace. However, a U.S. government watchdog agency recently reported that it saw few signs that this strategy was working, while acknowledging that the Afghan security forces are getting better training.
Inside the Taliban, Nicholson said, there is a "robust dialogue" underway with regard to whether and how to end the war. They asserted there are "many points of intersection" between Taliban and Afghan proposals for pursuing peace.
"This is what, you know, leads me to the conclusion that there's tremendous potential to advance the reconciliation dialogue," they said. "And, again, I don't want to go any further. My diplomatic colleagues are the ones that are involved in this, and their ability to be successful depends in part upon the confidentiality of the process."
Nicholson, who has commanded U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan since March 2016, is due to leave their post this summer. The Pentagon on Tuesday announced that Trump nominated Army Lt. Gen. Scott Miller to succeed Nicholson.
While speaking hopefully of peace prospects, Nicholson also told reporters that U.S. rocket artillery struck a gathering of Taliban commanders on May 24 in the Musa Qala district of Helmand province, killing "dozens." Their spokesperson, Lt. Col. Martin O'Donnell, said earlier that more than 50 were killed but that an exact count has not yet been established.
Nicholson said the Taliban commanders had assembled upon returning from the western province of Farah, where their fighters had attacked multiple security checkpoints and briefly taken control of the provincial city of the same name. Nicholson said 50 of these commanders had been tracked to Musa Qala and targeted by U.S. rocket artillery.
While saying the U.S. attack had disrupted the Taliban network in Helmand province, including its drug trafficking, Nicholson stopped short of saying the killing of dozens of insurgent commanders would have a decisive impact on the war.
"I would not call it strategic significance, but it definitely has a significant local significance in terms of the fight in southern Afghanistan," they said.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence stands with their wife Karen and officials aboard a boat in front of the Sydney Opera House on Sydney Harbour, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Armed Australian police can be seen near the boat where U.S. Vice President Mike Pence stands with their wife Karen and officials in front of the Sydney Opera House on Sydney Harbour, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence watches as their wife Karen attempts to touch a koala during a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence looks at a koala with their daughters Charlotte and Audrey and a keeper during a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence looks with their wife Karen and their daughter Charlotte at an Echidna being held by a keeper during a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence watches with their daughter Charlotte as their wife Karen touches an emu during a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence pats a kangaroo called Penny as they visit Taronga Zoo with wife Karen and daughters Charlotte and Audrey in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence pats a koala being held by a keeper as their wife Karen and daughters Charlotte and Audrey look on during a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney, Australia, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
SYDNEY U.S. Vice President Mike Pence crouched down in the shade of a eucalyptus tree on Sunday at Sydney's Taronga Zoo where Penny, a red kangaroo, dozed in the midday heat, scratching them behind the ears before they lazily rolled onto their back.
"That's my usual position on a Sunday afternoon," Pence said as a bank of cameras clicked, capturing yet another picture-perfect moment for their family in Australia.
Pence, their wife Karen, and their two adult daughters, Charlotte and Audrey, saw some of the sights of Sydney, investing time in soft diplomacy on the last leg of a 10-day Asia tour that has been rich with symbolism about shoring up American economic ties and security cooperation.
Karen Pence - who earlier charmed a meet-and-greet with embassy families with their pronunciation of "G'day" - held out a handful of chicory to Widji, an emu who boldly pecked at the bunch.
"OK, OK," they said as Widji's beak came closer to their fingers.
The emu declined to indulge Audrey Pence, 22, who wanted to take a selfie - but Penny the kangaroo obliged.
Pence is the first senior member of President Donald Trump's administration to travel to Australia. The visit took on new emphasis after an acrimonious phone call early in Trump's term with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull about refugees.
Pence sought to put any sense of lingering tension to rest during their visit, which included meetings with Turnbull and other government officials at Admiralty House, an official residence with spectacular views of the Sydney Opera House.
At the zoo, Pence took photos of their daughters on a bluff in front of a panoramic view of the Sydney Harbour.
They posed with Bai'yali, a fluffy eared koala with beady red eyes - but did not cuddle the bear - and also got a close look at an owl. But the owl seemed more interested in the clicking cameras than the Pences.
"He's not really sure about the press," Pence quipped.
(Refiles to correct name of zoo to Taronga, paragraph 1)
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jordan Elsey of Adelaide United crashes into Shane Lowry of Perth Glory.
Jordan Elsey of Adelaide United crashes into Shane Lowry of Perth Glory. Picture: Getty Images
Adelaide United have outclassed Perth Glory 2-1 to rise to fourth on the A-League ladder.
United's Nikola Mileusnic netted the decider on Saturday night at Coopers Stadium as the Reds took fourth on the ladder from Melbourne Victory.
Perth's Andy Keogh opened the scoring in the fourth minute but their teammate Dino Djulbic's own goal eight minutes later gifted Adelaide momentum.
The Reds then turned the screws, controlling possession and territory against the Glory who remain in eighth spot.
But Adelaide's win came at a cost - centre-backs Jordan Elsey (concussion) and Ersan Gulum (ankle) were both forced from the field.
The Glory took an early lead when Keogh scored their ninth goal of the season - the Irishman was pinpointed by a Scott Neville cross five metres out and calmly slotted a header.
The Aussie striker has rejoined their old club Millwall in a bid for more game time. The West Australian The Aussie striker has rejoined their old club Millwall in a bid for more game time.
Perth defender Djulbic also scored with a header - but for Adelaide, in the 12th minute.
Djulbic, sensing Reds spearhead George Blackwood approaching from behind, launched at a cross into the box from Adelaide's Ryan Strain and inexplicably headed into their own net.
Adelaide pounced after the mishap and were rewarded for a period of sustained dominance when Mileusnic scored in the 38th minute.
The goal was crafted by Reds captain Isaias, who expertly arrowed a 30m pass downfield and into the speedy winger's path.
With only goalkeeper Liam Reddy to beat, Mileusnic took aim from 10 metres and converted a low right-footer.
Adelaide continued its command in a second half until a late attacking flurry from Perth.
The visitor's best chances of equalising came In injury time: a close-range Jacob Italiano header was narrowly wide and a Diego Castro shot in the last minute went straight to 'keeper Paul Izzo.
"We pushed to get something out of it," Perth coach Kenny Lowe said.
"But maybe a little of bit of (lack of) finishing our opportunities, that is the way it is going for us at present."
Adelaide's only downers were the injuries to Elsey and Gulum.
Elsey was substituted with concussion with about 35 minutes remaining after falling heavily when leaping in an attempt to volley.
And their central defensive partner Gulum hobbled off with 10 minutes to go with an apparent left ankle injury.
Reds coach Marco Kurz said Elsey appeared to have avoided serious injury.
"He is okay (but) the doctor asked them ... and they didn't know the result," Kurz said.
"I'm not sure with Gulum's ankle, but we will see."
- AAP
Godrej Properties is the dominant outspoken ace up sleeve developer which has fit a benchmark erstwhile again by introducing Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon , a dressy launch fully furnished project extended at the heels of a a whale of research on dwelling of humans. Nature plays a time signature role in our load off such mind, contained in each research. It was seen when action has been marked in cities which was by a wide margin terrible now humans were greater vulnerable to contend and distinctive problems everything being equal of feel a dearth of of reality of humor, cities tell tales out of school, nation, poison, and distinctive other reasons. This style, Godrej Meridien is a practice step ahead to provide enjoyable and reticent living to the residents and it is besides located in the promising motion picture studio of Dwarka Expressway, Sector 106, Gurgaon.
Gurgaon is donation antithetical types of properties to part of upcoming and firm neighborhoods. The outstanding part of this concrete jungle is perfect enjoys quite a little connectivity to Delhi mutually NH8. It has several communal roads which are laid out at the proper time to provide also connectivity mutually Dwarka Cyber City. Located at Dwarka Expressway, Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon offers at variance ranges of homes, including 2BHK, 3BHK, and 4BHK and distinct ecstatic and fully furnished homes for the connoisseurs of luxury. The flats have been designed contained in each the increasing charge and needs of the residents.
To equal the needs of residents to provide enjoyable and by seat of one pants surroundings, Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon has been developed well. It is jelly during sumptuous green 14.5 acres of plot which is capped by herbs and trees. In this residential project, you will see the complacent and innate surroundings to what place you will gat a bang out of the chirping of birds, satisfying landscapes, crepuscular light, kismet gazing views, moonlight, shower and various intuitive elements at the love of your home. You will eke out a living the period savor traditional skeptic in the ego of the city. The excellent part is that this residency is cleanly equipped by en masse of generally told the best-in-class all the comforts of home that are by the skin of one tooth to face in barring no one other project. It has en masse the advanced all the comforts of home to equal the needs of customers.
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties's Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home. We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Visit the website for getting apartments
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej/
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi in Pune |
Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon |
Godrej Bellery Road in bangalore |
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida | Godrej Origins Vikhroli in Mumbai
Booking Starts for best affordable home Now. Call us at +919810047296
Alec Baldwin, host of ABC's Match Game and a potential talk show, is adding another role to their Alphabet network resume.
ABC has given a straight-to-series order to an untitled multi-camera family comedy co-created by the 30 Rock actor, along with Kenya Barris (black-ish) and Julie Bean (grown-ish), our sister site Deadline reports.
The show — which is being developed as a possible starring vehicle for Baldwin — follows an opinionated former TV star who moves in with their liberal daughter, their girlfriend and their child.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Costa Ronin (The Americans) will recur during Season 7 of Homeland in an undisclosed role, our sister site Variety reports.
RELATEDHomeland Adds The Good Wife Alum Dylan Baker to Season 7 Cast
* Fox's Brooklyn Nine-Nine will make its syndication debut on TBS on Thursday, Jan. 4, with episodes airing every Thursday from 7 to 11 pm ET/PT.
* Amazon has released a new trailer for Mozart in the Jungle Season 4, premiering Friday, Feb. 16:
Army Ranger and Benghazi survivor Kris Paronto shredded David Hogg's attempt to blame school shootings on gun ownership.
Hogg tweeted:
Remeber a time when there wasn't a school shooting every week? I don't because I wasn't alive. — David Hogg (@davidhogg111) May 27, 2018
Paronto responded with a tweet that showed Hogg in a vagina hat and allowed the former Army Ranger to correct the record:
I remember, it was before your generation started shooting up the schools David, even though we still had guns. Thank you for confirming..again…that it's not the gun, it's person, and in particular you & your peers millennial culture. @davidhogg111 #whenhoggsaysstupidshit #2A pic.twitter.com/NPf8Qsoqtt — Kris Paronto (@KrisParonto) May 27, 2018
The Daily Wire reports that Paronto “was part of the CIA annex security team that responded to the attack in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012, helping to save nearly two dozen lives during the siege for over 13 hours.​”
In 2015 Paronto told KETV that they and their men were ready to go “five minutes in” to receiving word that the Benghazi consulate was under attack, but were told to “wait.”
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
DEAL DONE: Atlético Madrid captain Gabi has joined Qatari side Al Sadd, where they will link up with former Barcelona great Xavi Hernandez. (Source: @atletienglish) pic.twitter.com/Gi2F6woY2b
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) — The Detroit Lions have earned the right to keep their hopes of making the playoffs for at least another week.
Perhaps fittingly, they did it by making enough plays late in a game to win.
Detroit ended its second losing streak of two or more games this season, going 49 yards to set up Matt Prater's 46-yard field goal to beat Tampa Bay 24-21 Sunday.
In Jim Caldwell's four seasons, the Lions lead the league with 20 wins on drives in the fourth quarter or overtime.
Advertisement
“The biggest thing is they are not daunted by some huge task and adversity,” Caldwell said Monday. “They use it more as a friend than a foe.”
Detroit (7-6) faces Chicago (4-9) at home Saturday, aiming to close the regular season strong enough to stay in postseason contention.
The Lions will have to win their next three games and get some — or a lot — of help to reach the playoffs for the second straight time and third overall under Caldwell.
Carolina (9-4), New Orleans (9-4) and Atlanta (8-5) are all ahead of them in the NFC, and they all beat Detroit to own a potential tiebreaker.
Detroit's best chance to beat the Bears, win at Cincinnati and defeat Green Bay at home is to protect quarterback Matthew Stafford as well as it did against the Buccaneers.
Stafford was not sacked for the first time in a game this season. They were sacked 13 times the previous four games and stepped on once, leading to them throwing with a banged-up hand.
“Matthew's been incredible in that sense,” Caldwell said. “Tough. Hard-nosed. Quick healer. And when they don't heal exactly like you'd want to and feel great, they find a way to play through them and play well through them. So, that's an unusual trait.”
Stafford usually doesn't have much of a running game, forcing them to throw a lot and lately they have been very accurate in the one-dimensional offense that relies on their right arm.
 They are the first NFL player to complete at least 80 percent of their passes in consecutive road games with at least 29 attempts. Against Tampa Bay, they were 36 of 44 and their 81.8 percent completion rate tied for the third-best by an NFL player with at least 44 passes in a game.
“Our guys on the training staff did an unbelievable job helping me out getting this feeling as good as I possibly could,” Stafford said. “Our guys did a great job of keeping me upright and they allowed me to sit in there and throw the ball around and make the game feel pretty good.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Larry Lage at www.twitter.com/larrylage
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA — Video has captured a gorilla walking upright for several seconds — all to keep their hands clean, according to zoo officials.
The Philadelphia Zoo posted the video on Twitter March 5. It's since been shared or liked nearly 5,500 times.
Gorillas don't typically move around bipedally, a term for walking upright on two legs, over long distances, the zoo posted.
Louis, however, likes to keep their hands clean.
"He can often be seen walking bipedal when their hands are full of snack or when the ground is muddy (so they don't get their hands dirty)!" the zoo posted.
The Philadelphia Zoo wrote in a 2015 blog post about Louis:
“When caught out in a rainstorm, he'll run bipedally across the yard to seek cover, and when they accidentally step in mud, he'll find a leaf or a paper bag and wipe their hand or foot off until they are clean again.”
A curator told the Associated Press that 18-year-old Louis cares about their cleanliness so much that the zoo had to install a fire hose over a mud puddle in the gorilla's yard. Louis walks across it like he's on a tightrope.
United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) officials have claimed the organisation is leading by example amid what they described as a "tepid" response from the sporting world to the doping scandal in Russia - a country which they claim was "punished in appearance only".
The remarks, made by USADA chairperson Edwin Moses and chief executive Travis Tygart, came as the organisation published its annual report for 2017.
According to the report, USADA conducted 9,900 tests in 2017 and reached over 10,000 athletes with its education programme.
The organisation also received 144 actionable tips, which led to 10 anti-doping sanctions, out of a total 665.
USADA also advocated for global anti-doping reform during a Congressional hearing early in 2017.
Tygart and two-time Olympic 400 metres hurdles champion Moses used the foreword to the report to criticise the way the Russian scandal was handled.
Russia was found to have directed a "systematic manipulation" of the anti-doping system at their home Winter Olympic Games in Sochi in 2014.
It led to the International Olympic Committee banning the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC), forcing the country to compete as neutrals at Pyeongchang 2018.
USADA chief executive Travis Tygart has been one of the leading critics of the way sport dealt with the Russian doping scandal ©Getty Images
The ROC were reinstated, however, just days after the conclusion of the Olympics in the South Korean resort.
"This constant vigilance in the fight for clean sport was especially necessary in 2017," Moses and Tygart wrote.
"Recognising the values at stake and a tepid response from some in the international community, USADA redoubled our efforts to advance the international fight for clean sport, largely by partnering with athletes and national anti-doping organisations worldwide to collectively compel meaningful deterrence and accountability.
"Although these efforts placed anti-doping in the international spotlight, a greater global commitment to clean sport is still hanging in the balance, which became painfully clear when the largest doping scandal in history was punished in appearance only.
"This decision, and many others, once again made clean athletes around the world question the reality of ever competing on a truly level playing field.
"With these setbacks and challenges in mind, USADA will continue utilizing every available resource and strategy in the fight for global reforms to restore clean athletes' rights and protect their irreplaceable moments."
The full report can be read here.
US President Donald Trump has boasted a number of military moves over the course of the last two weeks. From their Tomahawk cruise missile strike on a Syrian airfield, the dispatching of a carrier naval group to the Korean Peninsula, and the unleashing the "mother of all bombs" on Afghanistan, analysts worldwide have a lot to work out. Is there a broader strategy to all of this?
​Ann Wright served for 29 years in the US Army and for 16 at the State Department, where they resigned in protest of the invasion of Iraq under George W. Bush.
"I am very discouraged and very worried about this," they told Loud & Clear host Becker. "Donald Trump last week told in a press conference that he's give the US military total authorization, and whatever they do is fine with him."
© AP Photo/ Alex Brandon Trump, Erdoğan Agree on Assad's Responsibility for Alleged Chemical Attack
Certainly, Trump's reversal on their campaign's foreign policy positions may be motivated by something quite concrete. As Becker noted, after the events of the past two weeks, many of Trump's critics have started to change their tunes, shifting from fierce opposition to praise, and congratulating Trump for "acting presidential."
"It was very striking to me that to be considered presidential, the US president has to become a war criminal," Cindy Sheenan told Becker.
The problem here, according to Becker, may lie in Trump's personality. Calling Trump a "narcissist," Becker noted that this new "presidential" praise may well encourage them to stay this new course in the future.
But as Wright argues, to attribute the US' most recent military moves to Trump alone may miss the mark. If what the president said is true, some, if not all, of these decisions have been made in large part by the generals, not by the commander-in-chief.
Time will tell, it seems, but as Becker notes, the US may soon have the military as a complete substitute for civilian diplomacy.
President Francois Hollande flew into Iraq on Monday and told French troops stationed there they were hoping for “a year of victory against terrorism”.
The Socialist president, whose country has faced a series of militant attacks in the past two years, said the soldiers serving in a U.S.-led coalition were preventing more mass killings at home.
“Everything that contributes to reconstructing Iraq is an additional step to avoiding Daesh strikes on our own territory,” Hollande said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.
Hollande has seen their popularity rating plummet since taking office, amid frustration over their handling of the economy and national security. They have said they will not stand again in presidential elections this year.
They will travel later on Monday to the Kurdish city of Erbil, where France will deliver some 38 tonnes of humanitarian aid, including medicine, officials said.
Islamic State attacked an Iraqi police checkpoint near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday, killing seven police officers as government forces in the north made more gains against the militants in Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for the group's self-styled caliphate in the areas it seized in 2014, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Bill Jones, second from right, listens during their 2007 inauguration as president of Columbia International University. Jeff Blake/jblake@thestate.com
SACREMENTO, Calif. (AP) - There is no law in California requiring students to use Arabic numbers in schools - because they already do.
A post by the Last Line of Defense claimed Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law a requirement that students learn Arabic numerals. But California students, like others around the world, already use the Hindu-Arabic numeral system.
Brown's deputy press secretary Brian Ferguson says the post serves to "stoke fear and misinformation."
Ferguson says California encourages young people to study Hindu-Arabic numerals - "or as we call them, 'numbers.''"
The photo the conservative site shared of Brown speaking at a bill-signing ceremony was from a July event in San Francisco about climate change.
___
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
DETROIT (WWJ) — The alcohol business is booming in Michigan, according to data from the Michigan Liquor Control Commission.
MLive reported today that the alcohol industry in the state of Michigan is worth $6 billion and it is only growing. Those numbers were based on the Michigan Liquor Control Commission's most recent report, which is gathered from the state's wholesale distribution system. This doesn't include beer and wine, but those numbers can be compiled from the state's beer and wine tax.
The numbers may seem alarming but on average enough alcohol is sold in Michigan for every single resident — regardless of age — to consume eight drinks per week, the Michigan-based media service reported.
Of the three alcohol groups — beer, wine and liquor — beer made up for 82 percent of sales compared to 11 percent for wine and 7 percent for liquor. However, more money is spent on liquor. Beer and wine only account for 35 percent and 13 percent of alcohol money spent while liquor is 52 percent.
Another interesting component of the report was seeing how and where in the state people are buying their alcohol. Mackinac County was the top liquor consuming county based on 2016 per-capita wholesale liquor purchases by restaurants, bars and retailers, while Tuscola County was last.
When it comes to the most popular source of alcohol that goes to Meijer, which accounts for roughly 15 percent of all wholesale liquor purchases in Michigan. The top three sources all belong to northern parts of Michigan, but the Meijer on Ann Arbor-Saline Road in Ann Arbor ranked fourth for wholesale liquor purchases.
Ever wanted to see Tewkesbury from way up high?
Well you're in luck.
You can now head to the top of Tewkesbury Abbey's tower and take in the views of the town.
The Abbey has launched tours until mid September, which takes groups of whatever size to the very top.
But it's quite the climb, with 200 steps to get to the top.
But the view is more than worth it, with knowledgeable guides on hand to share information about the tower.
Pre-booked tours cost £5 per person and can be booked all year round by calling 01684 850959 or emailing office@tewkesburyabbey.org.uk
You must be over 8 years old to go on the tour.
DVF'S WINNERS' CIRCLE: U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor will receive the Lifetime Achievement Award and ballerina and activist Misty Copeland will take home the Inspiration award at the 9th Annual DVF Awards that take place April 13 at the United Nations in New York.
Other award winners that evening will be Ariela Suster from El Salvador, who is the founder of the fashion and accessories brand Sequence, a social enterprise with the mission to disrupt the cycle of violence that limits at risk youth, who will receive the International Award.
Also winning the International Award is Jaha Dukureh from The Gambia, who is the chief executive officer and founder of the non-government organization, “Safe Hands for Girls” that provides support to African women and girls who are survivors of female genital mutilation and child marriages and addresses their lifelong, harmful physical and psychological consequences.
A People's Voice Award will be selected from several nominees by popular vote and be revealed March 26. The nominees are Erin Loos Cutraro of They Should Run; Luma Mufleh of Fugees Family Inc.; Laura Hackney and Jessica Hubley of AnnieCannons Inc. and Georgie Smith of A Sense of Home. Voting is currently live on dvfawards.com.
The DVF Awards were created in 2010 by Diane von Furstenberg and The Diller-von Furstenberg Family Foundation to recognize and support women who are using their resources, commitment and visibility to transform the lives of other women.
Apple went all-out in its patent assault on Samsung beginning in 2012, when Steve Jobs' promised "thermonuclear war" against Android became a reality. The patents used by the Cupertino device maker weren't just challenged in court, though. Various parties have challenged Apple's most important patents at the US Patent and Trademark Office, as well.
On Friday, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued an opinion (PDF) about an "ex parte reexam," filed against Apple's patent by an anonymous party. The reexam claimed that one of the patents upholding Apple's big win against Samsung, US Patent No. 7,844,915, never should have been issued at all. The '915 patent was described in a general way as the "pinch to zoom" patent, but its claims describe a way of distinguishing between one-touch and two-touch operations.
In 2013, the US Patent and Trademark Office's reexamination unit rejected all claims of Apple's '915 patent. A patent appeal board upheld the cancelation, leaving Apple to turn to the Federal Circuit, which has ultimate jurisdiction. On Friday, a panel of Federal Circuit judges sided with the patent office on some of the claims, but revived three others.
The judges found that the Board was correct about the "scroll and gesture limitation" part of the patent, which was properly rejected. But it had a different definition of the "rubberbanding" limitation.
This gets even more confusing because a different Apple patent, the '381 patent, is generally referred to as the "rubberbanding" or "bounce-back" patent. But the '915 patent also describes some elements of rubberbanding. When you pull down content on an iPhone, the phone takes a particular action—typically refreshing the page—if you pull past a certain point. The content then snaps back up, like a rubber band.
Tiny tweak
The Board of Patent Appeals found that Apple's "rubberbanding" patent claims were obvious in light of an earlier 2003 patent application by America Online, invented by Luigi Lira. That application describes a user scrolling between columns in a way that would cause another column to "snap into alignment with the display window."
So, a touchscreen, a pulling motion, and then the content "snaps into alignment"—in the view of the Patent Office, AOL had a kind of "rubberbanding," invented years before Apple launched the first iPhone.
Federal Circuit judges who considered the matter, though, said the Board improperly looked at all types of "rubberbanding." The judges gave weight to Apple's point that the earlier Lira patent "teaches that the screen should 'snap' to the next region of content" and achieved "the opposite effect from rubberbanding." Because the board should have limited its definition of rubberbanding to "sliding content backwards," the judges revived claims 2, 9, and 16 of the patent, remanding it for further consideration.
Although this is just one piece of the seemingly never-ending Apple v. Samsung conflict, it is a significant one—the '915 patent was one of a few non-design patents that Apple won significant damages for.
Looked at in a broader sense, the battle over the '915 patent is a pattern that has been repeated over and over again. Just like other patent holders, Apple tells judges and juries that its inventions were a "revolution" that should remain pristine icons of American innovation, untouched and unused by competitors. Upon further review, though, there are always earlier technologies that did almost exactly the same thing. When it comes down to brass tacks, Apple's inventions aren't so revolutionary; they're tiny tweaks to UI. The fact that the top patent judges in the country think that Apple should get a monopoly over snapping "backward," when snapping "forward" was invented years before, tells you a lot about how we got into the messy patent system we're in today.
What Apple did incredibly well was to package and execute ideas that weren't that new. The combination of the iPhone's concepts, design, and execution was truly revolutionary. But you can't get a reward for that in the form of a patent, at least not one that holds up under real scrutiny. Of course, a patent skeptic might argue that the billions of dollars in iPhone sales that Apple reaped were a pretty good reward.
Before we end, here's a brief recap on the state of play in the two big US lawsuits between the companies.
The first Apple v. Samsung case ended up with a $399 million win for Apple after two jury trials and other tweaks to the damages figure. The case went to the US Supreme Court, which heard oral argument in October. The justices ended up tossing the case back to the Federal Circuit for yet another recalculation of damages.
The second trial ended up with a $120 million win for Apple, which was ultimately upheld by the full Federal Circuit in October. Samsung has asked the Supreme Court to look at that, as well. If the justices aren't interested in hearing a second Apple v. Samsung case, then Apple's win will stand.
Bono and the guys in U2 are big football fans, as in soccer.
So when they sang about “Sunday Bloody Sunday” and “New Year's Day,” they had no intention of describing the end of the 2016 NFL season.
Yet, the firings of Chip Kelly and Trent Baalke in San Francisco, Mike McCoy in San Diego, and the resignation of Gary Kubiak for health reasons in Denver certainly rang true to those rock classics.
Usually, the axings take place the day after the regular season concludes. Except, of course, for the teams in a rush to get into the personnel market extra early, which in '16 were the Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan).
On Sunday, while other franchises were scrambling to make the playoffs or improve their postseason standing, the coaching carousel spun wildly in California. With Fisher already canned in Los Angeles, Kelly and McCoy became unemployed within an hour of each other.
Both moves were predictable, as was the release of Baalke, whose success as a GM with the 49ers now, it's clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him. Baalke won a power struggle with Harbaugh, who headed to Michigan. The Niners became historically bad without him, and Baalke's choice of Kelly to work with such a weak roster looks worse than hiring caretaker Jim Tomsula after Harbaugh left. At least Tomsula went 5-11, three more victories than Kelly managed.
Indeed, their only wins in a 2-14 record came against the Rams, so maybe LA owner Stan Kroenke will turn to Kelly.
Don't count on it.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
The new direction for the Chargers looks like it will be north a bit to become a tenant of Kroenke and the Rams in the new Inglewood, California palace that will open in a few years. McCoy's team lost its last five games and finished second for two straight seasons in the tough AFC West. Injuries tore it apart, too, but with the focus on whether the Chargers would move to LA, it was hard to judge what kind of job McCoy was doing.
Apparently Chargers chairperson Dean Spanos wants a totally fresh start when the club abandons its long-time home.
Which means both of the new teams in Los Angeles, which was without the NFL since 1995 until the Rams moved back last year, will be riding the coaching carousel.
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton? What about Bears coach John Fox?
Safe for another year are Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan, who the Jets are bringing back. And Cleveland coach Hue Jackson, despite a 1-15 record. And Marvin Lewis despite the meltdown in Cincinnati.
The saddest news comes from Denver. Never was there a question about Gary Kubiak returning after leading the Broncos to their Super Bowl win last February. But Kubiak's health issues forced them to step aside, disappointing fans, players and John Elway alike.
“We love Kube, we love how they treated us,” said cornerback Aqib Talib. “We pray they get healthy.”
Denver won't have any trouble filling Kubiak's spot. One of the hot candidates, for example, is Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, son of Mike Shanahan, who coached Elway to two Super Bowl championships.
Given how well Kubiak fit in the Broncos' family, such a hire makes a lot of sense.
Then again, sensibility isn't always a criterion in NFL coaching circles.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
As we are getting closer and closer to the all-new Wrangler's reveal, more details are starting to emerge about the long-awaited off roader codenamed “JL.” Bruce Baumhower, president of United Auto Workers Local 12, has confirmed in an interview with Toledo Blade that regular production of the next-gen Wrangler will commence in November, while pre-production is scheduled to kick off “much earlier.”
In order to get everything ready for the new Wrangler, Jeep will partially shut down for six months its Toledo plant in Ohio to retool starting with April. Part of the reorganizing will require moving Cherokee production to Illinois in Chicago at the Belvidere factory where assembly of the old Compass and Patriot came to an end on December 23rd.
The current Wrangler JK will soldier on during these months without any interruptions as Baumhower says “the plant's going to continue to run the current Wrangler just like they always have, working six or seven days a week.” As a matter of fact, the JK is expected to remain in production until March next year when FCA will close that part of the factory responsible for production to get it ready for the Wrangler pickup pictured below, according to Toledo Blade.
It effectively means there's going to be an overlap of about five months, starting with November this year when the JL will enter production and until March 2018 when the JK's assembly will be terminated. That being said, the folks over at JL Wrangler Forums have it on good authority the current Wrangler will actually remain in production until June next year, which would mean the two Wranglers would co-exist for about eight months.
It doesn't come as a big surprise the JK will not be retired very soon taking into account a recent report indicates Jeep has plans for no less than six special editions: Sport Freedom, Sahara Winter, Sport Big Bear, Sahara Chief, Sahara Smoky, and Rubicon Recon.
FCA hasn't said a word about when and where it plans to reveal the next Wrangler, but it's probably going to take place in the second half of the year, with the pickup to follow at some point in 2018.
Source: Toledo Blade via JL Wrangler Forums
GARDENIA BAKERIES Philippines, Inc.'s first bread factory in Mindanao will be operational by the third quarter this year, the company announced on Tuesday. Gardenia President Simplicio P. Umali, Jr., in a statement, said the plant, located at the PHIVIDEC Industrial Estate in Misamis Oriental, would ensure a more stable supply as well as allow the firm to expand its market in the southern island. Gardenia breads are currently shipped to Mindanao from the Cebu plant. “The construction of our bread plant in Mindanao is well underway and now almost halfway to completion,” Mr. Umali said. The P1-billion facility will be under the management of Nutrimax Fresh-Baked Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Gardenia International Pte. Ltd. Singapore, Gardenia's parent company.
Event Description:
In partnership with a national soil collection effort on the part of the Equal Justice Initiative (https://eji.org/ and, specifically, https://eji.org/videos/soil-collection-community-remembrance-project), local Joplin citizens are coming together on Sunday, April 15, 2018, the 115th anniversary of the terror lynching of Thomas Gilyard for soil collection and memorial service.
On April 15, 1903, according to local news reports, “an infuriated mob of several hundred men battered down the wall of the city jail and dragged Thomas Gilyard, a 20-year-old negro, charged with murdering a police officer, and in broad daylight hanged them to a telephone pole two blocks from the jail in the heart of Joplin.”
Mr. Gilyard never got a fair trial. And the terror message spread to the entire black community. After lynching Mr. Gilyard, the mob raided Joplin's black district, firing guns, burning homes, and threatening to drive every black resident from Joplin. One news article reporting on the violence claimed “police were powerless” to stop the attack.
Soil will be collected from the southwest corner of the 200 block of West 2nd street, where Mr. Gilyard was killed, and will be sent to Montgomery for EJI's soil collection project. Representatives of the city and the church will be on hand, and the community is invited to attend.
Dates:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The orbit of odd political claims stretched from Utah canyons to the looming Alabama Senate race to crazy-as-usual Washington in recent days.
That's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements from President Donald Trump and others last week.
In addition, earlier comments by Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore about their decades-old behavior with teens drew scrutiny that dominated the last leg of the campaign for Alabama's election. Trump pitched Moore's candidacy at a rally in Pensacola, Florida, close to the Alabama line.
A look at some of their statements:
TRUMP, surveying the crowd at their Pensacola rally Friday night: “Look at these guys, ‘blacks for Trump.' I love you. I love you. By the way, now that you bring it up, black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country. Congratulations.”
THE FACTS: Not true or even close.
The U.S. Census finds that the black homeownership rate peaked during 2004, when 49.7 percent of black households owned homes. (The rate for all races that year reached 69.2 percent, also a modern record.) The black homeownership rate stayed in similar territory until the recession, when it dropped to the mid-40s.
This year: 42.7 percent in the first quarter, 42.3 percent in the second and 42 percent in the third. That's an uptick from last year but far from a record. Quarterly rates this year for the total U.S. population: 63.6 percent, 63.7 percent and 63.9 percent.
___
TRUMP: “You know, we have factories pouring back into our country. Did you ever think you would hear that? I used to tell you, that's going to happen.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Factories are not pouring into the country, according to available data. Spending on the construction of factories has dropped 14 percent over the past 12 months. There has been a steady decline in spending on factory construction since the middle of 2015 — a trend Trump has yet to reverse despite their claims otherwise.
The existing manufacturing sector, though, has been doing a steady dose of hiring. This appears to reflect the synchronized global growth that has aided a rebound in manufacturing after setbacks in 2016 from a stronger dollar and low energy prices. In November, manufacturing added 31,000 jobs for a gain of 189,000 from a year earlier.
___
TRUMP: “So we're at 3.3 percent GDP. I see no reason why we don't go to 4 percent, 5 percent and even 6 percent.” Speaks of GDP “getting up to 4, 5, and even 6 percent, because I think that's possible.” — Cabinet meeting Wednesday.
THE FACTS: Anything's possible, but to get serious: There are no signs the economy is capable of delivering a phenomenal and rarely achieved growth rate in the order of 6 percent, or even 5. Or even 4.
Federal Reserve officials and most mainstream economists expect economic growth to hew closer to 2 percent. The economy last cleared the 6 percent hurdle in 1984 and only for that fleeting year, at 7.3 percent. This was a different time, when baby boomers were at prime working ages, instead of today when they're starting to retire. The Federal Reserve had boosted growth by steadily slashing a key interest rate from its 1981 peak of 20 percent, while the Fed today is slowly increasing the same rate. Also, the national debt was much lower.
The tax cuts Trump may soon sign into law would probably max out at roughly $250 billion in 2020. Yet to generate growth of 6 percent, those cuts would have to spur a massive $1.2 trillion gain to the gross domestic product. Their administration has failed to produce a single analysis showing how this would be possible, while outside analysts say the tax cuts are unlikely to generate anything close to what Trump has said.
___
TRUMP, on scaling back national monument lands in Utah: “We have seen how this tragic federal overreach prevents many Native Americans from having their rightful voice over the sacred land where they practice their most important ancestral and religious traditions. … We've seen many rural families stopped from enjoying their outdoor activities, and the fact that they've done it all their lives made no difference to the bureaucrats in Washington.” — remarks in Salt Lake City, Dec. 4.
THE FACTS: Native rights are generally enshrined on national monument lands. So are other existing public uses of the land. Native Americans say their voice on sacred land is imperiled by Trump's move, not empowered.
Five tribes lobbied President Barack Obama to declare Bears Ears a national monument to preserve lands that are home to ancient cliff dwellings and an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites. Native Americans visit to perform ceremonies, collect herbs and wood for medicinal and spiritual purposes, and do healing rituals. The tribes sued Monday night challenging Trump's move to shrink Bears Ears by 85 percent.
Environmental groups have filed a suit challenging Trump's decision to shrink Grand Staircase-Escalante by nearly half. They say their move endangers a “Dinosaur Shangri-La” of fossils.
Public uses, such as hiking, ranching, hunting and fishing, are allowed on the monument lands. The central issue is whether the land should be opened to mining or other resource or commercial development.
___
TRUMP: “As many of you know, past administrations have severely abused the purpose, spirit and intent of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act. This law requires that only the smallest necessary area be set aside for special protection as national monuments.” — in Salt Lake City, Dec. 4.
THE FACTS: That's not exactly what Teddy Roosevelt's 1906 preservation law says. It states, in essence, that the federal government should not bite off more than it can chew when a president designates an area for protection. It doesn't demand that such land be kept to a minimum. Such protected land “shall be confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected,” it says.
___
MOORE, on women who said they had a romantic relationship with them when they were in their teens: “I do not know any of these women, nor have I ever engaged in sexual misconduct with anyone.” ”Let me state once again: I do not know any of these women, did not date any of these women and have not engaged in any sexual misconduct with anyone.” — comments during campaign stops in Henagar and Theodore, Nov. 27 and 29.
THE FACTS: In at least two cases, they knew them before they didn't know them.
In a Nov. 10 radio interview with Sean Hannity, Moore said they remembered two of the women, Debbie Wesson Gibson and Gloria Deason, who were 17 and 18 at the time.
They said they didn't remember dating them. Asked by Hannity if they generally dated teenagers as a man in their 30s, Moore replied, “Not generally, no. If I did, you know, I'm not going to dispute anything, but I don't remember anything like that.”
Altogether, five women have stepped up to say Moore pursued them as teens.
Leigh Corfman said Moore touched them sexually when they were 14; they denied that. The age of consent in Alabama is 16.
Moore's campaign said they were only denying knowing women who have accused them of sexual assault. But Moore said in a campaign stop they didn't know any of the women featured in their Democratic opponent's ads. Democrat Doug Jones has run ads with the photos of all of the women who have come forward about Moore.
One of the women has acknowledged that they wrote part of an entry in their high school yearbook that was initially presented as coming from Moore. But no one has refuted their claim that Moore signed their yearbook with a salutation.
___
TRUMP: “Working with Republicans in Congress, we've already signed 88 pieces of legislation. We get no credit. They always say, well, President Trump really needs this tax bill because they haven't passed any legislation. Well, so far in 10 months we've passed more during this period of time than any other president in the history of our country and the second — let's call runner-up — is Harry Truman, was second.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Trump's first-year legislative record pales next to that of a variety of presidents (Franklin Roosevelt, with their New Deal, signed 14 historic laws in their first 100 days). The tax package Trump may soon sign would mark their first major legislative achievement after months of false starts and frustrations on health care and more. Their promised infrastructure initiative got sidelined but appears in the offing.
Trump signed a law strengthening accountability at the Veterans Affairs Department, used executive orders to roll back Obama-era regulations and policies and, perhaps most significantly, won confirmation of a conservative Supreme Court justice, Neil Gorsuch. But legislatively, their record is thin, despite having Republican majorities in Congress.
All presidents sign plenty of bills that have little consequence; most don't make so much of it. Among Trump's routine signings: naming a Veterans Affairs health clinic in Butler County, Pennsylvania, after Bataan Death March survivor Abie Abraham, appointing a regent at the Smithsonian Institution and naming a federal building and courthouse in Nashville, Tennessee, after late Sen. Fred Thompson.
___
TRUMP on a conversation with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about trade: “He said, ‘I'm telling you that Canada has a deficit with the United States.' I told my people, in front of a lot of people, I said, go out and check — and they were right. Except they forgot two categories — lumber, timber and energy. Other than that, they were right. When you add them altogether we actually have a $17 billion deficit with Canada, right? So, they forgot a couple of categories that they didn't want to mention.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Trump's accounting is puzzling and at odds with U.S. trade statistics.
Trudeau is right that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada, according to those numbers.
“Exports were $320.1 billion; imports were $307.6 billion,” says the U.S. trade representative's office. “The U.S. goods and services trade surplus with Canada was $12.5 billion in 2016.”
The U.S. ran a $12.1 billion deficit with Canada in trade on goods. That was offset by a $24.6 billion surplus in trade of services.
Trump may have been ignoring services — half of the equation on trade — but if so their numbers still don't match their government's.
___
TRUMP on their critics in Washington: “They will lie and leak and smear because they don't want to accept the results of an election where we won by a landslide.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Their win was far from a landslide.
Their winning margin in the Electoral College is far closer to the narrowest win in history than to the widest.
The final Electoral College margin was Trump 306, Hillary Clinton 232, for a winning percentage of just under 57 percent. That ranks the 2016 election as the 13th closest of the 58 presidential elections in U.S. history, according to a tally by Claremont McKenna College political scientist John Pitney. Obama won both of their presidential elections with bigger Electoral College margins: 61 percent in 2008 and 62 percent in 2012. Trump's margin was narrower than all but two of the last 10 presidential elections — those of George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004.
As well, they lost the popular vote to Clinton.
___
TRUMP: “By the way, wages — starting to go up. First time in 20 years — starting to go up. That's all going to happen.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: It's not true that wages haven't gone up for 20 years.
The latest jobs report shows average hourly earnings up 2.5 percent over the past 12 months, roughly the same pace of growth as the year before, when Obama was president. Wages were rising faster in December 2016, up by 2.9 percent. Average hourly wage figures are volatile, but they don't show an upward trend under Trump.
The last time unemployment was this low — in 2000 — that figure was rising at 4 percent.
Inflation-adjusted median household incomes, meantime, have barely budged for several decades.
___
Associated Press writers Kim Chandler in Montgomery, Alabama; Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City; and Christopher S. Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Find AP Fact Checks at https://apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A cold front moves through Tuesday afternoon reinforcing cold air and bringing windy conditions. We'll be breezy through the afternoon with northwest wind at 10 to 15mph and gusts up to 25mph. North Georgia will experience stronger wind with advisories likely put in place for sustained wind at 20mph and gusts up to 35mph.
Wednesday is off to a cooler start in the upper 20s with a calm and sunny afternoon in the lower 50s. Thursday and Friday are more seasonable with mornings in the mid to upper 30s and afternoons in the upper 50s. Another cold front comes through Thursday, but it won't bring any precipitation with it. The next best shot for rain showers isn't until this coming Monday.
Discovery by UC Riverside researchers helps unravel more than 40-year mystery and could greatly improve battery performance in electronic devices and electric vehicles
RIVERSIDE, Calif. (http://www. ucr. edu ) -- High performing lithium-ion batteries are a key component of laptops, smart phones, and electric vehicles. Currently, the anodes, or negative charged side of lithium-ion batteries, are generally made with graphite or other carbon-based materials.
But, the performance of carbon based materials is limited because of the weight and energy density, which is the amount of energy that can be stored in a given space. As a result, a lot of research is focused on lithium-metal anodes.
The success of lithium metal anodes will enable many battery technologies, including lithium metal and lithium air, which can potentially increase the capacity of today's best lithium-ion batteries five to 10 times. That would mean five to 10 times more range for electric vehicles and smartphone batteries lasting five to 10 times more time. Lithium metal anodes are also lighter and less expensive.
The problem with lithium-ion batteries made with metal is that during charge cycles they uncontrollably grow dendrites, which are microscopic fibers that look like tree sprouts. The dendrites degrade the performance of the battery and also present a safety issue because they can short circuit the battery and in some cases catch fire.
A team of researchers at the University of California, Riverside has made a significant advancement in solving the more than 40-year-old dendrite problem. Their findings were just published in the journal Chemistry of Materials.
The team discovered that by coating the battery with an organic compound called methyl viologen they are able to stabilize battery performance, eliminate dendrite growth and increase the lifetime of the battery by more than three times compared to the current standard electrolyte used with lithium metal anodes.
"This has the potential to change the future," said Chao Wang, an adjunct assistant professor of chemistry at UC Riverside who is the lead author of the paper. "It is low cost, easily manipulated and compatible with the current lithium-ion battery industry."
The researchers designed a new strategy to form a stable coating to enhance the lifetime of lithium-metal anodes. They used methyl viologen, which has been used in other applications because of its ability to change color when reduced.
The methyl viologen molecule used by the researchers can be dissolved in the electrolytes in the charged states. Once the molecules meet the lithium metal, they are immediately reduced to form a stable coating on top of the metal electrode.
By adding only .5 percent of viologen into the electrolyte, the cycling lifetime can already be enhanced by three times. In addition, methyl viologen is very low in cost and can easily be scaled up.
The stable operation of lithium metal anodes, which the researchers have achieved with the addition of methyl viologen, could enable the development of next generation high-capacity batteries, including lithium metal batteries and lithium air batteries.
Wang cautioned that while the coating improves battery performance, it isn't a way to prevent batteries from catching fire.
###
The paper is called: "In Situ Formation of Stable Interfacial Coating for High Performance Lithium Metal Anodes." In addition to Wang, the co-authors are: Hai P. Wu, Yue Cao, and Lin Geng, all of UC Riverside.
The UCR Office of Technology Commercialization has filed a patent application for the inventions above.
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in their broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking their leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says their leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating their tendons.  They are scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture they sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series.  They are expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
• The Led Zeppelin Experience, featuring tribute band No Quarter, plays tonight at The Depot, 400 W. South Temple, Salt Lake City. Show starts at 9 p.m. Tickets are $20, at Smith's Tix.
• Twang/funk rock band Jelly Bread performs tonight at The State Room, 638 S. State St., Salt Lake City. Show starts at 9 p.m. Tickets are $13, at Ticketfly.
• Pop-punk band For the Win performs Saturday at The Loading Dock, 445 S. 400 West, Salt Lake City. Opening: Rookie of the Year, The New Low, The Archives, PhantomFuture. Show starts at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are $10 in advance, $12 on the day of the show, at Ticketfly.
• Pop-punk band State Champs performs Saturday at The Complex, 536 W. 100 South, Salt Lake City. Opening: Against the Current, With Confidence, Don Broco. Show starts at 7 p.m. Tickets are $18 in advance, $20 on the day of the show, at Ticketfly.
• Stoner-rock musician Brant Bjork performs Saturday at In the Venue, 219 S. 600 West, Salt Lake City. Opening: Royal Thunder, Black Wizard. Show starts at 7 p.m. Tickets are $15, at Smith's Tix and Ticketfly.
• Hard-rock supergroup A Perfect Circle performs Saturday at Maverik Center, 3200 S. Decker Lake Drive, West Valley City. Opening: Prayers. Show starts at 8 p.m. Tickets, from $50 to $65, at Smith's Tix.
• Nirvana Mania, a tribute band that re-creates the Northwest grunge band's live show, performs Saturday at Metro Music Hall, 615 W. 100 South, Salt Lake City. Show starts at 8 p.m. Tickets are $10, at Ticketfly.
• The Cold Hard Cash Show, a tribute act to Johnny Cash and the Tennessee Three, performs Saturday at The State Room, 638 S. State St., Salt Lake City. Show starts at 9 p.m. Tickets are $15, at Ticketfly.
A fisherman accused of fatally stabbing a man in the head with a screwdriver during a fight in East Fremantle last year today entered a "firm plea of not guilty" to murder.
Andrew Doan, 34, is charged with murdering Irishman Charles John McCarthy during an early morning scuffle on Riverside Road two days before Christmas.
At a short hearing in the Stirling Gardens Magistrate's Court this morning, Mr Doan's lawyer Michael Perrella said their client would enter a "firm plea of not guilty" to the charge.
During an earlier bail application, it was revealed Mr Doan would argue Mr McCarthy's death was a result of accident or self-defence.
Mr Doan was remanded in custody and will appear in the Supreme Court on June 11.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A driver was injured when their SUV veered off a roadway in the Paradise Hills neighborhood and crashed into a house early Monday.
No one inside the home on Daisy Avenue near Honeysuckle Lane was injured in the crash into its porch area shortly after 5 a.m., according to San Diego police and the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department.
The woman behind the wheel of the SUV suffered minor injuries and was taken to a hospital to be treated, police said. They were not suspected of driving under the influence.
The Indianapolis Colts signed free agent tight end Eric Ebron on Monday.
Adam Schefter of ESPN reports it's a two-year deal worth up to $15 million.
Ebron spent the last four seasons with the Detroit Lions. In 56 career games (37 starts), the 6-foot-4, 253-pounder has 186 receptions for 2,070 yards and 11 touchdowns. Ebron has also registered one rushing touchdown. They have started two postseason contests and has caught five passes for 44 yards.
Ebron was originally selected by the Lions in the first round (10th overall) of the 2014 draft out of North Carolina.
In 2017, Ebron appeared in all 16 games (nine starts) for the first time in their career and caught 53 passes for 574 yards and four touchdowns. In 2016, they started all 13 games they played in and set career highs in receptions (61) and receiving yards (711). Ebron totaled two touchdowns (one receiving and one rushing). They also started one postseason contest and caught two passes for 23 yards.
Ebron, who wil be 25 on April 10, reportedly completed a visit with the Carolina Panthers before visiting and eventually signing with the Colts.
Disaster assistance will be provided to people in the NT affected by Cyclone Marcus.
Disaster assistance will be provided to people in the NT affected by Cyclone Marcus.
Disaster assistance will be provided to people affected by Cyclone Marcus after it smashed the Top End last weekend.
Around 6000 households still without power will be eligible to receive an immediate cash payment of $250 and possibly further funding for damage to their homes and to replace household contents, Northern Territory Chief Minister Michael Gunner says.
"We have now opened five relief centres for residents to apply for immediate payments if they are still without power," Mr Gunner said.
The category two cyclone battered the territory over the weekend, bringing flooding, road closures and winds in excess of 130km/h.
At its peak, 30,000 homes were without power and schools and other government services were forced to remain closed on Monday.
The funding is provided through the jointly-funded Commonwealth-State Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements.
Mr Gunner said further assistance would be considered once damage assessments and cost estimates became available in coming days.
Carol Erickson and Gillian Kocher of the PSPCA share the story of a dog who's recovering after being found stabbed near Fern Rock Station.
Bollywood & Cricket have always been a killer combo. While not all relationships in the showbiz materialize, a few of them surely make up for interesting headlines, pretty much like this one. British-Indian model Sofia Hayat is known for coming up with the weirdest of things. After their stint as a nun, they recently tied the knot with Vlad Stanescu.
In their newest quest for some publicity, they took to Twitter to block their ex-boyfriend, Indian Cricketer Rohit Sharma, that too nearly five years post their break-up.
They posted a picture of Rohit's account with the ‘Block' option popping up and wrote, ‘So I had to block them in the end..”
It is the same platform, where they had earlier announced their break-up in 2012. They have tweeted then, “Ok let's put the rumours to end..yes I dated rohit sharma.. now it's over.. I wouldn't date them again..this time I'm looking for a gentleman.”
Trending :
Considering both parted ways five years ago and are now married to their respective partners, this move of Hayat seems like a desperate attempt at making the news.
Sharma is currently in England, playing for the ICC Champions Trophy. They tied the knot with Ritika Sajdeh in 2015.
Hayat on the other hand is popular for their stint in Bigg Boss. Recently, the model posted an intimate video with their husband on Instagram to prove a point that ‘intimacy is sacred'.
They further stated in the caption, “Those who think this is wrong..have not been taught about love and intimacy and therefore only recognize sex. If intimacy and connection and deep respect were taught as a prerequisite to love making.”
This music video posted by them on YouTube and Instagram has their singing Om Shanti Om.
WASHINGTON (AP) - White House official Christopher Liddell has been named deputy chief of staff for policy coordination.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Liddell will serve under Chief of Staff John Kelly and will work with Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Joe Hagin. They will be charged with managing the policy process.
In a statement, Kelly says Liddell is "highly qualified to oversee and coordinate our policy process."
A former executive at Microsoft and General Motors, Liddell has been with the administration since the transition. They served as director of strategic initiatives and worked in the White House Office of American Innovation. The White House says they will continue to work with that office.
SANDUSKY, Ohio (AP) - The parent company for Ohio's Cedar Point amusement park is partnering with a nearby university to offer a new degree program to train students for management jobs in the tourism industry.
Bowling Green State University will offer classes on resort management at a new campus that will be built in Sandusky, home of Cedar Point and its parent company, Cedar Fair.
Students in the four-year program would spend the last two years at the Sandusky campus and will be able to work entry-level jobs at Cedar Point or another Cedar Fair park during summers.
Bowling Green President Rodney Rogers said existing hospitality management programs don't cover all the issues that arise at amusement parks.
"In many ways, these general managers are running a small city," Rogers told Cleveland.com. "It's almost more like a city manager than hospitality management."
Cedar Fair will build classrooms and dorms for 200 students on land provided by the city. The campus could open as soon as 2020.
Sandusky City Manager Eric Wobser acknowledged that the timeframe seemed tight, but said they think Cedar Point's experience quickly erecting massive roller coasters will help.
"The good news is that Cedar Point is used to building fast," they said.
AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez
DALLAS (AP) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker's US Airways forced a merger with American, but now the CEO of the world's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta.
Leaders of the pilots' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline. Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports.
The unions are complaining about lower pay and profit sharing than counterparts at Delta Air Lines. Delta said it will pay about $1.1 billion to employees as their share of the company's 2016 profit. American set aside $314 million.
American says it has increased wages and benefits by $3.5 billion since its 2013 merger with US Airways.
Airlines have become hugely profitable in recent years after a string of mergers. Parker has pledged that American will provide industry-leading pay when contracts come up for renegotiation, but that isn't until 2020 for American's pilots. They wanted upgrades after Delta and United pilots got raises last year.
The Allied Pilots Association board unanimously approved a resolution on Monday saying it had lost confidence in Parker. Union President Dan Carey said American has made questionable decisions that have kept the airline behind Delta in customer satisfaction, operations and revenue.
Company spokesperson Matt Miller said American shares the union's goal of making the airline a great place to work and is pleased with its progress, so “further public dialogue serves no purpose.”
Separately, American flight attendants were picketing Tuesday at the company's headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas, and at airports in Los Angeles, Miami and Charlotte, North Carolina – all busy hubs for American flights.
Union President Bob Ross said that despite record profits, American flight attendants are paid less than at other airlines and are unhappy about frequent computer meltdowns, bad schedules and new uniforms that some employees say cause allergic reactions.
Miller said flight attendants have received average pay increases of 27 percent since the merger. The company said in November that pilot pay had climbed an average of 53 percent in that time.
The vote by the pilots' union board and the picketing by members of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants have no legal effect but symbolize worsening relations between the unions and senior management.
In 2013, Parker successfully courted the unions in their bid to force then-bankrupt American, which had a history of stormy relations with labor including strikes in the 1990s, to merge with their smaller airline. Parker's team replaced the executives who were running American.
Shares of American Airlines Group Inc. fell 84 cents, or 1.8 percent, to close Tuesday at $46.57.
—
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Comments
comments
A Mandurah boy has told of the terrifying moment they fended off a two-metre shark.
A Mandurah boy has told of the terrifying moment they fended off a two-metre shark.
Teen spearfisher Lucas Martin fights off shark at Avalon Point, Mandurah The West Australian
A Mandurah boy has told of the terrifying moment they fended off a two-metre shark by punching it in the nose.
Lucas Martin's family say they were able to quickly warn others, thanks to a beach numbering system championed by the family of shark attack victim, Ben Gerring.
Lucas had only seconds to react as the shark approached them while they were speared fishing off Avalon Point late yesterday.
The 14-year-old believes the shark was chasing the fish they had just speared when it headed towards him.
“This shadow was fastly approaching me, and it actually turned out to be a shark,” they said.
“I was really scared at that moment.
“I just (hit the shark) to its nose and it just went away.”
The teenager immediately scrambled up to the reef to warn others of the predator.
Their close encounter took place near where Mandurah surfer Ben Gerring was fatally mauled by a shark in 2016.
Back then, emergency services had difficulty locating the spot on a confusing Mandurah coastline.
Their brother Rick Gerring successfully lobbied to have emergency numbers placed on local beaches last year and the BEN system was introduced.
Lucas alerted Water Police of yesterday's shark using the BEN system and authorities tweeted warnings almost immediately.
Mr Gerring says this isn't the first time their brother's legacy has helped others or saved lives and hopes more coastal councils will adopt the numbering system.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 18-year-old moped rider remains in a life-threatening condition after being involved in a crash which closed part of the A40 for five hours last night (Friday).
Police and paramedics were called to the scene, at the junction with Two Mile Lane near Churcham, at 5.15pm, where the teenager was treated before being transferred to Bristol's Southmead Hospital.
They suffered serious head and leg injuries.
The collision between the silver Honda scooter they were riding and a silver Peugeot 406 led to the road being closed from the Highnam roundabout to the Two Mile Lane turning until about 10.30pm.
Traffic was diverted back down the A40 towards Gloucester or down the A48 to Minsterworth.
The traffic light junction to turn right to Newent from the A40 was also out of use at the time as persistent problems with the signals there happened again.
Police are appealing for witnesses of the crash to get in touch, quoting incident 355 of February 2.
Scientists in Queensland, Australia have identified more than 50 new species of spiders ranging in size from a tarantula as big as your face to one the size of a fingernail.
Robert Raven, an arachnologist at the Queensland Museum in Brisbane, and their team spent two weeks looking for new spiders in an area in the northern part of the state. Raven said there was “mind-blowing” diversity in the different spiders the scientists collected.
“Under one rock, down in a gully with a fresh-water spring pumping through, I found species from six arachnid orders. It was absolutely spectacular to see all these six groups together,” Raven told Australian Geographic.
One of the species is called a peacock spider.
“The males have this thing where they can — they've got a fold around their body which extends out and forms like a peacock — beautiful little thing. They're about the size of two sugar grains stuck together,” Raven told NPR. “But you can actually see them flashing away in the sun, with these beautiful colors, as they go into the courtship behavior with the female. And, of course, if they get the wrong female, then they're dinner.”
The scientists are currently identifying and photographing all the species they found and checking their findings with past discoveries to make sure none are duplicates. They've also put the giant tarantula in a tank in the lab to observe how it reacted and discovered it can stay underwater for hours at a time without emerging.
“The spider ran straight into the water, totally immersed, and remained there for at least four hours until we were too bored waiting for it to come up,” Raven said.
Even though they work with spiders every day, Raven themselves has a fear of the eight-legged creatures. They don't know how many times he's been bitten, but estimates it's about 100.
The spider expedition was made as a part of Bush Blitz, a program where scientists work with indigenous rangers to teach them about conservation.
“Hopefully this expedition will help us identify areas of natural values that we can protect for the future,” said Brad Grogan, manager of the Western Yalanji Aboriginal Corporation.
Sometimes the great teachers are role models to emulate, and sometimes they are the ones whose unfortunate actions you learn not to repeat.
Poynter Institute, which touts itself as the world's leading instructor for journalists, unfortunately fell into the latter category this week with regard to an important story for this news organization.
Poynter writer James Warren was given a copy of an email from our former executive editor, Jeff Good – who also served as the editor of the Daily Hampshire Gazette – which they sent to all staff members as they were leaving the company. Good said in the email they were fired for standing up for pay equity for women staff members.
Warren wrote a story based on the email, and Poynter published it before receiving statements from any other source. Warren did not attempt to reach out to the three journalists who were named in the email – it turned out – against their wishes, and who – it turned out – did not feel that Good represented their best interests. They did reach out to Good's boss, but Poynter published before hearing back.
The reason: the email was already being discussed on Twitter and Poynter wanted the discussion to happen around its story.
That's according to Kelly McBride, vice president of Poynter and formerly its ethics expert.
To Poynter's credit, they immediately worked on getting an updated version of the story up after former staff members who worked with Good presented more information, but the sin of a place like Poynter, which teaches the best journalism practices, proceeding with a one-source story is unforgivable.
When asked why, McBride gave the disappointing answer that Good's status in the journalism community gave the story credence.
“When a well-respected, well-known journalist makes a statement like that, I think it is a legitimate story,” they said, adding that they also have an obligation to reach out to the organization in question.
Respect and standing in the field does not trump the need to look for other points of view.
The more complete story, as Poynter came to find out after it received calls from former staffers, involves several women who worked with Good disputing their portrayal of themselves in their email.
Reporting by the Boston Globe and the Washington Post also came up short on this story. While both the Post's Erik Wemple and the Globe's Stephanie Ebbert did do significant reporting before their stories were published, neither web headline indicates Good's version of events is in dispute by women they have worked with. One must read a significant way into both stories (in Wemple's not until near the end) to learn this.
Both reporters said they had trouble getting statements and on-the-record comments from other players in the story.
Good is the one who sent the email that set this story off, and it is important to give them their say, but in this complex situation there are other voices that are just as important.
Dave Eisenstadter can be reached at deisen@valleyadvocate.com.
Related Posts
TRANSPORT LEADERS in Cebu have asked the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board and Land Transportation Office in Central Visayas to intensify their campaign against colorum tourist buses. Ryan Benjamin Yu, general manager of the Cebu Integrated Transport Multi-Purpose Cooperative, said these unlicensed buses are bad for Cebu's tourism industry because they put visitors at risk. “We have to remember that kinabuhi ang atong gidala (what we are transporting are lives), aside from the fact tourism is a major industry here in Cebu,” Mr. Yu said. They attributed the proliferation of colorum buses to the high demand for transport and the inability of legal operators to buy costly brand-new units. Julieto Flores, president of the North and South Bus Operators Cooperative, also said that the operation of colorum tourist buses is very rampant in Cebu. — The Freeman
>> See the full story on https://goo.gl/dbfCiD
© AFP 2017/ PAUL J. RICHARDS Refugees Seeking Asylum in US Unlikely to Head to EU Amid Travel Ban - Official
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US Supreme Court's rejection to hear a case of 28 asylum seekers detained in Berks County, Pennsylvania will negatively affect many refugee families and leave them at risk of deportation, Human Rights First said in a press release on Monday.
“This ruling will have grave consequences not only for these families, but also for many other asylum seekers whose lives are at risk due to the lack of effective safeguards in expedited removal processing," the release stated.
In 2016, the families, including 33 children from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, had asked the Supreme Court to overturn a lower court ruling that refused them the ability to challenge their removal from the United States.
Human Rights First called Monday's decision concerning because the highest federal court has not used an opportunity to correct the previous ruling.
On January 25, US President Donald Trump ordered the resumption of the 2008 Secure Communities program that relied on information-sharing among local, state and federal law enforcement agencies to identify and deport immigrants with criminal records.
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
Two women have recounted their horrific ordeal at the hands of a man armed with a knife.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday said they did not believe a former FBI deputy director tooks notes of their interactions after reports the fired official handed several memos over to a special counsel investigating allegations Trump may have tried to obstruct an investigation into possible ties between their presidential campaign and the Russian government. Zach Goelman reports.
Sunday on NBC;s “Meet the Press,” New York Post columnist Claire Atkinson said President-elect Donald Trump was “a creature” of the tabloid world.
Partial transcript as follows:
TODD: What can the Washington press corps learn from Donald Trump's incredible interactions with the tabloids of New York over the last 30 years?
ATKISION: That's a great question.
TODD: Since you are at “The New York Post.”
ATKISON:  They are a creature of “The New York Post” and the tabloid world.
TODD: And they love it.
ATKISON: Feature of our front pages for many years. Does love it. They obviously love reading the paper as well. And I think they are a lover of all journalism. I think they read things closely like you say.  They are in contact with journalists. I feel like — I'm an immigrant, obviously. I'm from England. I voted for the first time in this election. And I was very taken aback by the results, as I think a lot of people were. And when I'm chatting with folks out there, they tell me two things. They tell me first that the media whiffed on this campaign completely.
When it comes to noise-cancelling headphones for travellers there are many premium options. The AKG N60NC Wireless cut the necessity for wires in these established noise-cancellers — although a 3.5mm cable is included, as backup — in a lightweight, portable on-ear design. But are they the best cans for travelling to choose?
Memory foam and leather earcups and headband
Airline adapter and 3.5-2.5mm cable included
199g; fold flat design, included soft carry case
Straight out of the box the AKG N60NC Wireless make clear these cans are for those on-the-go types: the included soft carry pouch contains the headphones, which fold upwards toward the headband for a compact design.
Compact is a theme: the AKG N60NC aren't especially large, unlike chunkier over-ears, instead designed to reside on the ears, as their on-ear designation makes clear.
The earcups are soft and squidgy, thanks to memory foam coated in leather, so wearing them is immediately comfortable — and without excessive noggin' pinch. There's an adjustable aluminium band with 10 points of adjustment, which looks very tidy, and there are no exposed wires to be seen anywhere.
This all means the design is relatively understated, which works well except for the exterior panels of the earcups — these plates looks plastic, despite their attempts at looking metallic, with an AKG logo centred within each. Still, that helps to keep the weight down. In context, the Bose QuietComfort 35 actually look more plasticky overall.
The AKG features physical controls on the right earcup, with individual volume up and down, a Bluetooth/noise-cancelling on/off switch, plus a track skip forward/back switch. Grabbing at these controls is easy enough, although we tended to just control things from our host device as applicable. The opposite earcup hosts the cable input, if needed, and the USB-C charging port.
10Hz-22kHz frequency response (claimed)
Bluetooth connectivity with aptX for lossless playback
610mAh rechargeable battery, 15hrs per charge
The AKG N60NC on-ears claim lofty low-end ability with a 10Hz response at the low-end of the frequency range. That seems well off the mark to our ears, as these aren't nearly as bass capable as plenty of other headphones we've reviewed in recent times.
Part of the problem is with positioning. Sure, the N60NC are comfortable on the ears, but the small openings in the earcups aren't particularly good for delivering direct sound, which leaves the bass levels sounding slightly disengaged when considered against other competitor products. In isolation they sound fine, but they're not miracle workers for bass.
That affects the perceived quality in our view. Sure, there's Bluetooth aptX for lossless playback — although it's not better-still aptX HD for high-resolution playback — but the way the drivers seem a little more distant from the ear canals presents some limitations with overall engagement. Press the earcups against the ears and the profile changes completely for the better — but as that's not how these headphones fit, that's not what you'll hear most of the time.
The N60NC Wireless' noise-cancellation is also of the more subtle variety. How you feel about this will depend on preference: at one end of the scale you've got the likes of Audio-Technica, which makes noise-cancelling cans that are great to remove the "hiss" you tend to hear in flights (see ATH-MSR7NC); at the other end of the scale is Bose, which offers intense noise-cancelling, as if you're in an audio vacuum (see QC35). AKG is sort of in the middle, offering active cancellation that cuts out some unpleasantries without overdoing things — which we think is a good balance.
Then there's battery life, which over our weeks of use we've found to last for a couple of working days, around the 14-hour mark of non-stop locked-into-the-zone listening. Which is great news for long-haul flights, commutes and so forth. Recharging via the USB-C port is nice and easy too.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on probes into possible contacts between Trump campaign associates and Russia (all times local):
8:35 p.m.
The Washington Post is reporting that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice.
Accusations of obstruction arose when last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying, “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information.
___
4:15 p.m.
The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign has met with a Senate committee probing the same matter.
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee say In a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
North Carolina Republican Richard Burr and Virginia Democrat Mark Warner aren't providing any other details regarding the meeting.
It comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence.
Those questions were prompted after a friend of President Donald Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
But Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
SANTA CRUZ, CA - March 19, 2018 - It's been nearly two decades since a UC Santa Cruz research team announced that they had assembled and posted the first human genome sequence on the internet. Despite the passage of time, enormous gaps remain in our genomic reference map. These gaps span each human centromere.
New research from a UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute-affiliated team from the Jack Baskin School of Engineering just published in the journal Nature Biotechnology attempts to close these gaps. The research uses nanopore long-read sequencing to generate the first complete and accurate linear map of a human Y chromosome centromere. This milestone in human genetics and genomics signals that scientists are finally entering a technological phase when completing the human genome will be a reality.
Centromeres are sites in our genetic material that are dedicated to ensuring that our genome is correctly partitioned when cells divide. If the centromere is lost, or damaged, then life is out of balance, with too much or too little DNA in each daughter cell. This can be catastrophic, and is often seen in cancers.
Scientists still do not understand how the underlying DNA contributes to centromere function. Until now the inability to generate maps through these regions has been a fundamental roadblock in studies aimed to understand how missing sequences impact our health.
The DNA known to span human centromeres are full of tandem repeats. That is to say, exact copies of the same sequence are found -- in a head-to-tail orientation -- thousands of times. These exact copies often span millions of bases -- the fundamental units of DNA.
Dr. Karen Miga, corresponding author on the publication, explained that researchers have called these repeat-rich regions of code the "black holes of the genome," "puzzle pieces of a blue sky" and "a hall of mirrors."
Miga noted, "Prior to our work, no sequence technology, or collection of sequence technologies have been sufficient to ensure proper assembly through these regions."
One of the key aspects of this work is the authors' use of a method to generate both long (hundreds of thousands of bases) and high-quality sequences. Co-lead author Miten Jain, postdoctoral researcher with the nanopore group at UC Santa Cruz, which pioneered the technology, said both quantity and quality are critical to confidently assemble these previously unresolved, repeat-rich centromere region on the Y chromosome.
"Previously, no sequencing technology has been able to assemble centromeric regions because extremely high-quality, long reads are needed to confidently traverse low-copy sequence variants," Jain said, As a result, human centromeric regions remain absent from even the most complete chromosome assemblies.
These "black holes of the genome" contain information that is "critical for understanding the role of genome biology in health and in diseases such as cancer, explained co-lead author Hugh Olsen, a UC Santa Cruz scientist and lecturer working in the nanopore group. With NIH grant support, the research team continues to improve read lengths of nanopore sequencing technology. "In collaboration with other investigators, we are applying that knowledge to resolve uncharacterized regions of the genome," Olsen explained.
Dr. Miga states that it is their hope that this study will mark the beginning of a new era in human genetics and genomics, where having gaps in the genome reference will no longer be tolerated. "We are on a trajectory for a complete genome. I, for one, look forward to a day that where we are finally able to roll up our sleeves and study the function of these mysterious sequences."
###
About the UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute
Comprised of diverse researchers from a variety of disciplines across three academic divisions, the UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute leads UC Santa Cruz's efforts to unlock the world's genomic data and accelerate breakthroughs in health and evolutionary biology. Our platforms, technologies, and scientists unite global communities to create and deploy data-driven, life-saving treatments and innovative environmental and conservation efforts.
About the Baskin School of Engineering
Home to the UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, the Baskin School of Engineering at UC Santa Cruz offers unique opportunities for education, research and training. Faculty and students seek new approaches to critical 21st century challenges within the domains of data science, genomics, bioinformatics, biotechnology, statistical modeling, high performance computing, sustainability engineering, human-centered design, communications, optoelectronics and photonics, networking and technology management. By leveraging novel tools that emerge from changing technologies, we have pioneered new engineering approaches and disciplines, examples of which include biomolecular engineering, computational media, and technology and information management.
FILE - In this March 5, 2009 file photo, Michael Jackson announces upcoming concerts at the London O2 Arena in London. The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singerâ€™s last days infringed on its intellectual property. The estate filed the lawsuit Wednesday against the network and parent company Disney in federal court in Los Angeles. It alleges that last weekâ€™s special â€œThe Last Days of Michael Jacksonâ€� illegally uses significant and repeated excerpts of their most valuable songs including â€œBillie Jean,â€� and â€œBad,â€� substantial excerpts of their music videos including â€œThrillerâ€� and â€œBlack or White,â€� and excerpts from a documentary and feature film that belong to the estate. (AP Photo/Joel Ryan, File)
FILE - In this March 5, 2009 file photo, Michael Jackson announces upcoming concerts at the London O2 Arena in London. The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singerâ€™s last days infringed on its intellectual property. The estate filed the lawsuit Wednesday against the network and parent company Disney in federal court in Los Angeles. It alleges that last weekâ€™s special â€œThe Last Days of Michael Jacksonâ€� illegally uses significant and repeated excerpts of their most valuable songs including â€œBillie Jean,â€� and â€œBad,â€� substantial excerpts of their music videos including â€œThrillerâ€� and â€œBlack or White,â€� and excerpts from a documentary and feature film that belong to the estate. (AP Photo/Joel Ryan, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on their estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Tim Hornibrook Australia is an expert in fund management and investments on agricultural commodities. They commenced their education from the New South Wales University in Sydney, Australia and later on got transferred to the Tulane University in New Orleans so that they can play American football for the university and also get a scholarship. They have majored in psychology from the Tulane University and graduated with honors earning their bachelor degree of arts. At the university they have showcased great talent in football and has been lettered as District IV academic All-American. On returning to Sydney, Tim Hornibrook joined the Australian graduate school of management and continued their studies to earn the master of business administration degree. During this stint they balanced their studies doing full time MBA on one hand and also participated in sports playing the semi-professional rugby for the university. On completing their MBA Tim Hornibrook, Australia joined Kurita water industries in Japan and also played rugby on part of the company. Tim Hornibrook has also done a financial planning diploma from the Deakin University in Melbourne.
On the professional front Tim Hornibrook has joined as the executive director of the Macquarie Group, Sydney, Australia, from January 2002 to May 2014 for almost 12 years and 5 months. During that period they have undertaken a diverse range of roles like being a president of fort street foundation and raised funds for the school, been a chairperson of the board of Cruzerio de Sul Graos Ltd, which is a partner company of Macquarie, director of Paraway Pastoral company, chairperson of the board Lawson Grains Pty Ltd and also as a head of the Macquarie Agricultural funds management investing in the agricultural commodities on behalf of the investors and the company.
Being a person who has balanced both their personal and professional interests in the right tone also has a flair for writing and started sharing a lot of their experiences on the social media platforms. Tim Hornibrook Australia has been active on Twitter, Linkedin, word press, facebook and many more posting interesting topics that would be useful for anyone. You can find their topics like how to make yourself interesting before strangers, super foods that are hiding in your fridge, top 10 exercises for beginners, top planets showing existence of life, top 10 monstrous movies etc make quite interesting read for anyone. You can too can join the social media platforms to follow Tim Hornibrook and enjoy their posts on different aspects of life.
For over 10 years, Tim Hornibrook worked with an agricultural funds management group overseeing investment opportunities in several different countries. Residing in Sydney, Australia, for many years, Tim Hornibrook is a former president of their high school's foundation, the Fort Street Foundation @ http://timhornibrook.strikingly.com/blog/the-three-funds-in-the-fort-street-foundation
Contact Address:
Tim Hornibrook
Sydney
2060
New South Wales
Australia
April 16, 2017 Robert McLister 1k
Last November the Department of Finance banned default insurance on single-family rentals. That was a near-knockout blow to the rental financing businesses of lenders who rely on securitization.
Since then, lenders who compete with the big banks have been forced to find new balance sheet funding. The extra cost of that funding has led a majority of lenders to jack up their rental rates by 15-25 bps. That's up to $2,300 more interest that folks must now pay on a $200,000 rental mortgage.
Or do they?
While the rental businesses struggle at monoline lenders, some of the largest banks are apparently giving regular residential rates to many of their renewing rental borrowers. That's a big problem for brokers, who often have no way of matching those rates.
It's also a problem for consumers, who face a loss of competition in the rental financing market. They now have fewer cost-effective alternatives to the major banks, whose products often entail higher early breakage penalties. (Banks can't be blamed for the Department of Finance's actions so this is merely an observation, not a jab against them.)
What Now?
“I think transactional based brokers without a measurable value add—who are not differentiating themselves—are in big trouble, full stop,” says Calum Ross, broker and author of The Real Estate Retirement Plan.
But Ross says the challenges are far less of an issue for brokers “who offer full service financial planning and integrate the [rental] property into the [client's] larger financial plan.”
“If you don't have a clear value proposition, you are a commodity and commodities get used for price,” they say, adding that the new environment is destined to “cull the herd” of brokers. “The fact is, a more competitive [rental financing] market will cut margins and force us all to improve our game.”
Rental financing professionals must be able to demonstrate their ability to save clients more than that 15-25 basis points, they say. That amounts to just 10-15 bps on an after-tax basis since most investors tend to be at higher marginal tax rates.
But the challenges don't end there. With anecdotal reports of broker-channel banks tightening up their internal rental financing criteria, rental lending options could continue to shrink in the “A” market. Brokers who specialize in income property financing may have to get increasingly comfortable with non-prime alternatives.
Corey Clement, one year after their meteoric rise, is ready to grow their role with Eagles
Corey Clement, one year after their meteoric rise, is ready to grow their role with Eagles May 24
Seeds for Eagles' red-zone and third-down success were sown last spring in OTAs May 25
Eagles tackle Lane Johnson has found peace and respect on the right side May 30
Paul Domowitch is a pro football writer for the Inquirer and Daily News , where they have worked since 1982. They have covered nearly 30 Super Bowls and has been a selector for the Pro Football Hall of Fame for the last 15 years.
Like everyone else in the Eagles locker room, Lane Johnson is continually amazed by Jason Peters.
The Eagles' 36-year-old left tackle tore an ACL last October, and that would have been an excellent excuse for the nine-time Pro Bowler to ride off into the sunset and let the clock start on the five-year waiting period for their Hall of Fame eligibility.
But retirement never was a consideration for him. He's been pretty much living at the NovaCare Complex since their surgery last fall, rehabbing their knee and preparing to suit up for their 15th NFL season.
“He's in the weight room lifting what everybody else is lifting,'' Johnson said. “He's a lot further along than I expected. There's no doubt he'll be back Week 1. To tell you the truth, I think they could go right now if they really wanted to.
“There's a sentiment that when you get into your 30s, you start to go downhill. But he's disproving that. He's showing that, hey, I may be 36, but I can still play really well. It's extraordinary. Especially for a lineman.''
It's certainly possible that Peters won't be the same player they were before they injured their knee. But you'd be a fool to bet against them right now. He's been given career last rites a couple of other times in recent years and has managed to bounce back stronger than ever.
The Eagles certainly never expected this kind of longevity from Peters. When they selected Johnson with the fourth overall pick in the draft five years ago, it was with the idea that he'd be the team's right tackle for a year or two, then slide over to the left side and replace Peters when Father Time tapped the guy on the shoulder.
But here we are five years later and Father Time still is nowhere to be seen. The Eagles believe in Peters' recuperative powers enough to ignore their hefty $10.7 million salary-cap number. Look around the league for another non-quarterback older than 33 with a $10-million-plus cap number. There aren't many.
As for Johnson, they have made peace with the fact that they might spend the rest of their Eagles career at right tackle.
Right guard Brandon Brooks “and I have a good thing going on the right side,'' Johnson said this week. “Why mess with it? Ultimately, I'll do what the team asks. But I'm real comfortable on the right. I've been here six years. We'll see what happens.''
That wasn't always their attitude. Early in their career, Johnson felt they wouldn't get true respect or recognition until they moved to left tackle.
Once upon a time, that might've been true. But not anymore. Most of the league's top defenses have two elite edge rushers. And they often line up their best one over the right tackle rather than the left tackle.
“The game has changed,'' Johnson said. “I don't see left or right anymore. I see what player am I going against? Just look at last year and the guys I faced. Von Miller. Khalil Mack. Michael Bennett. DeMarcus Lawrence. Vic Beasley. Jason Pierre-Paul. Robert Quinn. Ryan Kerrigan. Some of the best pass rushers in the league.
“That whole myth of the left tackle blocking the premier rusher, it still happens. But it's a lot more balanced nowadays.''
After Peters got hurt in Week 7 against the Redskins last October, offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland had two choices. They could move Johnson to left tackle and put second-year man Halapoulivaati Vaitai at right tackle. Or they could leave Johnson on the right side and plug Vaitai in at left tackle.
Stoutland said they chose Plan B because Vaitai was a natural left tackle and because they preferred to make just one move rather than two. But they also took a long, hard look at the Eagles' remaining schedule and saw the imposing list of edge rushers who would be lining up over the right tackle.
“That pretty much had a lot to do with it,'' Johnson said. “Plus, they wanted to keep that rhythm going on the right side with me and Brandon.''
Johnson and Brooks both earned Pro Bowl invitations. Despite playing on the right side, Johnson was a first-team All-Pro selection.
They gave up just three sacks and 20 total quarterback pressures the entire season. In the Eagles' three playoff wins, they didn't give up a sack and allowed just one QB hit and four hurries.
Brooks didn't give up any sacks last season. The only two guards in the league who finished with higher run-blocking grades than they did, according to Pro Football Focus, were the Cowboys' Zack Martin and the Steelers' David DeCastro.
“It didn't take long for us to mesh,'' Johnson said of Brooks, who signed with the Eagles before the 2017 season. “We became good friends pretty quickly, and I think that helped speed up the process. He's pretty similar to me. Similar life experiences.
“We both grew up in single-parent households. That kind of stuff off the field helped us get going on the field.''
Johnson entered last season partly fueled by a sense of desperation. They were coming off a 10-game suspension for their second violation of the league's performance-enhancing drug policy.
While they repeatedly insisted that they didn't knowingly use a banned substance, they knew that a lot of people out there, including many fellow players, didn't believe them and viewed them as just another steroid cheat.
Now, he's an all-pro. Now, he's a member of a Super Bowl champion. But they know they can't coast.
“I don't have a made-it mentality,'' Johnson said. “I have a nine-time Pro Bowler [Peters] to thank for that. The best advice they ever gave me was ‘Don't ever let anybody outwork you.' When you see a 36-year-old doing that, it motivates you. There's really no room to sit back and think you made it.''
A Boston-based DNA sequencing company is offering to decode the complete genomes of newborns in China, leading some to ask how much parents should know about their children's genes at birth.
Veritas Genetics says the test, ordered by a doctor, will report back on 950 serious early- and later-life disease risks, 200 genes connected to drug reactions, and more than 100 physical traits a child is likely to have.
Called myBabyGenome, the service costs $1,500 and could help identify serious hidden problems in newborns, the company says.
But some doctors say the plan is a huge overstep. “I think it's vastly premature to peddle a completely unproven set of data, especially to a vulnerable population like neonates,” says Jim Evans, a professor of genetics at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill.
The problem is that the risk posed by many disease genes remains uncertain—and even if a child has a mutation in a gene, they or they may never be affected, prompting debate among doctors about whether it's useful to inform parents.
The Veritas test also steps into uncharted territory by making predictions about how children will look and act: how wide their nose will be, whether they will overeat or have a “novelty seeking” personality, and even whether they are likely to go bald decades in the future.
Evans is sharply critical of any effort to predict traits. Especially with psychology, they say, genetic factors aren't well understood. “You run the risk of predestination based on bad science,” they say. “Frankly, I think it's a little bit crazy to do genetic tests on your newborn to find out if 40 years from now they are going to be bald.”
Subscribe to The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Veritas, a spinoff of Harvard University's Personal Genome Project, specializes in inexpensive “whole genome” sequencing using the latest speedy DNA technology.
For $999, it has since last year offered adults in the U.S. the chance to learn the sequence of the six billion DNA letters in their cells. A doctor must order that test. Gene knowledge can be critically useful to anyone who's facing an undiagnosed disease or whose DNA harbors a cancer risk. But for most people the readout is little more than a novelty. Consumer demand for genome scans remains tepid.
Veritas, which already operates a sequencing lab in China, nevertheless appears to be betting that newborn sequencing could become a must-have product for ambitious parents there.
In an interview, Mirza Cifric, CEO of Veritas, declined to provide a timeline for launching a similar service in the U.S. While a few doctors here have begun sequencing newborns with unexplained illnesses, American medical bodies have opposed sequencing healthy babies because most of the data doesn't lead to clear actions doctors can take.
Robert Green, a genetics professor at Harvard University, co-leads a federally funded study called BabySeq that looks at the risks and benefits of sequencing newborns; it has sequenced the genomes of about 100 of them so far. Green reported in October than less than 10 percent of about 2,400 couples offered full-genome sequencing of their children were interested.
“Some families really don't want anything to do with this. The idea of finding a risk in their beautiful baby of something that might or might not happen is terrifying or repugnant,” they say. “But other types of people are information seekers.”
In a significant boost for Veritas, Green says they recently agreed to become a paid medical and scientific advisor to the company. They do not believe that the baby sequencing test will be accepted in the U.S. for the time being. But other companies are eyeing more limited DNA gene tests for babies as a way to expand on the neonatal screening routinely done in hospitals today.
In that process, a doctor pricks a newborn's heel and collects a drop of blood. The sample is then subjected to conventional tests to flag about six to 30 diseases, depending on the county or state, which can all be easily treated if caught early.
One U.S. company, BabyGenes, already offers a DNA panel that tests for about 100 genes and 70 conditions, including many rare ones not on government tests. “We're trying to get word out there that there is a better way,” says the company's laboratory manager, Katie Morris.
By deciphering a baby's entire genome, the Veritas test will go still further. The selection of 950 disease risks it will tell parents about originates with a list assembled by Green's BabySeq project.
But Veritas will not reveal everything, in recognition that not all the information in the genome is appropriate to give parents right away. For instance, it won't tell them about a gene that can strongly predispose people to Alzheimer's in old age.
Instead, Veritas says, it will retain the rest of a newborn's genome data and let parents purchase further information at a later date.
That pay-as-you-go business concept was first introduced by a U.S. company called Helix, but it has yet to prove clearly successful (see “10 Breakthrough Technologies 2016: DNA App Store”).
In the U.S., Veritas has received some poor reviews from customers who faced months-long delays in receiving their reports. Cifric says there were delays with some people's orders but that customers are now getting their genomes.
To catch the same high-risk conditions that newborn screening tests do, experts say, the Veritas genome reports will have to be delivered in just two or three days.
CAIRO A blast in front of a Christian church in Alexandria, Egypt on Sunday has injured several people, state news reported.
The explosion comes just hours after a bombing rocked a Coptic church in Egypt's Nile Delta, killing at least 25 people and injuring 60.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for either blast and their causes remain unknown.
(Reporting by Ahmed Tolba; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Larry King)
Why Pennsylvania's race for governor is so harsh so early | John Baer
Why Pennsylvania's race for governor is so harsh so early | John Baer May 28
John Baer has written about politics and government for the Daily News since 1987. Neither subject ever fails to provide them with stories of policies and politicians walking on or skirting by paths to perdition.
Pennsylvania school districts have saved up for a lot more than supplies.
You'll be happy (or maybe concerned/puzzled) to know that your tax dollars continue to pump up school district reserve funds all across the state.
Yep. Despite constant complaints of inadequate resources, unfair funding and unmet needs, districts in every region are holding/hoarding barrels of money in interest-bearing accounts.
Annual data from the state Department of Education show reserve amounts increase every year.
Every year I point it out. Every year nothing changes.
Latest statewide reserves (for 2016-17), including funds for charter and vocational schools, approach $5 billion; for school districts alone it's $4.53 billion.
To put these numbers in context, the total state appropriation for basic education is $5.9 billion.
“School districts now hold enough money to cut every Pennsylvania student a $2,860 check,” says Nathan Benefield, vice president of the Commonwealth Foundation, a conservative think-tank that also tracks school reserve funds.
How encompassing are reserve accounts?
Just 14 school districts, mostly in western counties, show negative balances. That means 97 percent of the state's 500 districts have reserves.
Even ever-strapped Philadelphia School District shows a fund of $14 million.
How is this possible? Why does it go on?
“It's amazing, isn't it?” says state Auditor General Eugene DePasquale, who, when I wrote about this last year, said he'd start looking at reserve funds as part of regular school district audits.
What they found is “there's no single story…some districts are hoarding more and some have no reserves at all.”
And by “some,” they mean very few.
The Pittsburgh School District is listed with the largest reserves: $186 million.
The district with the largest negative balance? Scranton. Down $30 million.
The answer from school administrators, school boards and such is always, well, it's smart to have reserves because of rising pension costs, possible strikes, planned improvements and the risk of the legislature cutting funding.
Makes sense. Except for the fact reserves climb each year. Climbed even after 2011, the year of the infamous billion-dollar budget cut under then-Gov. Corbett.
DePasquale says there are districts that should give taxpayers their money back. They add, “When the amount of reserves gets over 20 percent of a district's total spending, I get a little anxious.”
Guess he's more than a little anxious.
A Commonwealth Foundation analysis shows 226 districts, or 45 percent of all districts, hold reserves amounting to 20 percent or more of spending. And the foundation identifies 13 districts in that category that also sought to raise taxes.
They include two in Montgomery County: Springfield Township, $24.5 million in reserve; Lower Merion, $56 million.
Other area districts with large reserves: North Penn, $40.4 million; Central Bucks, $37.7 million; West Chester Area, $26 million; Upper Darby, $23.5 million.
(You can check any district by visiting education.pa.gov. Go to the search box. Type “AFR data detailed.” Click on it. Scroll down to “Miscellaneous.” Click on the dates beside “General Fund Balance.”)
Look, reserves are smart for any enterprise, public or private. But clearly too many districts hoard too much money and nobody holds them accountable — certainly not the legislature.
Not its left-leaning, pro-education Democrats. Not its right-leaning, fiscal-hawk Republicans. Because every lawmaker has schools in their or their district. And, hey, it's only taxpayer dollars.
Nobody wants to touch this issue. Especially in an election year.
The most I can get out of top state officials is something like I got last year from state Budget Secretary Randy Albright. They said he's “not unsympathetic” to the argument reserves are too high. They said, “We could and should begin to talk about fund balances.”
But when I asked this week how talks are going, I got a prepared statement: “Gov. Wolf continues to make it a priority to increase the state's share of education funding and decrease the inequality between school districts by having more state funding flow through the fair funding formula.”
Which, of course, has nothing to do with reserve funds. Or why they annually rise.
FREMANTLE yesterday revealed Andrew Brayshaw and Bailey Banfield are locked in for their AFL debuts in round one.
But it seems West Coast are determined to make us wait that little bit longer before we find out who will pull on the blue-and-gold jumper for the first time in an AFL outing this weekend.
Eagles coach Adam Simpson confirmed on Seven News that their side would blood “at least one or two, maybe even three” first-gamers against the Swans at Optus Stadium on Sunday.
The West Australian's Mark Duffield believes it will indeed be three – if not four – with a trio of potential debutants ready to go.
Speaking on the latest edition of the Duff and Quarters podcast alongside The Sunday Times' Glen Quartermain, Duffield listed the three players they understand are ‘locks' to line up on Sunday.
“Barring injury between now and Sunday, I think you can take (Liam) Ryan, (Jake) Waterman and (Daniel) Venables to the bank,” Duffield said.
“The fact that Ryan's played all their games… he's shown glimpses.
“Every game you see (Venables) play for West Coast, you see them do something they didn't do the previous week.”
Duffield said Brayden Ainsworth and Francis Watson remained in the mix to make it four debutants for the Eagles.
Camera Icon Jake Waterman is in line for an AFL debut on Sunday. Picture: Getty Images
Our podcast duo also tears into the remainder of the burning questions on the footy agenda, including:
The prospect of a national reserves competition (4:40)
Was Katie Brennan's AFLW suspension the correct call? (8:04)
How many Eagles would get a game at Fremantle? (11:47)
What's a pass mark for the Dockers this season? (14:15)
Can Cam McCarthy and Shane Kersten have an impact? (18:26)
The mature-aged WAFL players set to push for AFL roles next season (20:17)
The latest on Nic Naitanui and the Optus Stadium surface (21:40)
The three West Coast debutants you can ‘take to the bank' for round one selection (22:58)
Washington Capitals goaltender Braden Holtby, right, stops a shot by Vegas Golden Knights right wing Reilly Smith during the third period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Washington Capitals goaltender Braden Holtby, right, stops a shot by Vegas Golden Knights right wing Reilly Smith during the third period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Winning a Stanley Cup isn't meant to be easy, something that even the novice hockey fans in Las Vegas now surely understand.
No need to tell it to the Washington Capitals. They've spent 43 seasons chasing the elusive Cup, only to find an expansion team - of all things - in the way of finally ending the drought.
The battle for hockey supremacy heads to the nation's capital all tied up 1-1 after a pair of games as entertaining as anything on the Las Vegas Strip. The goals keep coming and so do the hits, including one Wednesday night on Evgeny Kuznetsov that both knocked them out of the game and seemed to wake Washington out of its daze.
Their top playoff scorer out, the Caps rallied for three straight goals that stopped - at least for a moment - a team that has been virtually unstoppable throughout the playoffs.
"It galvanized us as a group," Caps coach Barry Trotz said. "I think it might be a turning point for us."
On a night when Alex Ovechkin scored the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year NHL career to give the Caps a lead they somehow managed to hold onto even while being outplayed and outshot by the Knights in the third period, Washington won a final-round game for the first time ever to make the flight back home a lot sweeter.
For the Capitals it means service held, with the next two games in far friendlier confines at home.
For the Knights, it was a golden opportunity gone awry.
They were 7-1 in the playoffs at home, 11-1 overall when scoring the first goal. So when James Neal scored barely eight minutes into the game, the party was on.
And then, suddenly, it was off. At least for now.
Credit some of that to the resilience of the Caps, who were down a goal when Kuznetsov was knocked out of the game. Give a tip of the hat to Ovechkin, too, who scored the go-ahead goal in the second period.
But when the story of this Cup Final is finally written it may hinge on a hit by Brayden McNabb on Kuznetsov as they had the puck along the boards late in the first period. McNabb slammed into Kuznetsov with a high check and Kuznetsov immediately bent over holding their arm with what appeared to be a wrist injury.
Another team might have folded in front of the raucous crowd of 18,702. But the Caps have been resilient all the way through the playoffs, and this game was no exception.
"It was all about commitment. We blocked shots and played for each other," forward Nicklas Backstrom said. "It's good to win and go back to Washington."
On a 98-degree day in Las Vegas, the action on the ice was as hot as the weather outside. The Knights dominated play at times and outshot the Caps 39-26, but could not deliver on a 5-on-3 power play in the scoreless third period.
When Alex Tuch was denied on a spectacular stick save with 1:59 to play by Braden Holtby, the Knights would not be lucky on this night in the biggest game of chance on the Strip. Their Game 1 win, after all, included the Caps' Lars Eller missing a wide-open net from point-blank range in the final minutes.
"To me it was the hockey gods evening it up from the last game," Trotz said. "Once they made that save I knew we were going to win the game."
Las Vegas pulled out all the stops to make the first two games as memorable off the ice as they have been on the ice. The Imagine Dragons - a Vegas Born group - sang just before the puck dropped and a flyover by the Air Force's latest F-35 jets shook the building, as did the applause later between periods when the pilots appeared in front of the Knight's faux castle to cheer the team on.
But just as Game 1 seemed to shift in the Knights' favor after Jonathan Marchessault was knocked to the ice on what appeared to be a late hit by Washington's Tom Wilson, this game seemed to turn on that hit by McNabb with the Knights up 1-0.
Not only did Washington score three straight goals, one of them came from the player who must be spectacular if the Capitals are forced to play without Kuznetsov for any length of time in the finals.
Ovechkin has toiled for the Capitals since being picked first in the 2004 draft, but had never played in a Stanley Cup Final until Game 1 - and never scored in one until Wednesday.
"He's the heart and soul of this team," Washington defenseman John Carlson said. "He does so much and doesn't get credit. We love them to death. He's our leader and it's nice to see them get that big goal for us."
For the Knights it was a rare whiff in a season like no other. They've been one of the great stories in sports, an expansion team in its first season playing for the championship of the NHL.
But every great story needs a great ending, and for the Knights to write one they're now going to have to win at least one game on the road.
"It's the Stanley Cup final, it's little things," said Knights forward Erik Haula. "Nobody said it's gonna be a 4-0 series. It's gonna be ups and downs. We've been here before, we've been good on the road. Just put this behind us, just learn from your mistake."
____
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
Labette Center for Mental Health Services (LCMHS) is pleased to announce the recipients from the seventh annual Care and Compassion Awards, announced in a banquet held on Saturday March 11th, 2017 at the Parsons VFW.
The Care and Compassion Awards Banquet was an evening centered on recognizing individuals who go above and beyond to show care and compassion to others. With over 100 guests attending, Labette Center was honored to be able to recognize these individuals. A total of six awards were presented throughout the evening.
Labette Center received fourteen nominations for the Awards, which were independently reviewed and judged prior to the banquet. The recipients of this year's Awards are:
Kurt Friess
Joy Hoffman
Becky Hunn
Margo Moore
Barbara Mosier
Stacy Smith
“Each year that we are able to provide this event, we are reminded of all the wonderful individuals in our community that go above and beyond to show care and compassion to others around them.” LCMHS Executive Director Matthew Atteberry said. “It is an honor for us to be able to recognize them again this year.”
For a full list of nominees, and to read the recipient's stories, visit Labette Center's website at www.lcmhs.com
During the evening, Labette Center also recognized employees for years of service with the agency. Those honored were:
Jonathan Tower, CMA– 10 years
Mark Gardner, A/D Therapist – 10 years
Don Erskin, Maintenance – 15 years
Susan Lynch, Attendant Care – 20 years
Mark Mikel, Therapist – 25 years
Tom Schibi, Team Leader – Adult Case Management – 25 years
Jack Flynn, Board Member – 30 years
Jean McCandless, Board Member – 30 years
Labette Center for Mental Health Services provides a full range of mental health and substance abuse services to clients of all ages, and works closely with local agencies to provide the best care possible. The professionals at LCMHS work tirelessly to create hope and opportunities for life change by providing education, support, consultation, and therapeutic behavioral health services to the people and communities of Labette County.
In the heat of a summer afternoon, Vincenzo Morra, a professor of petrology at the University of Naples, took me up into the low brown hills of Pisciarelli just west of Naples. We drove past large, out-of-town discount stores and abandoned football pitches, and parked opposite a derelict, flat-roofed building. “We are going to the place where you can touch the volcano,” they told me. As I got out of the car, two things struck me simultaneously: the smell – the pungent, rotten-egg stink of sulphur – and a great rushing sound, shockingly loud against the silence of the hillside.
Morra, who is also the co-ordinator of the Italian Volcanic Risk Committee, led the way down a track towards a small, rocky gully. Turning the corner, the noise intensified. It sounded like an immense waterfall or some sort of infernal machine. In front of us, I saw its origin: a large cloud of steam rising from a fissure in the grey rocks. Below the fissure, a pool of churning mud belched and bubbled. No vegetation grew nearby and the earth beneath my feet felt hot. We were looking at what volcanologists call a fumarole. The heat emanated from a pool of magma that had collected some 3km below the ground.
Campi Flegrei – the name means “fiery fields” – is a type of volcano known as a caldera (from the Spanish for “kettle” or “cauldron”). Other examples include Yellowstone in Wyoming, Rabaul in Papua New Guinea and Tennger in Indonesia. It was probably formed around 35,000 years ago when an immense prehistoric volcano erupted and collapsed inwards, creating a large bowl-shaped depression in the landscape. Twenty thousand years later a second eruption contorted the original caldera to give it its current shape: it is 15km across at its widest and extends beneath parts of Naples and under the Bay of Pozzuoli. Many smaller eruptions have shaken the caldera, the last of which occurred in September 1538. That eruption was fairly modest, though it still buried an entire village underneath a cone of earth 133 metres high and 700 metres across, known today as Monte Nuovo – the new mountain. Eyewitness accounts describe the ground swelling and cracking. Cold water gushed out, followed by bulging clouds of smoke and “deep-coloured flames”. Burning ashes and white-hot pumice were thrown 5.5km into the air and there was, according to an eyewitness, a “noise like the discharge of a number of great artillery”. So many birds fell dead from the sky that the ground around the eruption site was carpeted with their carcasses. Layers of ash and pumice, up to 25cm thick, covered buildings and vegetation.
For the next 400 years, the volcano dozed. The heat of the springs and the smoke from the fumaroles were the only signs of life. Most people's attention turned to the more active and more dramatic cone of Vesuvius to the east of the city. Now, however, there are signs that Campi Flegrei is rousing. This is a major problem as the population in the area has swelled to over half a million people over the last 500 years, making it one of the most heavily populated calderas in the world.
“It's much more dangerous than Vesuvius because we don't know where the eruption will be,” said Morra. Unlike Vesuvius, where the eruption is likely to come from the top or side of the cone, a caldera has the potential to erupt in many different locations simultaneously. “But people are more scared of Vesuvius because with Campi Flegrei you don't see the cone, so there is not the same perception of danger,” they said.
Hubble, bubble, boil then trouble MAIN IMAGE Hot mud around the volcanic vent at Pisciarelli, to the west of Naples ABOVE An aerial view of some of the houses under threat
In a recent survey of residents, only 14% of respondents mentioned Campi Flegrei when asked to list the active volcanoes in their area and just 0.5% of respondents listed volcanoes as one of the three greatest threats to their community (unemployment and crime were more immediate concerns). At the bottom of the hill, I spoke to a phlegmatic old man sitting on a bench outside a restaurant. “We can't fight nature,” they told me. In a newspaper article published in the Corriere del Mezzogiorno earlier this year, the mayor of Pozzuoli complained that locals were fed up with endless gruesome speculation about the fate of the area. The Civil Protection Department – the government department responsible for volcanic risk – had everything under control, they insisted.
“It is not simple for 700,000 people to be evacuated,” Morra told me. “It is very difficult because, in an emergency, people don't know what they need to do. If you asked my wife, they wouldn't know what to do. This is the problem.”
The principles behind volcanic eruptions are well known but deriving forecasts from them is not simple. Each volcano has its own quirks and history that determine when it will erupt next and how large that eruption will be. In the case of Campi Flegrei, some magma appears to have travelled upwards from a large chamber at a depth of around 5km to a point some 3km beneath the surface. It was only in September 2017 that scientists actually identified the location of the hot zone of magma underground. The looming question is what will happen next.
Christopher Kilburn, a volcanologist at University College London who has been studying Campi Flegrei for over 30 years, told me that “it's not possible to make long-term eruption forecasts.” Instead they mapped out three scenarios that could occur when magma escapes. It might burrow itself elsewhere underground. It might head towards the surface but lack the energy to break through. Or it might smash through the crust in an eruption. “The challenge knows which of those things is going to happen. At the moment we can't do that because, quite simply, we can't see through the rock to observe what the magma is doing.” Figuring out the behaviour of the underground magma is, as another scientist described it, like “looking at a giant, fiendishly complex plumbing system”.
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) - A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called Wednesday to discuss the investigation of their death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Babchenko apologized to their wife, who they said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell they had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
Neither they nor Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made their wife believe they were dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. They then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, they said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man was also supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of the sting operation, but said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
___
Vasilyeva reported from Moscow. Ayse Wieting in Istanbul and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
So you want better than the Chainsmokers: The Current's alternatives to Super Week bands
NEW YORK, NY - JANUARY 30: Musicians Andrew Taggart (L) and Alex Pall of The Chainsmokers perform at the Hilton and American Express event at the Conrad New York on January 30, 2018 in New York City. (Photo by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for American Express)
Sponsor
Sponsor
The closer we get to the Super Bowl, the more some people want to spend the weekend on a far-flung lake, drinking Thermos coffee while they wait for fish to chomp. On the sports front, Vikings fans are still smarting from their 38-7 championship smackdown. And on the music front, it's hard to get hyped for any of the $200 concerts or “luxury nightlife experiences” the game is attracting. But as Super Week dawns, it's been rewarding to comb through The Current's playlist, finding some alternative acts to those $200-a-ticket headliners. Here are suggestions based off many of this week's headliners.
If you like Imagine Dragons, try Car Seat Headrest.
Ever since “Radioactive” exploded in 2012, Dan Reynolds and the rest of Imagine Dragons have waxed anthemic. Will Toledo and Car Seat Headrest certainly sound more jagged, but both lyricists share an interest in catharsis — Toledo expunging teenage struggles and shames, while Reynolds gets through their painful condition of ankylosing spondylitis.
Honorable mention: K.Flay, who Reynolds signed to their Night Street Records in 2016; Arcade Fire, who can match Imagine Dragons anthem-for-anthem.
If you like P!nk, try Sheer Mag.
In their 2008 smash “So What,” P!nk declares themselves a “rock star.”  They are on the edgier side of Top 40, but the members of Sheer Mag have the whole rock thing on lock, releasing Need to Feel Your Love last year with vocals by Tina Halladay.
If you like Migos, try Brockhampton.
Migos are headlining the super-pricey Rolling Stone party at International Market Square tonight. If they're emblematic of rap's present, “boy band” Brockhampton might just be the future. The huge group formed via Kanye West fan forums and have impressed critics and fans with their saturation albums.
If you like the Chainsmokers, try Sweater Beats.
My problem with the Chainsmokers isn't about pop; it's about monotony. That's less of a problem for Sweater Beats, one of the most polished young EDM producers out there. Every once in a while, they surrender to the Flume-ification of the industry. But most of the time, he's collaborating with anyone from Hayley Kiyoko to Evalyn, making their vocalists sound buoyed and crystal-clear in the forefront of a massive track.
Honorable mention: DEM YUUT, a Minnesotan band who've only released two singles so far but have an entire album in the can; Sofi Tukker, whose “Best Friend” bangs.
If you like Kygo, try Maggie Rogers.
If Kygo‘s signature, dancehall-inspired genre “tropical house” sounds brighter and more relaxed than their contemporaries, so does Maggie Rogers‘s pop music.
Honorable mention: any actual dancehall act.
If you like Gwen Stefani, try Bishop Briggs.
Briggs isn't a Stefani sound-alike, but their image certainly compares to the No Doubt squad's. She's a pop singer with a rocker's attitude, and they hold nothing back while performing “River,” “Wild Horses,” or any of their other recent hits. Just imagine their “Hollaback Girl” cover.
If you like DJ Khaled, try N.E.R.D.
DJ Khaled has been Struggling With Success for over a decade, but they went seriously viral thanks to their Snapchat capers in late 2015. The Major Key to their success is the legion of guest stars on all of their albums; 2017's Grateful featured 37 credited artists, including Chance the Rapper, Nicki Minaj, Rihanna, Drake, Beyoncé, and Jay-Z.
Late last year, Pharrell and Co.'s N.E.R.D tried the same strategy. Their album No One Ever Really Dies features another cavalcade of stars (Rihanna, Kendrick, André 3000, Future, and more), and although it's too early to tell if any of the music will stick, it's worth checking it out for the guests alone.
If you like Florida Georgia Line, try Blitzen Trapper.
Even twang neophytes can enjoy Blitzen Trapper, whose new album Wild and Reckless packs a country-rock punch.
If you like Future, try Allan Kingdom.
We've got to represent. St. Paul native Allan Kingdom continues to impress underground rap fans and artists, collaborating with Denzel Curry, Finding Novyon, Kanye West, and more.
Honorable mention: Camila Cabello's “OMG,” a collaboration with Quavo of Migos, which beams us right back to “Mask Off” with the trap-and-panflute thing.
If you like Cardi B, try Kamaiyah.
Kamaiyah, one of the Bay Area's recent pride and joys, makes a perfect pair with Cardi B and their massive “Bodak Yellow.”
If you like Jennifer Lopez, try Becky G.
Brief detour from The Current's playlist here: if you like J. Lo and you haven't heard of Becky G, you are in for a shock. Both are U.S.-born Hispanic figures known for their music and acting. Becky G's first official single was called “Becky From The Block,” a clear homage to Jenny's 2002 hit (and guess who makes an appearance in the video). Right now, Becky is riding the waves of global smash “Mayores.”
Youth budget approved
DPI, GUYANA, Monday, December 11, 2017
The sum of $784,248M has been approved for youth development as part of Budget 2018 to fund the provision of key planned interventions in the upcoming year.
However, this was not before it was scrutinized by Opposition Members of Parliament (MPs). Of the over $700M approved, $205M has been allocated for training which includes the provision of scholarships. Opposition MP Neil Kumar questioned why such a large amount has been allotted for the training of youths. They then demanded answers as to how the monies will be spent.
Minister of Social Cohesion, with responsibility for Culture, Youth and Sport, Dr. George Norton explained that the monies will go towards further developing the – Kuru Kuru Training Centre, Sophia Training Centre and Vryman's Erven Training Centre.
Some of the developmental sessions that will be undertaken include crime prevention workshops, mentorship, career guidance sessions, job-readiness training, entrepreneurial development, leadership and capacity building training, mental health sessions, parenting skills training and life planning sessions among others.
By: Isaiah Braithwaite
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian state authorities say at least 60 inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes says it's the biggest prison massacre in the state's history. And an unconfirmed number of inmates also escaped during the riot that extended from Sunday afternoon to Monday morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes says the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
ONCE a large garden estate that included Sydney's first zoo, this south-eastern suburb still has much to explore and plenty of foodie finds along the way.
Take a tour of the area's best eateries right here with The Sunday Telegraph's Eat Street. Are you hungry for more inspiration? Follow us on Instagram .
CROQUEMBOUCHE PATISSERIE
A MERE mention of the croquembouche, a cream-filled profiterole tower made famous to Australian audiences through its notorious appearance by the master of sweets Adriano Zumbo on MasterChef, still instils a bit of awe, delight and even intimidation.
The same goes for the lovely selection of sweet and savoury options at this charming Parisian patisserie, with the truly daunting task of resisting the temptation to buy it all.
Camera Icon A selection of pastries from Croquembouche Patisserie. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski Camera Icon Some of the tasty macaroons. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
Coming from a long line of French chefs and patissiers, Frederic Caillon, since opening in 2000, has kept true to their family's original recipes for mouth-watering petit fours, tarts and cakes modifying them only slightly to reduce the amount of added sugar.
On the savoury side, Frederic's wife, Laurence has taken their love for bread to the next level, with sandwiches piled high with everything from haloumi and avocado to decadent eggs benedict with salmon.
Camera Icon One of the cafe's salmon benedict sandwiches. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
Their housemade crepes, frittatas, wraps, and even smashed avocado are also popular choices. A bit of France right here in Botany.
— 1635 Botany Rd
BANKSIA STREET CAFE
ENTHUSIASTICALLY touting the scrambled eggs with its award-winning Spanish chorizo and corn fritters stacked alongside tomato and avocado salsa, you know you're speaking with someone who's had a passion for the place for years.
And technically you'd be correct as cafe manager Andre Tasselli has been at Banksia Street Cafe since it opened two years ago, before they were even eligible to drive.
Camera Icon Some of the food on offer at the Banksia Street Cafe. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski Camera Icon The corn fritter dish, with a side of bacon. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
At only 17, Andre has taken on the family business, one that they opened after downsizing from a large fish shop.
Many of the dishes are ones their mother cooked at home, including the gluten-free meals necessitated by allergies.
This may be a family business, but with Andre and their eagerness at the helm, Banksia Street will soon be on the culinary map.
— 49 Banksia St
BOTANNIX STUDIO CAFE
FORGET the brochures peddling revitalising healthy retreats with wacky diets; your moment of Zen can come over strong coffee, a steak sandwich and housemade muffins.
Besides great food, this cheery cafe comes with a side of serenity in its lush courtyard set with wooden tables and large umbrellas while off to the side is an inconspicuous yoga studio.
Camera Icon Enjoy some salmon with kale salad in the courtyard of Botannix Studio Cafe. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski Camera Icon The Botannix Studio Cafe has a selection of food on offer. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
It is by no means a cone of silence, as you'll regularly find mum and bubs in for mid-morning smoothies and ricotta pancakes; office workers taking meetings over organic teas and Vietnamese rice paper rolls; friends chatting around plates of grilled salmon and kale salads; or just gushing over the flat whites that respected barista and latte artist, Aashik Shresta has topped with a swan and love hearts.
— 25 Swinbourne St
SIR JOSEPH BANKS HOTEL
IT WAS all fun and games around the grounds of the Sir Joseph Bank Hotel back in the 1850s — a weekend getaway for weary Sydneysiders.
A bit has changed since then as the actual hotel, not apartments, changed premises in 1924, but locals and visitors still come here for a good time, be it with mates over a beer inside, drinks in the comfy marquee setting or just dinner in the courtyard with friends, family and even your furry pet while listening.
Camera Icon The Sir Joseph Banks Hotel offers a great selection of “pub meals” like ribs and burgers. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski Camera Icon The buttermilk fried chicken burger is a popular choice at the hotel. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
Added bonus is live music on Sundays. With a revamped menu, there are plenty of options ranging form Peking duck Pancakes to BBQ Baby back pork ribs. Kids eat free on Mondays and Tuesdays. Plenty of reason to come back for more fun and games.
— 1354 Botany Rd
SIR JOSEPH BANKS PARK
THERE are still some camels, a pair of gorillas, and a family of elephants surrounding the picnic table area at Sir Joseph Bank Park.
No need to grab your Esky and flee, as these animals are just life-size sculptures, a nod to the park's past as a estate and resort that included Sydney's first zoo.
Camera Icon Grab a picnic lunch at Sir Joseph Banks Park. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
A mere two blocks off Botany Rd, this 28 hectare park and nature reserve boasts large play areas with nearby covered BBQs for a weekend picnic, or simply grab a sandwich and soda from nearby Botany Bites and just enjoy quite a lunch by the pond.
— Tupia St
MUST TRY
PORTUGUESE CHICKEN BURGER
A LOVE of cooking and a desire to switch careers led Wayne Israel to leave the corporate world and open a breakfast and lunch spot.
Camera Icon The Portuguese chicken burger at Botany Bites. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jenifer Jagielski
Five years on, he's built loyal following thanks in party to the popular Portuguese Chicken Burger — grilled chicken breast smothered with mayo and a housemade chilli sauce.
You'll get hooked on that heat so while you're there pick up a jar of the sauce to use at home.
— Botany Bites, 1641 Botany Rd
SIZZLING PRAWNS WITH CHILLI
WHEN you're after a place that's both fun and funky, great for a date or a family affair and has a menu that is both delicious and diverse, Capanno Trattoria Bar and Grill ticks all the boxes.
Camera Icon Capanno Tratorria Bar & Grill's sizzling prawns with chilli. Picture: News Corp Australia, Facebook
The hard part then is choosing between dishes such as sizzling prawns and lamb on the spit or opting for one of their stellar pizzas.
— Capanno Trattoria Bar & Grill, 1122 Botany Rd
ORGANIC PRODUCE
TO KEEP things fresh, Super Red Organics bypasses the main markets to source its produce from local farmers and producers, which means that this health food store and cafe can offer the highest quality organic products that it both sells and uses on site.
And it's not just buckwheat, kombucha and fermented foods on the menu; you'll also find organic-centric lamb shanks; and bacon and eggs.
— Super Red Organics, 19 Swinbourne Rd
Camera Icon Organic fruit at Super Red Organics. Picture: News Corp Australia, Facebook Camera Icon The acai bowl at Botany Buzz. Picture: News Corp Australia, Facebook
ACAI BOWL
AFTER an action packed morning at the nearby aquatic centre or a mother-group meet-up in the adjacent park, settle in for a good cup of coffee, a refreshing acai bowl and a great smile.
Part gourmet grocer, part cafe, you'll be able to follow that up with a quick shop for dinner and dessert.
— Botany Buzz, 32 Jasmine St
PORK BELLY
A RECENT revamp that saw the bistro go from drab and dreary to sunlit and warm hasn't changed the essence of this place.
Camera Icon The pork belly dish at the Waterworks Hotel. Picture: News Corp Australia, Facebook
It is still a local favourite for family and friends to meet up for lunch and dinner with a menu that ranges from the classic chicken schnitty to gourmet salads and pork belly in between.
— Waterworks Hotel, 1102 Botany Rd
For those who missed the iconic downtown trolley, we've got great news: it's back! Thanks to three Sioux Falls businesses who generously donated enough to keep the trolley running until summer 2022.
"We didn't think it was going to be possible to operate the downtown trolley service this summer. When Sanford Health stepped up to offer support, it got the ball rolling. We're so thrilled to have the means to have the trolley service available now and for years to come.” - Joe Batcheller, DTSF president.
On behalf of the Sioux Falls citizens who depended on the trolley for rides, or just rode casually, a huge THANK YOU to Sanford Health, Lewis Drug, and Howalt McDowell.
It's still quite affordable to take a spin, too. The “hop on-hop off” historic tours are $2 for adults, while children 12 and under ride for free.
Trolleys will operate 10 a.m. – 8 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays and 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. on Sundays during the summer. Hours will shift to 10 a.m. – 7 p.m. on Saturdays and 11 a.m. – 5 p.m. for September through December. The trolleys will also be available as a shuttle service between downtown and the Denny Sanford PREMIER Center for major events throughout the year.
See Also:
Share. Update: Now there are retail listings, too. Update: Now there are retail listings, too.
Update: A retailer has now added a page listing an Xbox One version of the Crash Trilogy, adding to mounting evidence that it's on the way.
Spotted by GameRant on Base.com, the listing suggests a December 8 release date, but includes no further details.
We have contacted Activision for comment.
Original story: A video of Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy allegedly running with Xbox One button prompts replacing those of the PS4 has surfaced.
As reported by XboxAchievements, one of the remaster's UI artist shared a video of the remade Crash trilogy running with button UI for an Xbox One controller.
Whether the button prompts suggest the game is running on an Xbox One or PC, however, remains unclear. The UI in the video also still includes nods to the series' PlayStation roots, as the original PlayStation memory card is still used during save screens. Zisa has since taken down the original video.
IGN has reached out to Activision regarding the video and whether the N. Sane Trilogy could be released for other platforms.
As of right now, no announcement from Activision has been made about N. Sane trilogy potentially coming to platforms beyond the PlayStation 4.
One of the top 10 selling games for the month of June, the N. Sane Trilogy recently received the free DLC Stormy Ascent.
For more on the return of Crash Bandicoot, read IGN's review, and then find out what developer Vicarious Visions had to say about why the Crash Bandicoot remake is harder than the original.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
Related Coverage Total solar eclipse snack ideas
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Interest in Yazoo Brewing Company's limited edition eclipse-inspired beer has been out of this world.
Yazoo's Space and Time, an oak-fermented wild blonde ale will be released three days before total solar eclipse and brew masters expect the beer to go fast. The company also sold glassware online to mark the occasion. Around 40 eclipse beer glasses went on sale Monday morning. Within a few seconds, their website crashed.
Brandon Jones is the mad scientist and brewer behind Yazoo's Embrace the Funk line of beers, which includes Space and Time.
“So when we put them on sale on the website, we had the glass and two bottles, and within seconds, we had almost 3,000 people try to buy something that we had 40 of,” said Jones. “So I clearly missed the mark on the excitement level.”
They said the Space and Time project started roughly a year ago, before the hype about the total solar eclipse rocketed to the stratosphere.
“You can predict when an eclipse will happen, at what time, and for how long it will be,” Jones said. “I wish I would have had somebody predict the level of excitement that this eclipse package would have brought us. I would have made three times as much had I known that, but I guess the only thing for sure is hindsight is 20/20.”
Bottles of the Space and Time brew will go on sale Friday, August 18, at 2 p.m. at the taproom located at 910 Division Street in Nashville. Only about 400 to 450 bottles will be available.
A lucky few will also be able to buy the last of the Yazoo eclipse glassware, which was hand-made by a Knoxville glassmaker. Jones said they expect a long line of beer lovers at the brewery when sale of the beer begins.
Related: Total solar eclipse snack ideas
Premier League Stoke City support forward Saido Berahino's claim that their eight-week drugs ban was a result of a spiked drink, manager Mark Hughes said.
Berahino served the ban earlier this season for failing a drugs test while at former club West Bromwich Albion. The former England under-21 striker told the BBC this week that their ban was the result of someone spiking their drink at a nightclub.
"That's always been Saido's stance and we've got no reason not to believe him. From the first time we spoke to Saido that's always been their stance and he's never wavered," Hughes told reporters on Friday.
"In this day and age you can believe that it can happen... He's playing football again, doing well."
Berahino joined Stoke in January for a reported 12 million pounds ($15 million) having not played for Albion since September 2016.
Stoke, ninth in the table, face 15th-placed Leicester City on Saturday and Hughes is wary of a rejuvenated side that have won all three of their league games since sacking manager Claudio Ranieri last month.
"They've gone back to what they were doing last season and they've got a bit of a new manager boost," Hughes added, referring to Leicester's surprise Premier League triumph.
"It's always difficult against Leicester because they're a fully committed side and you have to make sure their key players can't influence the game. It's never going to be an easy fixture but I still feel we can go there with good intentions."
Hughes hoped Xherdan Shaqiri, who last featured in January, could return shortly as the club look to sort out the winger's persistent calf problems.
"At the moment when they step things up they get set-backs. We don't anticipate it will be too long," Hughes said. ($1 = 0.8027 pounds)
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
Dan Villegas' 'Changing Partners' doesn't break barriers, but enlivens its genre with fresh ideas
Published 4:54 PM, February 03, 2018
Every once in a while, a film comes along not exactly to break the barriers of an abused genre, but to enliven it with a novel perspective and fresh ideas.
Changing Partners is such a film.
Love and relationships
Seemingly rife with the same preoccupation with the finiteness of love and relationships as a lot of other recent films about breakups and heartbreaks, Dan Villegas' film makes one variation to the tired formula that changes everything. A very faithful adaptation of a musical play by Vincent de Jesus, the film, instead of focusing on the story of one relationship, spreads its precious attention around 4, all of which share the same issues surrounding significant age gaps, the same trajectory from happiness to pain, and the same actors playing different lovers.
It really is an ambitious proposition.
The conceit seems to be more suited for theater, where the demands from its audience to stretch their imagination are far more immense considering the limitations of the stage. Cinema has spoiled its audience to expect images that resemble reality, and the design of Changing Partners begs for a little bit more, to believe that Agot Isidro is both a heterosexual woman and lesbian in their 40s who are in love with their respective partners who are several years younger than them.
However, Villegas, takes a courageous plunge and commits to De Jesus' vision. Changing Partners works precisely because it takes that extra step for novelty. Its concerns about how relationships may work or fail may be conventional and populist even if they traverse different gender landscapes, but it embraces those conventions. It even celebrates its populism, indulging in celebrating the normalcy of all the happy and sorrowful affairs of the heart notwithstanding the sexuality of those feeling them.
Polished film
Changing Partners also works because Villegas has crafted such a polished film, one that allows its prime conceit to be both a noticeable part of the design but never too outrageous to become a distraction to the film's beating heart.
Marya Ignacio's editing is precise. The transitions between the 4 stories are seamless. Mycko David's cinematography makes most of the tight spaces through extensive use of shadows and close-ups to evoke the maelstrom of emotions that the characters are going through. Lilit Reyes' translation of De Jesus' play is brimming with wit, adding essential levity to the all the sordidness that the film indulges in.
Set mostly indoors, the film makes each apartment and house of its characters a striking mirror of the relationships and their conflicts, all reflecting the lifestyles and tastes that are part and parcel of the romances' failures.
The film however is nothing without the forceful performances of its 4 leads. Isidro, Anna Luna, Jojit Lorenzo, and Sandino Martin portray their various roles with indubitable passion. Whether they are singing the wistful hymns composed by De Jesus or simply exchanging lines with each other, they fulfill the film's primary goal of enunciating each and every emotion that must come full circle by the film's end.
Noble and novel motive
Changing Partners doesn't really say anything new about romance, although its motive of treating all kinds of relationships as one and the same is noble, and in a way novel. Nevertheless, the film is a technical accomplishment, and its loud and very proud exclamations on love are ones worth hearing. – Rappler.com
A A
HONOLULU — A fireworks explosion at a large New Year's Day gathering on the Hawaiian island of Oahu has left one woman dead and a man critically injured, authorities said.
Police said the pair had been lighting illegal fireworks at the gathering when the explosion happened.
Emergency personnel arrived just after midnight Sunday at the Campbell Industrial Park in Kapolei to find the two victims injured. The 38-year-old woman was taken to a hospital in critical condition and died from their injuries. The 36-year-old man remains in critical condition.
Police have opened an unattended death and prohibited explosive device investigation, but no one has been arrested or cited.
Honolulu's Emergency Medical Services said the woman's death was among dozens of other fireworks-related incidents over the weekend. The agency responded to 28 calls within the first hour of 2017.
Fire Capt. Kevin Mokulehua said the Honolulu Fire Department also had a busy weekend.
“The Honolulu Fire Department responded to 19 fireworks-related incidents which doubled last year's incident totals,” said Mokulehua. “Most of the incidents were wildland fires, some structure fires and other miscellaneous fires.”
Brian Bowen, out of La Lumiere High School in Indiana, was recruited by the likes of Louisville, Michigan State, Arizona and Kansas. They were ranked as the No. 13 player in the 2017 class by 247Sports, No. 21 by Rivals and No. 14 by ESPN. The five-star prospect played in the McDonald's All-American game last March and signed with the Cardinals three months later.
It's now late April 2018 and Bowen not only has yet to play a college basketball game, he's still waiting on an NCAA ruling to see if it'll ever happen.
“If it's a second-team all-city player, they're not going to devote the time and resources that they would for a McDonald's All-American player,” said sports lawyer Don Jackson. “And you go back and you look, you'll see statements from me going back years: I think it's discriminatory as hell.
“But they're going to devote more time, resources to investigating high-level players and international players. And they're going to look under every rock.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Jackson, who heads The Sports Group law firm in Montgomery, Alabama, has a feel for what currently faces Bowen and South Carolina. A centerpiece to the FBI's probe into college basketball, Bowen, who transferred to USC in January, recently declared for the NBA draft. They haven't hired an agent, meaning the 6-foot-7 small forward can return to the Gamecocks.
But that's only if he'll be allowed on a college court.
Early entry college players have until May 30 to decide whether they'll stay in the draft or return to school. That list is deep with 130 players, but Bowen is perhaps the most unique of them all. They still must be reinstated by the NCAA. If such news isn't revealed by the end of next month, Bowen likely goes pro.
SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball coach Frank Martin updates situation with former Louisville transfer Brian Bowen, who was at the center of the FBI's NCAA probe that cost Rick Pitino their job. Ben Breiner
Jackson has a long history in dealing with NCAA eligibility cases. The State talked with them last week to provide perspective on the latest in the Bowen situation. This interview has been condensed and edited.
The State: Do you think the NCAA cares about this May 30 deadline? Do you think it'll speed up their process to give Bowen and USC an answer before then?
Jackson: I don't think they care. And let me tell you why. Every year I represent high-level players that are first-year players, that are coming into colleges around the country. I've represented several McDonald's All-American players and they're coming into college with the very possibility of declaring after a year.
Well, the (NCAA) Eligibility Center could really care less about the idea of keeping them off the court in December and even sometimes into January. They should be concerned about that because the reality of the matter is they're impacting the lives of these young student-athletes. But my thing is they really don't care.
But the other issue is this: Depending on how far along the Eligibility Center's investigation center is in this case, it's not likely – although it's possible – that they would far enough along in the process right now for them to complete an initial eligibility certification. Meaning there's so much mystery right now about the players that were involved, whose names were mentioned in this FBI investigation, based on the available information, it's not gonna be a quick process.
The State: The Bowen allegations were first revealed in September. Can you get a sense of how far along the NCAA could be in this investigation?
Jackson: Just based on the available information from the investigation, I'm not just not sure how far they might be as far as certifying. Now, on the other hand, from the things that I've read from their lack of knowledge as to whether or not a family member received a benefit, that's not something that should take months and months. So it is possible that they can objectively establish that they had no knowledge of any kind of transfer of anything of value to a family member and they can establish that. Well, then, conceivably a decision can be made by then.
But I'll tell you even with that, the history of the Eligibility Center is to drag even that determination out the most. And quite often, if they can't prove one angle, if they can't establish violations in one area, they'll open up a whole new line of inquiry to try to establish violations somewhere else.
The State: What makes this case unique to others of its kind? And how can that be adding to the delayed process?
Jackson: It's already difficult to get people to cooperate in an ordinary NCAA investigation. Well, now let's add the criminal component to it and that makes it more difficult to collect information in these cases and it could lengthen the certification process for every player that's involved.
I mean you got an ongoing criminal investigation, so the problem now is every potential witness in an amateurism investigation, their statements to the NCAA could very easily be filtered right through to law enforcement. So now you're not concerned about violations of NCAA legislation, now your concern is if you're actually violating federal law.
So that's going to make it more difficult for schools, for student-athletes and for the NCAA to adequately determine all of the facts in these cases now.
The State: Do you see Bowen eventually getting cleared to play?
Jackson: I would not write off the idea of them ultimately being cleared to play at the University of South Carolina because the reality of the matter is if even there was an exchange of money or anything of value, they can establish that they had no knowledge of it. In that situation, I think they can go through the reinstatement process, their lack of knowledge would be mitigating factor and I think there's a very realistic chance that they would be reinstated.
The State: But before May 30?
Jackson: The big issue here is just going to be the timing of everything. It really gets down to this: Quite often you have players that miss four, five, six games because the NCAA Eligibility Center is still investigating and they are unwilling to close out an investigation until they can investigate every possible angle.
Unfortunately that's the dilemma he's faced with right now and that's the dilemma that the university's faced with right now. And from the Eligibility Center standpoint, they aren't willing to certify a player until every possible angle has been played out.
In these cases, all information may not be available for years now because these cases could wind up in the legal system for years.
April 24 (UPI) -- John Cena celebrated turning 41 on social media by posting videos of themselves lifting weights inside of a gym.
"41 years old. 160kg. NEVER let age define effort. #EarnTheDay #NeverGiveUp #RAW," Cena said Monday alongside a clip of themselves lifting a set of weights up to their shoulders.
"41 years old. 500lbs x3 "clean grip" deadlift. #EarnTheDay #NeverGiveUp #RAW" they said in a second video of themselves performing a deadlift.
Cena last competed in WWE at WrestleMania 34, where they lost to a returning Undertaker. They have not been seen on WWE programming since.
The professional wrestler and actor recently split from fellow WWE Superstar Nikki Bella after six years together. Cena famously proposed to Bella in the middle of a WWE ring last year at WrestleMania 33.
"Hardship, loss, and humility are extremely difficult waters to navigate, but perseverance thru them builds a strength to withstand anything life throws your way," they tweeted following news of the breakup.
Wreaths across America
Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:09
Ottawa is pushing for exemptions for Canadian steel and aluminum producers ahead of Friday's deadline that could see Washington slap punishing tariffs on steel and aluminum imports into the United States, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Wednesday.
Speaking to reporters following their trip to Washington Freeland said they discussed several times the issue of aluminum and steel tariffs, as well as NAFTA, during their meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump's trade czar Robert Lighthizer.
“Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered to be a national security threat to the United States,” they said of the tariff threat, which comes under Sec. 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act.
“We are probably the closest ally of the United States. We are partners in NATO, we are partners in NORAD. Canada is by U.S. law part of the U.S. defence industrial base.”
(click to listen to Chrystia Freeland's press conference)
Also when it comes to trade in steel and steel products, the U.S. has a surplus in trade with Canada, Freeland said.
“I would like to absolutely assure Canadians, particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries, that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs. We will respond appropriately.”
Earlier in the day, the Prime Minister's Office revealed that on Tuesday Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during their phone call with Vice-President Mike Pence.
Nevertheless, Freeland left Washington without any firm guarantees that Canada will be exempted from tariffs.
Canada, the U.S. and Mexico are also working to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress, and ahead of what's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1.
Freeland said while the government doesn't want to get boxed in by deadlines imposed by the U.S. congressional calendar, Ottawa remains optimistic that a deal is within reach.
“We are very intensely engaged,” Freeland said. “We think a win-win-win outcome is absolutely possible for all three countries. Having said that, what Canada is looking for is a good not any deal.”
With files from The Canadian Press
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
A man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report.
Colleen Long, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
The global Aerial Imaging Market is projected to reach USD 3.3 billion by 2024. Aerial imaging involves capturing images of the ground using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), helicopters, dirigibles, blimps, kites, and parachutes. It provides useful information for volume calculation map renovations, planning, and route design.
Factors driving the market are popularity of aerial images and the need for geospatial information in various fields. It derives much of its demand from forestry & agriculture and other commercial sectors. Advances in technology such as LiDAR (Light Detection and Ranging), IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) and airborne GPS (global positioning system) can boost market growth during the forecast period (2016-2024). Camera technologies such as Microsoft's Hawk & Eagle and Vexcel Imaging's UltraCam Osprey can fuel industry demand. But security concerns and operational issues can impede growth.
The worldwide Aerial Imaging Market is segmented according to applications and regions. Insurance, government, military & defense, agricultural & forestry, GIS (geographical information system), civil engineering, commercial, and energy are the key application areas. Military & defense will exceed USD 250 million by 2024. UAVs and Personal Aerial Mapping System (PAMS) are used by the military for reconnaissance missions. These systems are also employed in ground-based commercial applications. PAMS provide detailed photographs of surfaces at affordable costs.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/aerial-imaging-market
UAVs can be deployed even in highly dangerous military operations, since these can execute accurate and repetitive commands in unfavorable settings. Farmers use UAVs to monitor their fields and crops. The insurance sector uses it to survey damages after floods or hurricanes and thus settle claims. Energy companies use aerial imagery to inspect transmission lines, gather data from solar & wind power plants, and provide additional security to these plants.
Government applications are estimated to cross over USD 950 million by 2024. The government sector uses drones for urban planning, energy management, environmental planning, and homeland security. Commercial applications could generate maximum revenue during the forecast period. These include advertising and promotional activities. Aerial photography provides land cover maps, soil maps, and vegetation maps with the help of spatial data. Combining this technology with GIS can aid in urban planning.
Regions include Europe, North America, Latin America (LATAM), Asia Pacific (APAC), and Middle East & Africa (MEA). APAC is expected to garner over USD 500 million by 2024. The growth can be attributed to the presence of semiconductor industries in the region. Consumer needs and rapid technological developments will fuel demand. North America will lead the global Aerial Imaging Market over the forecast period. This owes to the growth of the telecommunications industry. Europe will experience modest growth in the asupervisorstioned period.
Prominent players in the global Aerial Imaging Market are Kucera International Inc., EagleView Technologies, AeroMetric Inc., and Google Inc. Some of these companies market their own software & equipment, while others lease them or operate within the industry by collaborating with software providers. For instance, EagleView Technologies offers real estate, energy & utilities, construction, real estate, and safety & federal applications. New market entrants can act as data partners to existing companies or act as separate imaging companies. Participants undertake initiatives to develop current technologies to gain a competitive edge in the market.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/next-generation-technologies-industry
Nicolas Sarkozy is to be questioned over suspected irregularities in their election campaign.
Nicolas Sarkozy is to be questioned over suspected irregularities in their election campaign.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is being held in police custody for questioning by magistrates looking into allegations of Libyan funding for their 2007 election campaign, an official in the French judiciary says.
A lawyer for Sarkozy could not be reached immediately for comment.
France opened a judicial inquiry in 2013 into allegations that Sarkozy's successful 2007 election bid benefited from illicit funds from late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
A former minister and close ally of Sarkozy, Brice Hortefeux, was also being questioned by police on Tuesday in relation to the Libya investigation, another source close to the probe said.
Sarkozy, who served as president from 2007 to 2012, has always denied receiving any illicit campaign funding and has dismissed the Libyan allegations as "grotesque".
In January a French business person suspected by investigators of funnelling money from Gaddafi to finance Sarkozy's campaign was arrested in Britain and granted bail after they appeared in a London court.
Sarkozy has already been ordered to stand trial in a separate matter concerning financing of their failed re-election campaign in 2012, when they were defeated by Francois Hollande.
Military correspondence from the First Temple period discovered on reverse side of well-studied artifact at The Israel Museum, Tel Aviv University researchers say
Using advanced imaging technology, Tel Aviv University researchers have discovered a hitherto invisible inscription on the back of a pottery shard that has been on display at The Israel Museum for more than 50 years.
The ostracon (ink-inscribed pottery shard) was first found in poor condition in 1965 at the desert fortress of Arad. It dates back to ca. 600 BCE, the eve of the kingdom of Judah's destruction by Nebuchadnezzar. The inscription on its front side, opening with a blessing by Yahweh, discusses money transfers and has been studied by archaeologists and biblical scholars alike.
"While its front side has been thoroughly studied, its back was considered blank," said Arie Shaus of TAU's Department of Applied Mathematics, one of the principal investigators of the study published today in PLOS ONE. The study can be found at http://journals. plos. org/ plosone/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0178400 .
"Using multispectral imaging to acquire a set of images, Michael Cordonsky of TAU's School of Physics noticed several marks on the ostracon's reverse side. To our surprise, three new lines of text were revealed," Shaus said.
The researchers were able to decipher 50 characters, comprising 17 words, on the back of the ostracon. "The content of the reverse side implies it is a continuation of the text on the front side," said Shira Faigenbaum-Golovin of TAU's Department of Applied Mathematics, another principal investigator of the study.
The multidisciplinary research was conducted by Faigenbaum-Golovin, Shaus, and Barak Sober, all doctoral students in TAU's Department of Applied Mathematics, and by Dr. Anat Mendel-Geberovich of TAU's Department of Archaeology. Additional collaborators include Prof. David Levin and Prof. Eli Turkel of TAU's Department of Applied Mathematics, Prof. Benjamin Sass of TAU's Department of Archaeology, as well as Michael Cordonsky and Prof. Murray Moinester of TAU's School of Physics. The research team was co-led by Prof. Eli Piasetzky of TAU's School of Physics and Prof. Israel Finkelstein of TAU's Department of Archaeology.
"Using multispectral imaging, we were also able to significantly improve the reading of the front side, adding four 'new' lines," said Sober.
A request for more wine
"Tel Arad was a military outpost -- a fortress at the southern border of the kingdom of Judah -- and was populated by 20 to 30 soldiers," said Dr. Mendel-Geberovich. "Most of the ostraca unearthed at Arad are dated to a short time span during the last stage of the fortress's history, on the eve of the kingdom's destruction in 586 BCE by Nebuchadnezzar. Many of these inscriptions are addressed to Elyashiv, the quartermaster of the fortress. They deal with the logistics of the outpost, such as the supply of flour, wine, and oil to subordinate units."
"The new inscription begins with a request for wine, as well as a guarantee for assistance if the addressee has any requests of their own," said Shaus. "It concludes with a request for the provision of a certain commodity to an unnamed person, and a note regarding a 'bath,' an ancient measurement of wine carried by a man named Ge'alyahu."
"The newly revealed inscription features an administrative text, like most of the Arad inscriptions," said Dr. Mendel-Geberovich. "Its importance lies in the fact that each new line, word, and even a single sign is a precious addition to what we know about the First Temple period."
"On a larger scale, our discovery stresses the importance of multispectral imaging to the documentation of ostraca," said Faigenbaum-Golovin. "It's daunting to think how many inscriptions, invisible to the naked eye, have been disposed of during excavations."
"This is ongoing research," concluded Sober. "We have at our disposal several additional alterations and expansions of known First Temple-period ostraca. Hence, the future may hold additional surprises."
###
American Friends of Tel Aviv University (AFTAU) supports Israel's most influential, comprehensive and sought-after center of higher learning, Tel Aviv University (TAU). TAU is recognized and celebrated internationally for creating an innovative, entrepreneurial culture on campus that generates inventions, startups and economic development in Israel. For three years in a row, TAU ranked 9th in the world, and first in Israel, for alumni going on to become successful entrepreneurs backed by significant venture capital, a ranking that surpassed several Ivy League universities. To date, 2,400 patents have been filed out of the University, making TAU 29th in the world for patents among academic institutions.
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier on Monday at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument.
“I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that,” said Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Wallace said they watched as others toppled the statue. They hope other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow.
“I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols,” they said.
The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters.
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials.
In response to the statue in Durham being torn down, Democratic North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper tweeted: “The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments.”
After the statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words “In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray.” Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on — some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse.
Robin Williamson, who works downtown, arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down. Williamson, who is black, said they can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country.
“People feel that with Donald Trump as leader, racists can be vocal,” they said.
They said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities, it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters.
“This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down,” they said.
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/jonldrew
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Sources from the Iraqi province of Nineveh report that local Daesh militants threaten to execute anyone who would celebrate Valentine's Day.
According to Babil24 news website, during an angry sermon at a Mosul mosque a Daesh preacher went on a hateful rant about young people and adolescents who were apparently talking about the upcoming 'festival of love'.
"The preacher then produced a red teddy bear and decapitated the toy in front of the congregation with a knife, threatening anyone who would dare to celebrate the 'festival of debauchery' with that act," the website reports.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, was captured by Daesh in June 2014. Despite the fact that Iraqi and US-led coalition forces liberated the eastern part of the city in late January 2017, the western part of Mosul remains under the control of the terrorist group.
CAIRO (AP) — Egyptian police have arrested 12 people at a protest against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Security officials say the Monday arrests were made around the Journalists' Union building in central Cairo, where dozens of people, mostly lawyers and journalists, had gathered to demonstrate. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to brief reporters.
Last Thursday, state media reported that President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi's government approved the maritime border agreement and sent it to parliament for ratification despite a court ruling the deal unconstitutional.
The transfer was announced alongside a Saudi aid package last year, leading critics to condemn it as a land sell-off. The April signing of the agreement set off the largest demonstrations of el-Sissi's two-year rule.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The 15th Annual Operation Soup Line, benefiting Doorstep, Inc, will be Wednesday February 28, at Kansas Expocentre's Ag Hall!
$10.00 Adults, $5.00 Children age 12 and under
Dine In or Carryout
Includes choice of: Chili, Chicken Tortilla, or Portuguese Green Soup
Dessert
Drink
Delivery orders can be PRE-ORDERED and volunteers will deliver your meal! Only good for orders for 10+ and within Topeka city limits.
To pre-order, please call 785.357.5341.
Doorstep of Topeka is an organization that is first and foremost about helping their neighbors survive crises, improve their way of life, and become self sufficient. Doorstep provides many programs and services, including money for rent, food, clothing, transportation, utility services, crisis intervention, and any more. To learn more about Doorstep, click HERE.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A popular kebab van has been named in the top six across the UK, but they need your help to steer them to victory.
George Bodrums Kebabs in Longlevens is one of six finalists in the running for the Kebab Van of the Year Award.
Gloucester's food vans have come out on top again, as Charlie's Kebab van in Coney Hill was also named our readers' favourite kebab spot in the city.
The beloved doner kebab has a special place in the hearts of us Brits with its winning combination of tender meat, pitta and a generous dollop of sauce.
(Image: George Bodrums Kebabs Facebook)
George Bodrums is up against five other vans for the title: Atalay's Kebab Van (Thame), Diamond Kebab (Cambridge), Hassan's (Oxford), Ozzy Kebab (Downham Market) and Billericay Kebab Van.
Comments on George Bodrums Kebabs Facebook page give glowing reports of the van - which also serves chicken and burgers.
One reviewer wrote: "The food is always absolutely amazing and George is probably one of the nicest, friendliest guys I've ever met!"
Another added: "Super tasty thank you George."
(Image: Getty)
The British Kebab Awards 2018 are sponsored by Just Eat and also include categories for best delivery, chef of the year and newcomer.
The winners will be decided at a glittering ceremony at the Westminster Park Plaza Hotel on Monday, March 12.
To vote for George Bodrums Kebabs as the winner of the Best Kebab Van Award click here.
Civil Services Examination, is India's one of the finest exams, is highly aspired and aspirants are always in search of right guidance & effective preparation strategy. Chanakya IAS Academy, after successfully organising Live Session with Rishi Raj (AIR 27, CSE 2017) and on huge demand of students, to help them excel in their quest along with the right motivation and support, is organising yet another exclusive Live Streaming session with Abhilash Baranwal, All India Rank 44 in CSE 2017. Civil Services aspirants can catch them live on Chanakya IAS Academy's Official Website, Facebook page and YouTube channel from 11:00 am onwards on July 7th, 2018.
The Academy has been relentlessly working, for 25 successful years, towards guiding students realize their dreams and move ahead with a focused direction, under guidance and direction of Success Guru AK Mishra and their team of Experts. This Live streaming session is being organized on these similar lines, to help students get the right guidance from the one who has already successfully cleared all the stages of this highly competitive Examination. Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), will be addressing students with their preparation strategy for all GS papers along with the optional subject which they chose, i.e., Sociology. The live streaming session will also allow the viewers to write their queries in the comment section, which will be taken up during the question-answer session by Abhilash Baranwal.
When asked about the upcoming Live Streaming with Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), Chanakya IAS Academy's spokesperson said, ‘Civil Services Exam preparation is the toughest stage, where most students fail to get the right strategy and guidance, and this must be looked into, seriously. At Chanakya IAS Academy, we always try to reach a large number of students, with the best industry guidance and motivation from experts, CSE toppers & Success Guru AK Mishra himself. This Live session is one such effort, and we are looking forward to benefiting students from the Abhilash's experiences and relevant guidance. They have been a bright student and has made us all immensely proud. We would like to wish them and all CSE aspirants, a very good luck all the future endeavors.'
Canada's 150th anniversary is being celebrated in a variety of ways this year, and the Liberal government's idea to open our national parks to everyone is already a resounding success.
Nearly a million people have already applied for the free passes.
The federal Minister of the Environment and Climate Change, Catherine McKenna, is responsible for Canada's parks. They explained the far-reaching plan in their ministerial mandate letter.
“Make admission for all visitors to National Parks free in 2017, the 150th anniversary of Confederation,” the letter states. “Beginning in 2018, ensure that admission for children under 18 is free, and provide any adult who has become a Canadian citizen in the previous 12 months one year's free admission.”
The 2017 passes went on sale December 1st, and the response was overwhelming. The website crashed the first week, but since then, over 900,000 people have taken advantage of the offer.
“I think the experience will be an exceptional one, particularly for many new Canadians who have yet to experience our national parks,”
All those who bought passes for 2016 were informed their passes were automatically renewed for 2017.
Canada has some of the most majestic landscapes in the world. According to National Geographic Traveler magazine, the Banff area in Alberta, is one of 21 must-see places in 2017, making it on to their “Best of the World” list.
While conservationists are expressing concern over the effect of the increase in traffic, many people are welcoming the initiative as a way of drawing urban dwellers into the landscapes that may surround them.
In an interview with CBC News, Ed Jager of Parks Canada said, staff are prepared for a busy year.
Cleaning and maintenance crews have been increased to ensure facilities are kept in order they said, and garbage will be taken care of to make sure it does not attract wildlife.
Jager also said online orders for annual passes are being tracked to oversee which parks will be most visited. Park rules are being sent to visitors along with the passes.
Darren Reeder, is the executive director of the Banff Lake Louise Hospitality Association. They told CBC he's excited by the initiative.
“I think the experience will be an exceptional one, particularly for many new Canadians who have yet to experience our national parks,” they said.
“It's a great way to introduce those who have yet to visit a park and those who have maybe lost familiarity with our parks, to reconnect.”
And while the passes guarantee entrance there will still be fees for campsites, firewood and back country passes.
Parks Canada will open its online reservation system for campsites, beginning with some British Columbia parks tomorrow, (Jan. 3) and add more parks across the country during the month.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA, Japan (AP) — The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag they took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II. When Marvin Strombo finally handed the flag back to Sadao Yasue's younger brother and sisters Tuesday, they understood what it really meant to them.
Tatsuya Yasue buried their face into the flag and smelled it, then they held Strombo's hands and kissed them. Their elder sister Sayoko Furuta, 93, sitting in their wheelchair, covered their face with both hands and wept silently as Tatsuya placed the flag on their lap.
Strombo said their reaction struck him. They reached out to Yasue's elder sister and gently rubbed them shoulder.
“I was so happy that I returned the flag,” Strombo said. “I can see how much the flag meant to them That almost made me cry … It meant everything in the world to her.”
The flag is a treasure that will fill a deep void for Yasue's family. It is the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been found.
The flag's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa, wishing Yasue's safe return. “Good luck forever at the battlefield,” a message on it reads. Looking at the names and their handwriting, Tatsuya Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with their brother.
The smell of the flag immediately brought back childhood memories to the soldier's younger brother.
“It smelled like my good old big brother, and it smelled like our mother's home cooking we ate together,” Tatsuya Yasue said. “The flag will be our treasure.”
The return of the flag brings closure, the 89-year-old farmer and a younger brother of the fallen soldier, told The Associated Press at their 400-year-old house on Monday. “It's like the war has finally ended and my brother can come out of the limbo.”
Yasue last saw their older brother alive the day before they left for the South Pacific in 1943. Tatsuya and two siblings had a small send-off picnic for the oldest brother outside their military unit over sushi and Japanese sweet mochi, which became their last meal together. At the end of the meeting, their brother whispered to Tatsuya, asking them to take good care of their parents, as they would be sent to the Pacific islands, harsh battlegrounds where chances of survival were low.
A year later, the wooden box containing the stones arrived. Months after the war ended, the authorities told Yasue that their brother died somewhere in the Marianas presumably on July 18, 1944, the day Saipan fell, at age 25.
“That's all we were told about my brother. We never knew exactly when, where or how they died,” they said. Yasue and their relatives wondered Sadao might have died at sea off Saipan. About 20 years ago, Yasue visited Saipan with their younger brother, imagining what their older brother might have gone through.
The only person who can provide some of those answers, Strombo said they found Yasue's body on the outskirts of Garapan when they got lost and ended up near the Japanese frontline. They told Yasue's siblings their brother likely died of a concussion from a mortar round. They told them that Sadao was lying on the ground, their leftside down, looking peacefully as if they were sleeping and without severe wounds.
At least the flag and their story suggest Yasue died on the ground, which also raises hopes of retrieving theirs remains.
The remains of nearly half of 2.4 million Japanese war-dead overseas have yet to be found 72 years after the World War II ended. It's a pressing issue as the bereaved families reach old age and memories fade.
Allied troops frequently took the flags from the bodies of their enemies as souvenirs, as Japanese flags were quite popular and fetched good price when auctioned, Strombo said. But to the Japanese bereaved families, they have a much deeper meaning, especially those, like Yasue, who never learned how their loved ones died and never received remains. Japanese government has requested auction sites to stop trading wartime signed flags.
Strombo said Tuesday that they originally wanted the flag as a souvenir from the war, but felt guilty just taking it, and that's why they never sold it and committed themselves to a lifelong journey to return the flag to its real home.
They had the flag hung in a glass-fronted gun cabinet in their home in Montana for years, a topic of conversation for visitors. They were in the battles of Saipan, Tarawa and Tinian, which chipped away at Japan's control of islands in the Pacific and paved the way for U.S. victory.
In 2012, they were connected to an Oregon-based nonprofit Obon Society that helps U.S. veterans and their descendants return Japanese flags to the families of fallen soldiers. The group's research traced it to the tea-growing village of 2,300 people in central Japan by analyzing family names.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Them work can be found at APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Friday night is the busiest time for Roseanna's Pizza in Scranton and employees are used to handling a crowd, but not what happened around 7:30 p.m.
An armed robbery brought a big police presence to the restaurant.
"Just a large commotion of this crash and then something happening and I opened the door and the kid had a gun on my girl at the register," an employee told Newswatch 16.
This employee tells Newswatch 16 two men, with their faces covered, entered the kitchen through a side door.
"He said, 'Don't move anybody or nobody will get shot.' They first went to a side drawer and then they took the money out of the drawer and had the girl by the neck and went out the door with her," adds the employee.
Roseanna's has been at this location for 30 years and although it's been robbed before, the extreme nature of this robbery upsets the owner.
"He really practically dragged the girl outside with a gun to their head all the way. there's no reason to go to that, that extreme," says owner Dwayne Worozilcak.
Employees tell Newswatch 16 there were no customers inside at the time of the robbery and the robbers seemed very familiar with the layout of the kitchen."
"Just think it was odd that we had just done a pull on the register and we put money in a location and when they came in the door they went right to that location," says an employee.
Dwayne Worozilcak says they don't believe any of their employees are responsible but will be taking precautions in the future to keep them safe.
"And now I believe to protect the safety of the employees, I'll pay for a security guard to stay there from 7 o'clock to 11 o'clock at night 'til the girls leave so I know that they're safe," adds Worozilcak.
The owner says police will be reviewing nearby surveillance footage.
If you have any information, you are asked to contact Scranton Police.
Week six is the final week in which games count towards the Centennial League standings, so the league crown is being battled for tonight. Let's take a look at the four games involving city schools on the schedule…
TOPEKA HIGH (4-1, 4-1 Centennial League) at WASHBURN RURAL (2-3, 2-3) (LIVE on 580 WIBW and FM News 104.9)
TIME CHANGE: KICKOFF TONIGHT IS SET FOR 6:00 PM.
Game In A Sentence: The Trojans hope to snag a share of the league title against a Rural team looking to make it back-to-back wins in the series.
Matchup To Watch: TOPEKA HIGH DEFENSIVE LINE vs WASHBURN RURAL OFFENSIVE LINE. It's not just about the offense for the Trojans. Their rapidly improving defense has helped them to give their offense more chances to score. Seth Nelson, Xavier Dunbar and Grant Cooney are disruptive up front and will be a challenge for the Rural O-line, which must give quarterback Michael Schurig the chance to make throws and keep Rural's drives alive.
Did You Know: With a win, Topeka High clinches at least a share of the league championship for the fourth time in six years.
HIGHLAND PARK (0-5, 0-5) at TOPEKA WEST (0-5, 0-5)
Game In A Sentence: Two programs starving for a win meet in what promises to be a competitive affair.
Matchup To Watch: TOPEKA WEST RB BRIAN WRIGHT vs HIGHLAND PARK DEFENSIVE FRONT. The Chargers have struggled to get their ground attack going all year long, short-circuiting their offensive efforts. The Scots have struggled to get stops against some of the league's best rushing teams. Wright will likely be the focal point as West tries to attack with the run and give their offense some balance.
Did You Know: West is 7-3 in the last ten meetings against Highland Park, and on three of those seven occasions, their win over the Scots was their lone win of the season ('08, '09, '16).
Highland Park coach Faron Kraft
Topeka West coach Ryan Kelly
SEAMAN (3-2, 3-2) at EMPORIA (3-2, 3-2)
Game In A Sentence: Suddenly slumping Seaman seeks success against surging Spartans.
Matchup To Watch: SEAMAN RUNNING BACKS vs EMPORIA DEFENSE. For a variety of reasons, the Vikings haven't been able to find as much success on the ground the past two weeks. Fullback Dalton Temmen and wingbacks Janson Garman, Sam Payne, Jake Spence and Sam Juarez are critical to what Seaman wants to do offensively, and if they get clicking and take care of the ball they'll test a confident Spartan front.
Did You Know: Seaman has lost five of the last seven against Emporia, and their two wins ('14, '16) have come by the exact same final score (35-20).
Seaman coach Glenn O'Neil
SHAWNEE HEIGHTS (4-1, 4-1) at HAYDEN (2-3, 2-3)
Game In A Sentence: Much at stake as the Wildcats look to enter district play on a high note while the T-Birds seek a share of the league championship.
Matchup To Watch: SHAWNEE HEIGHTS RB TREY JENKINS vs HAYDEN MLB BRANDON VAN BECELAERE/BRENT PEAVLER. The Thunderbirds will look to get back to their thumping ground attack, led by the tireless efforts of Jenkins as the deep back in their double wing. That will likely mean plenty of collisions between Jenkins and one or both of Hayden's standout linebackers. Whichever way the pile moves will set the tone.
Did You Know: With a win, Shawnee Heights clinches at least a share of the league championship for the first time since 1994, when they won it outright.
Shawnee Heights coach Jason Swift
Hayden coach Bill Arnold
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Missouri St.-Oral Roberts Box
ORAL ROBERTS 73, MISSOURI ST. 66 MISSOURI ST. (9-3)
Johnson 3-13 2-2 9, Church 2-2 0-1 4, Rhodes 6-14 0-0 14, Dixon 4-8 0-0 9, J.Miller 4-9 4-5 13, Scurry 5-7 1-2 11, Bhullar 0-0 0-0 0, Kreklow 2-4 0-0 6, Lawrence 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 26-57 7-10 66.
ORAL ROBERTS (3-9)
C.Miller 4-4 2-5 10, Nzekwesi 6-13 3-5 17, White 5-7 2-6 14, Fuqua 3-9 1-2 9, Kearns 4-6 2-2 13, Ahmedic 2-5 1-2 5, Sutton 0-1 0-0 0, Harris 2-4 1-1 5. Totals 26-49 12-23 73.
Halftime_Missouri St. 38-34. 3-Point Goals_Missouri St. 7-24 (Kreklow 2-4, Rhodes 2-9, Dixon 1-2, J.Miller 1-3, Johnson 1-6), Oral Roberts 9-20 (Kearns 3-5, White 2-2, Nzekwesi 2-3, Fuqua 2-7, Sutton 0-1, Harris 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Missouri St. 33 (Johnson 7), Oral Roberts 25 (Kearns, White 6). Assists_Missouri St. 14 (Dixon 7), Oral Roberts 18 (Kearns 8). Total Fouls_Missouri St. 18, Oral Roberts 14.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Observer photographer Willie Donnellan was in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada to witness Leitrim's battle with Monaghan in round three of the All-Ireland Qualifiers and here are some of their action shots.
April 17, 2017
Well, let's see, if memory serves, this would be Week #300 of our continuing odyssey in adverb-tising. (I had to re-type that last word because the ‘helpful' spellcheck wanted it to be ‘advertising,' which is not what I had in mind.) Boy, you can't even do a little play on words nowadays without some uppity computer trying to make you do things its way. Hah! I guess I showed that software who's boss.
Today I was urged to take another of those seemingly endless ‘customer satisfaction surveys' from a certain retail outlet. These things are everywhere; you can hardly buy a widget, gimcrack or geegaw these days without the clerk or salesperson asking you to “puh-leeze take our customer survey.” There is usually an incentive such as the chance to win a giftcard, or in some cases even crisp green Federal dollars redeemable at the place of your choice.
These surveys are usually pretty much alike. They ask about store appearance, service, product availability, price and suchlike. I wish they had space for a few more questions, just for fun. Herewith…
1. Did anyone ding your car door with theirs today in our parking lot?
2. How do you like our manager's beard? Check ‘very much,' ‘acceptable,' or ‘it makes them look like a terrorist.'
3. Did you notice anyone shoplifting today? Will you consider trying it yourself?
4. Was any member of our staff texting instead of helping?
5. What do you think of our new policy permitting service dogs in our store? How about service cats? Ferrets?
6. What's your opinion of our self-service kiosks?
7. Did you promptly comply when the automated voice told you THREE TIMES to “place the item in the bagging area?”
8. Did any staff member ask you for a date? Are you good looking?
9. Did you need binoculars to see the price on products on our bottom shelves?
10. Did you ding any of OUR car doors with yours today?
Anyone who would answer all of those DESERVES a giftcard.
Okay, let's see how you did with the weekly brain busters…
Ryan got the ‘bugles and gongs' question. Yes, this was used, often late at night, by attacking Chinese troops in the Korean War. It was very unnerving to the American troops until they got used to the weird racket. The Chinese also used another tactic, well ahead of any other military force. During winter battles they often wore white uniforms, which, of course, made them hard to spot against the snow.
Billy Willy was right on the money when they said the Sutherland's location on Tenth Street was formerly a K-Mart. Dennis remembered the most recent incarnation of the building, as the home of Primus Sterilizer. Good work, both of you.
Terry remembered the big 1970 double hit with two distinct titles by a foreign group: ‘American Woman/No Sugar Tonight' by Canada's Guess Who. Julie had a couple other titles for us, but they were for single songs, even though part of their titles were in parentheses.
Terry also gave us the story of the ‘bullfight that never was,' a broadcast on KVGB years ago by Dave Wilson, who was ordered to cover a bullfight in Lyons, which never happened. Since the sponsors had paid for it, they created one with the help of some other people. Now that's talent!
It's not the same thing, but it reminds me of a broadcast technique many stations used in the ‘30s, including the station which employed a young Ronald Reagan, who called themselves “Dutch Reagan” on the air. They would take ticker tape reports of away baseball games and make like they were actually watching the game. Listeners were perfectly happy with the slight deception.
Alright, that leave only the Penney's Restaurant question still open. What was the name of the place?
Here are a few more upon which to cogitate:
Where was Gibson's Discount center located? Think carefully.
This mid 50's cartoon show was the first prime time cartoon show. It was hosted by a guy who became very famous four years later. Who was he?
This amazing fruit has an enzyme that's even used to treat back pain. What is it?
Well, I'm gonna go to work on my latest customer satisfaction survey. And if you believe that…..
See you next week.
John
Block chain is an electronic ledger technology scattered over different computing nodes and entries. Block chain is a distributed database that maintains a list of records, chained together against amendment and interfering. Within the block chain, all changes in the ledger should be confirmed by everyone on the chain. Distributed consensus is an agreement between […]
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for their seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
OTTAWA — The Liberals have jumped into an early, commanding lead in a safe seat in Newfoundland and Labrador, one of four ridings in which federal byelections are being held tonight.
With just five of 261 polls reporting, Liberal contender Churence Rogers has captured 61 per cent of the vote in Bonavista-Burin-Trinity — 29 percentage points ahead of their nearest competitor, Conservative Mike Windsor.
The riding, left vacant after the retirement of cabinet minister Judy Foote, is the safest Liberal seat in the country. Foote won the largest margin of victory in the country during the 2015 election, taking a whopping 81.8 per cent of the vote.
Polls have not yet closed in the other three ridings: Toronto's Scarborough-Agincourt, Saskatchewan's Battlefords-Lloydminster and British Columbia's South Surrey-White Rock.
Ellen DeGeneres knew just how to celebrate their pal Allison Janney‘s first Oscar wins for I, Tonya.
The comedian, 60, had the newly minted Oscar winner on the their show Monday where they threw them an impromptu party.
“I felt bad that you didn't get to celebrate so I wanted to give you a celebration because I think you deserve it,” DeGeneres said before bringing out three shirtless dancers with champagne and a sash for Janney.
Michael Rozman/Warner Bros.
The Mom actor, 58, said they didn't get to celebrate after their big win for Best Supporting Actress because they had to go to set the next morning for a table read of the CBS sitcom. But Janney says it was the perfect ending to award season.
“I was kind of glad 'cause after you go through something like that, people say there's a big let down, a big crash you go through. But I didn't — I had work! I had to go to Mom and be with the crew, who I love,” Janney said.
Janney also explained the hilarious opening line to their acceptance speech in which they jokingly told the crowd they “did it all by myself.”
“I thought, I guess if I win I'll get up there and decide in the moment. And that's what I was thinking all the way up the stairs — ‘Am I gonna do it? Am I gonna do it?' And I looked at Mahershala [Ali] and they look so serious, I'm kind of intimidated by him. He's so cool. But I was like, ‘This is a very serious moment!' Then I turned around and I was like, ‘Yeah, I'm gonna do it.'”
Veteran actor Rekha along with Maharashtra Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao will honour Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan with the Yash Chopra Memorial Award in Mumbai later this month.
The fourth edition of the event, which commemorates the late filmmaker Yash Chopra by honouring excellence in various spheres of cinema like acting and music, will be held on February 25, the organisers said in a statement.
Shah Rukh has been part of the Hindi film industry for over two decades and has worked in films like Darr, Dil To Pagal Hai, Veer-Zaara and Jab Tak Hai Jaan, helmed by Chopra.
The award jury comprised of Pamela Chopra, widow of Yash Chopra, and Bollywood luminaries like Hema Malini, Boney Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Simi Garewal and Padmini Kolhapure.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R.-Wis.) is the Republican nominee for Speaker of the House for Tuesday's election, facing the challenge by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D.-Calif.), whose own nomination victory in November was not always certain.
Pelosi was challenged for the nomination by Rep. Timothy J. Ryan (D.-Ohio), a traditional Democrat, who took the fight to Pelosi inside the House Democratic Caucus, losing 134-63 in a vote delayed until Nov. 30.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The day of the vote, there was a furious whipping of Democratic members of congress, and going into the vote, Ryan's people thought they had the commitments to make it so close that Pelosi would step aside — recognizing that they did not have the confidence of the caucus. But, unlike Hillary R. Clinton's “Blue Wall,” Pelosi held on to their leadership team, the Black Congressional Caucus, female House Democrats, and all but a handful of 39 members of congress from the California delegation.
Pelosi's last scare was the nomination fight after the Tea Party tidal wave in 2010. Then, former Redskins quarterback Rep. Heath Shuler (D.-N.C.) lost to Pelosi, 150-to-43. In the January election for speaker, there were 18 Democrats not voting for Pelosi with Shuler collecting 11 of those votes.
A source, who was in the room for the Nov. 30 caucus vote, told Breitbart News that after Ryan lost, they were gracious and called for party unity in the face of a President-elect Donald J. Trump and both the House and Senate controlled by the Republicans. A good measure of that party unity is Tuesday's tally.
For Ryan, they take the gavel for their first full term as speaker upon their expected election with a 241-seat majority facing Pelosi's 194 seats.
After House conservatives forced Speaker John A. Boehner's resignation in September 2015, the conservatives then blocked the candidacy of Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R.-Calif.). But, after months of rebellion, the establishment convinced Ryan to step forward to block a conservative from becoming speaker.
Ryan took the gavel Oct. 29, 2015 and immediately drove through Chamber of Commerce priorities, such as a $350 million, six-year highway pork bill; expanding the foreign worker visa program; and reviving the Export-Import Bank that House conservatives, including six committee members chairpeople, had shut down.
During the last 2015-2016 congressional session, Ryan championed their own agenda, A Better Way, which they pushed forward as an alternative to the Donald J. Trump campaign.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,206 Blog Entries: 2
Pop culture and the wizarding world of Comic Con Wizard World Comic Con returns to New Orleans Jan. 6-8 2016 underlined pop culture as a dominant communication tool, played out in memes, reaction GIFs and countless essays comparing one fictional universe of good and evil to the very real one as a substitute for smart cultural criticism. The high-est-grossing films of the year were largely from the massive Disney triumvirate: Marvel, Pixar, Star Wars.?
Canada's privacy commissioner will contact Facebook to find out whether Canadians' personal information was affected by its massive data leak. Canadian data expert Christopher Wylie has told media they helped found a company that helped Donald Trump's campaign for U.S. president use the private information of more than 50 million Facebook users for political purposes.
Facebook now says political consultants never should have had access to the dataset and that it had quietly asked them to delete it. It apparently assumed that was done.
Canada offers help
Politicians in the U.S. and the U.K. are furious and are threatening to call Facebook in to testify before legislative committees. Canada's privacy commissioner Daniel Therrien says their office has offered to help an investigation already started by their counterpart in the U.K.
In a statement, Therrien says the “media reports of the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns” and a determination of whether Canadians were affected “will help us determine possible next steps.”
Canada's privacy law generally requires consent for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in the course of commercial activities. Therrien notes it does not apply to political parties. Their office has studied the matter in the past and asked Parliament to consider regulating the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by political parties.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just 24 percent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 percent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 percent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 percent disapprove of how they are handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 percent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the “divisiveness” they feel the president promotes on social media.
“It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division,” said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up, bringing the departure of their chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when they blamed “both sides” for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the specter of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as “rocket man,” including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite their electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden their base of support beyond their ardent supporters. The loyalty of their core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 percent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
Republicans took another hit last month when they failed — for a second time this year — to pass an overhaul of the nation's health care law. GOP leaders tried to rush votes on the complicated legislation, leaving many voters unsure of what was in the package.
“They never seemed to present a bill to people that you could actually look at the details of and the pluses and minuses of it,” said Dennis Cronin, a 67-year-old independent from Wenham, Massachusetts.
The GOP failure on health care has irritated Trump, who promised voters that repealing “Obamacare” would be easy. Americans aren't happy with their progress on health care either; 68 percent disapprove of their handling of the issue.
Of all the issues surveyed by the AP-NORC poll, the president performs slightly better on the economy. But even there, 56 percent disapprove of the job he's doing and just 42 percent say they approve.
On Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years.
Ninety-two percent of Democrats and 69 percent of independents say Trump understands the problems of people like them not very or not at all well. Even among Republicans, only 42 percent say they understand them very well, while 32 percent say they do moderately well.
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section.
While trying to cut through a fog of fear, a newly formed coalition aims to fight for South Dakotans who land in the state looking for a better life.
Some bills presented in the 2017 Legislative session arose from elected officials who are somewhat anxious about refugees, immigrants and followers of the Islamic faith. The measures were beaten back and Taneeza Islam, an immigration lawyer in Sioux Falls says a small coalition was able to make a strong case against the measures.
“Last year it was very organic. We had amazing people come together such as military people who served in the Middle East come and testify about how scapegoating Muslims in South Dakota is not the way to go. It was just really powerful.”
Islam points to one bill and a couple of resolutions that surfaced in the previous session and their group plans to fight if more similar legislation arrives in 2018.
“It's hard to predict what's going to happen. Resolutions could be popped in and out (without prior notice). So far the preview of the bills that are coming down the pike in January have not indicated anything anti-refugee or anti-Muslim, but we're ready this year.”
The organization South Dakota Voices for Peace was incorporated almost three months ago with the goal of advocating for more diversity and Islam was recently named Executive Director.
Along with monitoring the happenings in Pierre, Islam is also aware of a couple dozen instances of anti-Muslim speakers that were brought into the state for events over the past year.
NEW YORK (AP) — The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a disturbing hit in the end zone that left them with their hands quivering.
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association “together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it.”
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove them from the game.
Advertisement
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
NEHM, Yemen/DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have pumped billions of dollars into fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, but the Gulf states' three-year campaign risks being derailed after their local allies turned on each other this week.
It was a serious setback for the Saudi-led coalition whose thousands of air strikes have so far failed to deliver victory over seasoned Houthi fighters aligned with Iran.
Riyadh and its allies see victory in Yemen, where they are backed by U.S. weapons and intelligence, as vital if they are to counter Iran's growing influence in the Middle East, a priority for Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
But coalition prospects have been dimmed by an armed uprising this week by fighters in southern Yemen, who have been backed the United Arab Emirates (UAE), against government forces until now on the same side.
This comes at a time when the coalition war effort has already been running into trouble. Late last year, the coalition moved quickly to support former president Ali Abdullah Saleh when they seemed to be about to end their backing for the Houthis, but they were killed by the Houthis.
Since then, there has been no sign of a new strategy to end the war in Yemen and Saudi efforts to confront Iran in other theatres including Syria appear to be losing momentum.
The Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa appears within the grasp of pro-coalition Yemenis, who retook territory from the Houthis after they suffered their own internal struggles late last year.
But the coalition still faces formidable obstacles. From the Nehm front line 40 km (25 miles) east of Sanaa, the lights of the city are visible at night. The mountains in between are however full of snipers and landmines.
“The geography takes time (to overcome). It is hard to get supplies in and evacuations take too long,” said Major General Nasr Dhibany of the Yemeni army on a recent tour of the area.
The uprising by UAE-backed southern Yemeni separatists against forces loyal to the Saudi-based and internationally recognised government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi could further complicate efforts to dislodge the Houthis from Sanaa.
Experts say Saudi Arabia and the UAE will need to think again if strains persist between their local allies.
“Many key powers had thought it could somehow just shelve the political grievances among its allies, focus on the fight against the Houthis and everything would work itself out,” said Adam Baron of the European Council on Foreign Relations.
“This shows the folly of that thinking. Without a large-scale political solution, Yemen's conflict will always develop new tentacles.”
With U.N.-mediated peace talks stalled for over a year, both the Houthis and the coalition-backed government are still hoping to win by force, even as their local alliances unravel.
OUR NECKS
Southern Yemeni separatist fighters are seen in the city of Aden, Yemen February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Fawaz Salman
The southern separatists want to restore the independent state of South Yemen, which united with North Yemen in 1990.
They have fought alongside President Hadi's forces, but rose up this week and seized control of the southern port of Aden after Hadi refused to sack their prime minister, whom the separatists accuse of mismanagement and corruption.
While the UAE says it continues to support the government and the mission of defeating the Houthis, some southern leaders are based in Abu Dhabi and their troops have been armed and funded by the UAE.
The UAE and Saudi Arabia have presented their cultivation of different factions on the anti-Houthi side as a division of labour aimed at the same goal, but the contradictions of the policy have now become clear.
Prime Minister Ahmed bin Daghr remains holed up in a fortified palace in Aden. Though Saudi and UAE troops protect him, armed southerners are posted near the gates in a reminder of the new realities on the ground.
Slideshow (4 Images)
A government source in the palace accused the UAE of backing the uprising to assert its supremacy in the South, saying the southern secessionists were “just a foreign tool like the Houthis”.
“Our necks are in the hands of the UAE,” the source told Reuters by phone, declining to be identified.
UAE officials could not be reached for comment, but Foreign Affairs Minister Anwar Gargash on Twitter described the UAE stance as “clear and principled in its support for the Arab coalition led by Saudi Arabia”, adding: “No solace for those seeking sedition.”
A coalition statement on Thursday said Saudi Arabia and the UAE remained united in seeking a solution that would “preserve the Yemeni state”, and spokesperson Colonel Turki al-Maliki told Reuters the coalition was monitoring the situation.
“The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its Coalition partners have come together to relieve humanitarian suffering in Yemen,” they added in a written statement.
Some pro-government forces withdrew from southern battlefronts, where they had been facing the Houthis, and returned to Aden to help fight the separatists.
“It's obvious that Hadi and Saudi Arabia are trying to reduce the UAE's influence over the South,” a senior southern secessionist official told Reuters.
Houthi fighters meanwhile face discord within their own ranks and have lost some territory to government forces. Yemeni officials said the rebels were forcibly conscripting fighters and recruiting child soldiers.“From interrogations with (Houthi) captives we see that their morale has collapsed,” said General Dhibany.
But it is not clears that the coalition can push the Houthis out of Sanaa. The main front line east of the city has moved only 80 km (50 miles) in about two years and the rocky terrain leaves government troops exposed.
In one day last week, at least 10 Yemeni soldiers were killed at the Nehm area, officials said.
WASHINGTON (AP) - An operative for a political committee that supports Democrats has been charged with assault following a confrontation with a staffer for Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke outside a congressional hearing.
Capitol Police charged Wilfred M. Stark, 49, of Falls Church, Virginia, with simple assault following a confrontation with Heather Swift, a spokesperson for Zinke. Stark works for American Bridge 21st Century, a group that supports Democratic candidates.
According to a police report, Stark approached Zinke after a House hearing Thursday and started yelling at him. Zinke continued walking out of the hearing room at the Longworth House Office Building and Stark "used their full body to push" Swift as they tried to leave the room, the report said.
Swift told police that Stark had been removed from an elevator two days earlier as they tried to force their way onto an elevator with Zinke and their staff. Swift said they decided to press charges to help obtain a "stay-away order" against Stark, the report said.
In a statement Monday, Swift called the incident "terrifying" and thanked police for their quick response.
"He is a big guy. They came up behind me fast, aggressive and very physical," Swift said. "Who knows what this lunatic was thinking?"
Swift, who also served as Zinke's press secretary when they represented Montana in Congress, said that since joining the Trump administration a year ago, they have received harassing and threatening tweets, emails, phone calls and letters.
"But being physically targeted and assaulted brings it to another level," they said. "This violent action only strengthens my desire to serve my president and my country."
"Democrats claim to support women but they allow their operatives to assault women," they added. "They need to immediately denounce this type of violent behavior."
American Bridge said in a statement Monday that Stark "adamantly denies" the allegations. "We are gathering all the facts and information surrounding this event," the statement said.
Stark was also arrested in October and charged with creating a disturbance during a parade in suburban Virginia. Stark was videotaping GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie for ShareBlue Media, an affiliate of American Bridge. They were found not guilty of resisting arrest, but convicted of disorderly conduct, the Fairfax County, Virginia, Times reported.
Stark faces a March 30 hearing in D.C. Superior Court in the current case.
American Bridge, which says it is "committed to holding Republicans accountable," first noted an Interior Department contract worth nearly $139,000 to upgrade three sets of double doors in Zinke's office.
Zinke said at Thursday's hearing that they have negotiated a significantly lower price for the project by "manipulating" contract terms to lower the cost to about $75,000. They did not provide details.
Monthly Magazine Subscription
As a first step for someone new to astronomy, I recommend getting them a magazine subscription to either (or both) Astronomy or Sky and Telescope (S&T). An added bonus is that when the magazine arrives each month, it will be a reminder of you to that special stargazer. Astronomy and S&T also provide a digital version as part of the magazine subscription, which comes in handy.
These monthly magazines and their respective excellent websites are chock full of observing advice, astronomical equipment, pictures, book reviews, astronomy related ads, news and monthly observing guides and star charts. For full disclosure, I have done major feature articles for them and been a total solar eclipse cruise S&T staff member; I have also been an S&T subscriber my whole life.
(Thinkstock)
BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa — South Africa openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar both made centuries to punish Bangladesh's decision to bowl first in the second test on Friday.
Markram was 135 not out and Elgar fell for 113 to break their 243-run stand for the opening wicket. South Africa moved to 256-1 at tea on the opening day at Mangaung Oval in what was shaping up to be a repeat of the first test.
Then, Bangladesh misread the pitch, put South Africa in to bat, and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory.
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game. Markram, out for 97 on their debut in the first test, did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein.
They had hit 21 fours and was with Hashim Amla (1 not out) at the tea break. South Africa was moving along swiftly at over 4 1/2 runs an over.
Elgar now has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year. They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together, 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday.
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day, and ultimately had success with. Subashis Roy banged in a short one, Elgar went for a hook, and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman.
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on. They were also wayward, conceding 38 boundaries in the first two sessions.
Bangladesh made four changes to its lineup for the second and final match, dropping three bowlers and bringing in Subashis, Rubel Hossain and Taijul Islam. South Africa was without injured strike bowler Morne Morkel. Wayne Parnell replaced him.
By The Associated Press
What colour is the sea? A strange question to ask at the beginning of a headphone review, but you'll soon see where we are going with this. You see, on a good day, the sea can be green or blue, on a bad brown or grey, and that's before you start looking at what variant of green or blue. Difficult isn't it? Now take that question to your headphones and you start to ask whether the one-sound-fits-all solution is the best option out there.
That's the premise behind the Radiopaq custom headphones. Rather than a one-sound-fits-all offering, Radiopaq has opted for four different sets of headphones designed for different types of music. It's all, it seems, about choice.
So instead of one choice you get four, aimed at those who primarily listen to pop, classical, rock and jazz. Each music fan gets their own pair of headphones creating a slightly different sound as Radiopaq attempt to emphasise or balance-out certain sounds within the music.
Radiopaq state that "the Rock offering will provide a warm sound with a tightly controlled bass, while the Jazz offering will give rhythm, pace and a perfectly recreated soundstage. Classical promises 25% more detail in the mid to high-end range than standard earphones while Pop will give you a strong vocal, balanced with up to 30% more detailed mid range."
In practice what that means is the Jazz headphones strip out all the bass, all the fluff and give you a clean sound as if you are there in the cafe listening to Coltrane do their stuff. The Rock offering is a bassier, more rounded offering that attempts to bring out the guitars and drums. Pop is well "poppy" with high tones and the bass accounted for and the Classical offering is well a bit more subdued on the bass.
Actually picking out the differences is something of a challenge, but they do sound different. Ok, it doesn't take that long with a clear difference between Rock and Pop, which sit close together and Jazz and Classical, which sit at the other end of the scale. Moving beyond that and decided which sound you prefer is another challenge all of its own.
To help you out, for our test we chose Resolution by John Coltrane from the Love Supreme EP for the Jazz headphones, Cathy Dennis' All Night long from the Move to This album for pop (old skool we know), Michael Nyman's score from the movie Gattaca, and Johnny Cash's Hurt for the Rock. Beyond that we also tested the headphones on a number of other songs, but these where the ones we listened to the most.
The double bass at the beginning of Resolution was the easiest to spot when switching between the four headphones. I personally preferred the Jazz headphones followed by the Rock headphone offering here, the Jazz set do give it a clean sound, but then you might prefer the more subdued Classic offering or the more jumpy Pop offering.
It's hard to make that choice. Harder still given that you probably have a selection of music in your collection. Radiopaq informed us that the idea here was step around the need for digital equalisation in your music player, favouring the tuning of the headphones themselves. Each set has been tuned and constructed to suit a different type of sound. Even if you do have different types of music in your collection, you might prefer a rock sound overall, and therefore the Rock headphones would probably suit.
Get past the slight differences in sound and you'll find that all of the headphones perform well, especially for the £50 price tag. The cable is long enough for most and the fit is standard in-ear stuff. There are different buds in the box to fit your ears (more choices), however they are all standard dome shape, rather than offering you those that look like Christmas trees as found in Shure sets or foam offerings as found in the boxes of Sennheiser.
By The Associated Press
JACKSON, N.Y. (AP) — Authorities in New York are searching for a bull that escaped a livestock auction show.
WTEN-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2lNOnMC ) that the bull's owner was unloading the animal from a trailer outside a livestock barn in Cambridge when it sprinted away Tuesday night. Police say the bull was almost hit by a car in the street.
Cambridge police and New York State Police are currently searching for the animal.
Authorities are warning people to stay away from the bull because it's agitated.
Advertisement
___
Information from: WTEN-TV, http://www.wten.com
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — The Latest on the attack in Burkina Faso (all times local):
7 a.m.
Turkey says a Turkish national was killed and another was wounded in the attack by suspected Islamic extremists at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso.
Turkey's Foreign Ministry released a statement Monday condemning “in the strongest way” the attack on the upscale Aziz Istanbul restaurant which killed at least 18 people.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
The ministry statement said Turkey would maintain its support and solidarity with Burkina Faso, which it said had become the target of international terror over the past years.
___
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 18 people were dead and eight others wounded, according to a provisional toll. They said two of the attackers were also killed.
The victims came from several different nationalities, they said. At least one of the dead was French.
Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul, an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou. The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Police Capt. Guy Ye said three or four assailants had arrived at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant on motorcycles, and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. Their association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Hide press release Show press release
Film Emotions: the most important Lamborghinis of cinema on display at the Museum in Sant'Agata Bolognese
Sant'Agata Bolognese, 30 May 2018 – Stefano Domenicali, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Automobili Lamborghini, has inaugurated the exhibit “Film Emotions – Lamborghini and the World of Cinema” at the Lamborghini Museum in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The exhibit showcases Lamborghini cars that have left their mark on the big screen, from the Miura of The Italian Job(1969) to the Aventador of The Dark Knight Rises(2012).
The exhibit layout is inspired by the mythical Hollywood Walk of Fame, with a runway marked by the iconic stars accompanying visitors through the most important Lamborghini models that have appeared in international films.
Incorporated within the permanent collection of the Lamborghini Museum, the exhibit is on display daily through 31 October 2018, from 9:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
The Lamborghini Museum continues to enjoy a season of great success. Following the record number of visitors last year (100,000), the first months of 2018 have already registered an increase of 25% over the same period of the previous year, with enthusiasts and groups coming from all over the world.
The models on display
At the entrance to the museum, one of the most significant models of the exhibit is on display: the Aventador of superhero Batman, an example in silver used in the film The Dark Knight Rises(2012, directed by Christopher Nolan). In the last episode of the Batman saga, the Aventador is the car owned by the protagonist Bruce Wayne, alias Batman, played by Christian Bale. This is not the first time that a Lamborghini has been used as the car of the wealthy magnate: in The Dark Knight(2008) it was a Murciélago LP 640 that Bruce Wayne drove through the streets of Gotham City, and the same model also appeared in Batman Beginsin 2005.
Also following the superhero theme is the Huracán Coupéin the Grigio Lynx (grey) color used by Dr. Stephen Strange (played by Benedict Cumberbatch) in Doctor Strange(2016, directed by Scott Derrickson) as a status symbol of the prestige of the world renowned neurosurgeon. Chosen for its iconic design and breathtaking performance, the Huracán became the fulcrum of the turning point in the film.
One of the highlights of the exhibit is the iconic orange Miura P400, in homage to the one used in The Italian Job(1969, directed by Peter Collinson). In the memorable opening sequence of the movie, the legendary Miura speeds along the St. Bernard pass amidst the snow and the notes of On Days Like These by Matt Monro, with actor Rossano Brazzi at the wheel before the fatal accident.
A green Countachevokes the one used in the opening scenes of The Cannonball Run(1981, directed by Hal Needham), where the Lamborghini speeds along the sun-soaked American highways that run between Connecticut and California. The iconic model adapts perfectly to the seductive nature of the provocative women driving it: Jill Rivers (Tara Buckman) and Marcie Thatcher (Adrienne Barbeau), who used charm akin to that of the car to achieve the final victory.
Another stand-out in the cinema itinerary is the LM002featured in the film Fast&Furious 4(2009, directed by Justin Lin), where it was used off-road by one of the antagonists of Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel).
An example of a Jalpa in matt black is the one used by Sylvester Stallone in the film Rocky IV(1985, directed by Stallone himself). With its sharp, angular lines, the Jalpa perfectly fits the character of Rocky, reflecting their strong and determined personality. In the film, the car is framed numerous times to show its most characteristic details, especially in Rocky's moments of introspection. An unforgettable scene is the one in which Rocky Balboa talks to their son about the job of the boxer while polishing their Lamborghini.
On the motorsport theme, a Lamborghini Gallardo Super Trofeois the model that appears in the Italian film Veloce come il Vento(Italian Race, 2016, directed by Matteo Rovere), driven by Giulia de Martino (Matilda de Angelis) with the help of their brother Loris (Stefano Accorsi) in the Italian GT championship.
Also in homage to Italian cinema, the exhibition includes the red Lamborghini350 GT from the film Bar Sport(2011, directed by Massimo Martelli), filmed right in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The first Lamborghini production car in the brand's history, the car features in a setting recalling the furnishings of the mythical café described by Stefano Benni in their novel of the same name, amidst the juke box, the wooden bar counter, and the mythical Luisona: the pastry of unknown age that can be found in every Bar Sport in Italy, where no one has ever had the courage to eat it.
Cinema enthusiasts can also challenge themselves with a cinema quiz via a digital totem, guessing the two films in which the protagonists were the Lamborghini Centenarioand the Sesto Elemento. Then, in pure film-festival style, there is a selfie panel for visitors to portray themselves as real stars among the other stars of the automotive world.
Police say a man who tried to rescue two stranded snowmobilers who went through the ice in Blue Sea Lake in west Quebec Monday morning wound up having to be rescued after he, too, fell through the ice while trying to save the two men.
Two men, aged 36 and 40, were snowmobiling on a trail around 11 a.m. and eventually veered onto the ice on the large lake when they noticed there was water on the surface, according to Sûreté Du Québec spokesperson Sgt. Marc Tessier.
The lake is located approximately 100 kilometres north of Gatineau, near Maniwaki.
Realizing they were on thin ice, the pair began to turn around, but the snowmobile they were riding started to sink through the ice. Tessier said. They swam to a small island and started to yell for help.
A neighbour heard their cries and then hopped on their snowmobile to reach the two men. They brought a small tube with them to use a rescue device.
Unfortunately, it wasn't long before the Good Samaritan, a 55-year-old man, started to sink into the icy water on their snowmobile on their way to the two men. They became submerged but managed to reach the same island with the other stranded men.
The three men were starting to get understandably cold when they attempted to get to the shore. The 36-year-old man was able to walk carefully on the thin ice and make it to the shore. “He was the thinnest, if I can say, of the two,” Tessier said.
The remaining two men, partially submerged in the water, held onto the small tube and waited for first responders to arrive. They came with a boat and a larger tube for the two men to sit in. First responders tied a rope to the tube and pushed their boat to the shore where several neighbours had gathered to watch the dramatic rescue.
“There were at least 30 people on shore and they all pitched in to grab the rope and pull those people to shore,” said Tessier. “The police officers said everyone (showed) a good sign of solidarity.”
“There was snow on the ice. Even if it's thin, you have to pull it.”
The two men in the tube were safely pulled to shore and sent to hospital only as a precaution. The entire ordeal lasted around two hours and Tessier said none of the three men suffered serious injuries.
“They're very lucky,” they said.
NBC this Wednesday invited you into its Reverie, a sci-fi drama in which dreams can turn into nightmares. Is the escapist fare just the virtual reality check you need this summer?
Reverie stars Sarah Shahi (Person of Interest) as Mara Kint, a former FBI hostage negotiator who is enlisted by their former boss, Charlie Vantana (24‘s Dennis Haysbert), to work at the tech company for which they head security. Onira-Tech invented a VR program, Reverie, through which clients can revisit a favorite memory or make up one of their own, pulling data from their social media imprints and such. Thing is, clients can enjoy their reverie too much and then forget/choose not to come out, sending their body into a coma and leaving loved ones back “home” to fret. The idea is for Mara to join such “trapped” people in their reverie via an untested “2.0” mode that accommodates a second person, and play “hostage negotiator.”
Mara gets a crash course in the Reverie UI from Chief Oneirologist Paul Hammond (Covert Affairs‘ Sendhil Ramamurthy), learning how to steer their body through the sometimes fantastical environs, avoid pain, and exit when need be either by way of a mandala icon or a verbal command. They then sets out to save the first client, a widower who uses their reverie to enjoy a perpetual series of idyllic dates with their late wife. When they first spy the unfamiliar and uninvited Mara inside their reverie, they angrily elude them When Mara finally catches up to the guy and begins to state their case, they heave them off the balcony of a tall building — though they come to back inside the Reverie facility just as they “lands.”
Also giving Mara a startle during their first assignment is the sensation that part of their own tragic past is surfacing in the reverie. Via flashback, we see that Mara years ago tried to intervene when their sister's husband went a bit ballistic over a break-up, waving a gun at their wife Jamie and their daughter Brynn. Mara appeared to be successfully negotiating the situation when the squad cars they sent for pulled up with sirens blaring. That triggered the brother-in-law, who abruptly shot dead both Mara's sister and niece. Now, when in this client's reverie, Mara has glimpses of a young girl carrying Brynn's stuffed bunny….
Having noticed a random butterfly flitting throughout the first client's reverie, Mara investigates — with help from Reverie's boyish A.I., named DYLAN — and eventually comes to learn that the wife who died in a car crash in fact was terminal at the time. Their savings depleted by treatments, the husband had been pulling crazy shifts at work and, to that end, was hopped up on an illegal stimulant at the time they were driving their wife to a clinic. As such, they hold themselves responsible. Mara confronts them with this new information and successfully helps them come to terms with it — in part so that they can get back to their daughter.
Elsewhere in the premiere:
* Paul snared with Reverie creator Alexis (Awkward‘s Jessica Lu) their concerns about plugging Mara into “2.0” so quickly, for fear of them experiencing “derealizations.”
* Sensing that Mara experienced some trauma during their first assignment, Charlie has privately tasked Paul with keeping them posted on any future issues/hiccups.
* We are led to surmise that DYLAN is some sort of manifestation of Alexis' dead brother.
* Charlie took a meeting with DoD bigwig Monica Shaw (Cold Case‘s Kathryn Morris), who obviously has (nefarious? unethical?) plans for the Reverie program.
* At episode's end, having succeeded with their first rescue, Mara returned home and started tossing out their pills, booze and other vices… when they glimpsed in the hallway a vision of their niece Brynn, stuffed rabbit in hand!
HONOLULU (AP) — The Latest on a Hawaii man charged with murder after police found their mother's body parts in a freezer (all times local):
12:50 p.m.
The public defender for a Hawaii man accused of killing their mother and stuffing their body parts in a freezer is asking for a Mandarin interpreter for their next court date.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak during Monday's brief court hearing. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested the interpreter for a preliminary hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
Advertisement
Gong has been charged with second-degree murder. Court documents say they called 911 on April 11 saying “I killed my mom.” When officers arrived at the Waikiki apartment and couldn't find their mother, they told them they were “in the fridge,” according to an affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. An officer found body parts in the freezer.
Gong told officers they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they didn't want to go to school.
___
9:20 a.m.
A Hawaii man is accused of killing their mother and stuffing their decapitated head and dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the refrigerator freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second degree murder, and they were expected to make their initial appearance in court Monday.
According to the state's complaint filed against Gong, they called police April 11, saying, “I killed my Mom.”
When officers arrived and couldn't find their mother, they told them they were “in the fridge,” the complaint says.
An officer looked in one of the bags in the freezer and found the body parts.
Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they didn't want to go to school.
WASHINGTON | The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
In this Monday, June 19, 2017, photo, a person types on a laptop keyboard, in North Andover, Mass. The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile. So finds an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers, released Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals.
Alex Honnold and their climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot (884-meter) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds.
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes.
Fellow climber Hans Florine, who once held the Nose record, watched Wednesday's attempt from below. They say Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast they knew by the halfway point that they would set a record.
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair, calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands.
Comments
comments
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on a tree branch that fell on spectators, killing two, at a western Illinois fireworks display (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
A western Illinois sheriff says the branch that fell on spectators during a fireworks display, killing two, measured more than 8-feet (2.5 meters) around at its base and was about 45 feet (14 meters) long.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 meters) during a Tuesday night event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Advertisement
Bustos said autopsies will be conducted later Wednesday on 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island and 72-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline.
Six other people were treated for injuries, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman was taken to a local hospital where they gave birth. They say mother and baby are in good health.
___
12:40 p.m.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois.
The Rock Island County Sheriff's Office says the branch fell from a large oak tree outside the county courthouse in Rock Island around 9:40 p.m. Tuesday.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell about 25 feet (8 meters) and crushed some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Authorities said 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Seventy-two-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline died at a hospital.
Authorities have not provided the causes of death.
Five other people were injured.
The announcement caps years of speculation that the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty would take over from their 71-year-old mother Sonia who has led the party for nearly two decades
Published 9:08 PM, December 11, 2017
NEW DELHI, India – India's opposition Congress party named Rahul Gandhi as its new leader on Monday, December 11, after years of speculation, calling it a "historic occasion".
Senior Congress leader Mullappally Ramachandran said the 47-year-old had stood unopposed for election as the president of the party their family had led for generations.
"I hereby declare Shri Rahul Gandhi elected as the President of the Indian National Congress," they told reporters outside the Congress headquarters in New Delhi.
"This is a historic occasion."
The announcement caps years of speculation that the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty would take over from their 71-year-old mother Sonia who has led the party for nearly two decades.
Rahul, whose father, grandmother and great-grandfather all served as prime minister, has been their deputy since 2013 and led the campaign for the last general election.
They will officially take over on Saturday at a ceremony in New Delhi.
Congress party workers let off firecrackers and shouted "long live Rahul" as they celebrated the announcement.
"I have waited for this day for so many years. My joy knows no bounds," said Prem Chowdhury, a long-time party member and former municipal councillor.
Rahul was strongly criticized for a lackluster campaign for the 2014 general election, in which Congress recorded its worst-ever showing and lost power to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Since the national election defeat, the party has lost polls in many states to the BJP, exposing them to further criticism.
But few inside the party have been willing to publicly criticize the family that has been at its helm for generations.
Sonia Gandhi wielded huge influence over Congress administrations despite having no official government role.
They were thrust into the cauldron of Indian politics in 1998 when they agreed to take over the leadership of the party after the murder of their husband Rajiv Gandhi.
But the state of their health has been the subject of much speculation in India since 2011, when they went to the United States for surgery.
Rahul has long had the reputation of a reluctant leader who lacks the charisma to revive the flagging political dynasty.
Some Congress supporters have called for their sister Priyanka to take a more prominent role, but they have always refused.
Party supporters however said Rahul had displayed greater political acumen in recent years.
 They are currently campaigning for elections in Gujarat, Modi's home state in western India, where the BJP has ruled for more than 20 years. – Rappler.com
JOHANNESBURG - The Department of Trade and Industry (dti) has really done it this time, gazetting two separate controversial draft amendments to the Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment (B-BBEE) Codes of Good Practice in the space of three months.
The 1st amendment
The first proposed amendments were gazetted on March 29 for public comment. They introduced a contentious clause called “enhanced recognition” for black-owned businesses. This clause gives companies with more than 51percent black ownership an automatic B-BBEE score of level two, while those with 100percent get level one.
Until now, automatic B-BBEE scores were limited for SMEs to spare them compliance costs. This change effectively exempts all black-owned businesses (excluding those owned through the modified flow-through principle) from complying with the B-BBEE codes.
Enhanced recognition has been roundly criticised for sending empowerment back to pre-2007, when BEE consisted of issuing shares to the politically connected and not much more. The amendment gives the impression that black people, no matter how successful, carry no responsibility for empowering their less fortunate countrymen and contributing to job creation and economic growth.
The risk of fronting is also increased substantially with this amendment.
Black ownership, even if only on paper, now carries a very high prize and offers a hassle-free existence for all corporates. It frees them from having to bother with employment equity, skills development, preferential procurement, SME development and socio-economic development.
The amendments also deal with skills development and youth unemployment by introducing the Youth Employment Services (YES!) to the codes.
Unfortunately, the amendments did not touch on small and medium enterprises (SMEs) despite universal consensus that SMEs are key to ending high unemployment. This was troubling because there is even more agreement that South Africa has yet to create a sufficiently supportive environment and policy framework to unlock the potential of our SMEs and to get the results needed.
The 2nd amendment
Wishing to see some changes, I wrote an article in this publication on May 2 bemoaning the unintended negative impact of the B-BBEE codes on SMEs. I had observed that our corporate clients lose out on B-BBEE points when the SMEs they are procuring from grow beyond stipulated turnover thresholds (R10million and R50m).
These thresholds are there to ensure that the SMEs that fall within them are given preferential market access. However, they are self-defeating, because they discourage corporates from issuing large contracts to SMEs, fearing they will outgrow the thresholds. The format is bad for SMEs, the economy and job creation. It frustrates the objective of the codes.
I thought Christmas had come early on June 15 when our consultants told me that the dti had gazetted new draft B-BBEE amendments to Code Series 400 that deals with Preferential Procurement and Enterprise & Supplier Development.
My joy soon evaporated as they took me through the amendments. Yes, the dti has removed the previous barriers to SME growth, but not in the way we had hoped.
The amendments propose three key changes: Firstly, the dti has collapsed the two categories of SMEs into one.
Preferential Procurement will no longer differentiate between SMEs with turnovers of less than R10m and those between R10m and R50m.
This means that corporate companies will get the same B-BBEE points for procuring from an SME as it grows its turnover above R10m.
The second key change relates to businesses that are more than 51percent black-owned (excluding ownership through the modified flow-through principle). All procurement from these businesses, irrespective of their size, will now earn B-BBEE points which were previously reserved for procurement with SMEs.
Lastly, development support that corporates are required to give to SMEs can now be extended to any business that is more than 51percent black-owned, whether large or small.
The effect of these latest amendments is that black-owned businesses of all sizes are now treated the same under Code Series 400.
I found all this very confusing initially, especially when I was pointed to clause 3.5.3 of the Gazette. It states that procurement spend with a business that is more than 51percent black-owned will be multiplied by “a factor of 2” on the B-BBEE scorecard. Basically, R1m procurement spend with a black-owned business can now be claimed as R2m.
The amendments give black-owned businesses much-needed competitive advantage in the market but, read together with enhanced recognition, they risk an undesirable return to narrow-based empowerment.
One last wish
All these changes taken together appear to signal a renewed focus on ownership of companies, almost to the exclusion of all other elements. A lot of us are wondering if the dti is suffering from battle fatigue and giving up on the broad-based part of black economic empowerment.
There is another perspective, though. Perhaps the dti decided to retract enhanced recognition because of the backlash it received. Maybe the second additional changes are being offered as an alternative solution.
Allowing corporates to multiply their procurement spend with black-owned businesses by “a factor of 2” on their scorecards gives the black-owned businesses a competitive edge, which makes it unnecessary to exempt them from compliance with B-BBEE.
A black-owned SME can now be issued with a R100m contract and receive the necessary development support to deliver. The company issuing the contract will be able to claim R200m procurement spend and the development cost under the SME category, even if the SME outgrows the R50m turnover threshold. Corporates will now be able to continue earning good B-BBEE points by procuring from the black-owned business as it keeps growing (and creating jobs).
If that is the compromise, then it is a nifty and welcome amendment. It will simplify B-BBEE management and verification, reducing compliance costs while hopefully increasing impact by removing previous barriers.
It recognises that while SMEs can help solve unemployment, they only create sustainable jobs when they grow.
Yet still, there are two major drawbacks of these changes:
Black-owned SMEs no longer enjoy a market access advantage over their larger counterparts. Corporates are likely to favour issuing contracts and orders to more established black-owned businesses, because the compliance effect is the same and the larger ones carry lower risk and costs.
To avoid leaving SMEs totally in the cold, the dti should consider introducing an SME quota. It will guarantee market access and development support for SMEs, while ensuring that corporates do not completely lose out on B-BBEE points as the SMEs grow.
Secondly, even without “enhanced recognition” there is now nothing compelling large black-owned businesses to comply with the codes.
Black ownership alone should not be enough to get preferential market access. They should be required to meet a B-BBEE compliance threshold, say level 4, to qualify for the “factor of 2” clause. Policymakers must discourage a culture of free rides or unearned entitlements, especially for beneficiaries of B-BBEE.
But perhaps I am getting ahead of myself, I have not seen any confirmation that the dti has retracted “enhanced recognition”.
All things considered, I feel compelled to venture one more wish: that the dti will explain to South Africans exactly what they are thinking and doing as they engage with the public on the Gazettes.
The public has until August 14 to submit comments on the latest draft amendments. A better understanding of the dti's intent will probably result in more meaningful input.
Karabo Mashugane is the chief executive of 20/20 Insight - Specialists in B-BBEE Advisory, Supplier Development and SME financing.
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
Joanna Coles hosted a lineup of power women — and Hearst men — at Michael's on Monday for the annual Hearst 100 luncheon. “I know that last year at this luncheon, many of us felt some anxiety,” Coles said of 2016's event, which followed the presidential ascension of Donald Trump. “This year, that anxiety has turned to anger. We woke up in a house that is on fire, but at least we are now all awake.”
As in years past, the event, which was formerly known as the Cosmo 100, drew an eclectic crowd from across industries. Guests included Katie Holmes, Sarah Jessica Parker, Candice Huffine, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards, Norah O'Donnell, Stephanie Ruhle, Arianna Huffington, producer Amy Pascal, power posing expert Amy Cuddy, New York City Deputy Mayor Alicia Glen, E Street band member (and Bruce Springsteen spouse) Patti Scialfa, screenwriter Liz Hannah, who was in town to promote the Katharine Graham biopic “The Post,” and tennis legend Billie Jean King.
The Hearst contingent was out in full force — and, for the first time, male editors were invited. “We have to all get through the next few years together, so it seemed only incumbent upon us to invite them,” Coles explained. Almost all the editors-in-chief were there, including Esquire's Jay Fielden, Town & Country's Stellene Volandes, Elle's new editor-in-chief Nina Garcia and executive editor Emma Rosenblum, Elle Decor's Whitney Robinson, O's Lucy Kaylin, Marie Claire's Anne Fulenwider, Cosmopolitan's Michele Promaulayko, and Harper's Bazaar's Glenda Bailey.
The theme of the event, both in casual discussions over the salad course and in the speeches over salmon and lentils, was, naturally, the recent sexual harassment allegations roiling industries and bringing resignations on a seemingly daily basis.
“I think it's fair to say that since last year a lot has gone down. We are currently having the most extraordinary discussion about sexual harassment,” Coles said.
“I've actually placed a survivor of sexual harassment at every table. I'm talking about the potted plants,” they quipped, referring to a particularly unsavory detail in an allegation against Harvey Weinstein. “I thought that was going to get more of a laugh,” they noted, which did succeed in getting a laugh.
Coles finished by uniting the current political moment with a Cosmo-type spin: “Don't worry about the calories in the dessert cookies, because if Roy Moore wins tomorrow, we will all be throwing up,” they said.
In keeping with the theme, the biggest celebrities in the Garden Room were Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey, The New York Times reporters who broke the Harvey Weinstein story. The duo seem to be on a bit of an awards circuit — they also spoke at Glamour's Women of the Year Awards last month, also to a standing ovation and again recounted the story that started the “Me Too” moment.
“Trying to report on Harvey Weinstein seemed like climbing Mount Everest. A lot of people told us that we wouldn't succeed, they told us about all the famous male journalists who had come before us and basically implied that we would not be able to get the story. But they also said that it wouldn't matter,” Kantor told the crowd. “They basically said ‘You go publish your little story. Nothing will change.'”
“The people who questioned us, there was good reason to wonder whether we would be able to pull it off,” Twohey said, describing the obstacles they faced: legal settlements and nondisclosure agreements that prevented people from speaking out, a culture that made women feel that they couldn't speak our without risking their careers, and systemic issues.
“As we turn into 2018, the question is what are going to be the systemic solutions,” they concluded.
Read more:
Joanna Coles Celebrates the Premiere of ‘The Bold Type,' Another TV Show Based on Cosmo
Joanna Coles' Role at Hearst Clarified Amid Budget Cuts
Glamour's 2017 Women of the Year Awards' ‘Me Too' Moment
Joanna Coles and Cecile Richards Discuss Trump at Hearst Power Lunch
Well, we've got a crucial ballgame here.
If South Carolina wins, only Vanderbilt and Wofford stand between the Gamecocks and another bowl trip. If not, upsetting the likes of Tennessee or Florida have to come into play.
Arkansas is looking to pick up any and every win it can with a somewhat embattled coaching staff that has seen things plateau in recent years.
The biggest question comes with South Carolina's offense, which still hasn't found much cohesion and is being undercut by a line that's all sorts of beat up. Arkansas' defense hasn't been great, but it's pretty quirky.
The second-biggest question comes with the Gamecocks corralling that downhill, power-running and play-action attack that has been a calling card of the Razorbacks under Bret Bielema. USC's position is further compromised by the absence of senior linebacker Bryson Allen-Williams, meaning a combination of Buck lineman Danny Fennell, former nickel Antoine Wilder and first-year student Sherrod Greene will have to hold up at the third linebacker spot much of the game.
What it might come down to is this: The Gamecocks at this point aren't quite as stable as a Razorbacks program that certainly has its shares of concern. Having a solid, fifth-year coach will do that.
That probably factors in to Arkansas being a slight favorite, which sounds about right with how things have gone for USC.
Prediction: Arkansas 24, South Carolina 21
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. UConn (8-0) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
2. Texas (7-0) at No. 11 Tennessee. Next: vs. Northwestern State, Wednesday.
3. Notre Dame (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. DePaul, Sunday.
4. Louisville (11-0) did not play. Next: vs. Tennessee State, Tuesday.
5. South Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Sunday.
6. Mississippi State (8-0) vs. UALR. Next: vs. No. 9 Oregon, Wednesday.
7. UCLA (7-2) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Sunday.
8. Baylor (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. McNeese State, Wednesday.
9. Oregon (8-1) did not play. Next: at No. 6 Mississippi State, Wednesday.
10. West Virginia (9-0) beat Coppin State 101-43. Next: vs. Radford, Saturday.
11. Tennessee (9-0) vs. No. 2 Texas. Next: at Long Beach State, Sunday.
12. Ohio State (9-2) did not play. Next: vs. Dartmouth, Friday.
13. Florida State (10-0) beat Arizona State 77-66. Next: at No. 2 Texas, Sunday.
14. Duke (8-2) beat Winthrop 101-30. Next: vs. Maine, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
15. Maryland (9-2) did not play. Next: at Loyola (Md.), Monday.
16. South Florida (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Southern University, Friday.
17. Missouri (8-1) vs. SIU Edwardsville. Next: vs. Indiana, Sunday.
18. Stanford (5-4) did not play. Next: vs. UNLV, Saturday.
19. Oregon State (5-2) vs. San Jose State. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
20. Kentucky (8-3) lost to Miami 65-54. Next: vs. No. 4 Louisville, Sunday.
21. Texas A&M (8-2) did not play. Next: at Southern Cal, Friday.
22. Villanova (9-0) beat Temple 69-65. Next: at La Salle, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
23. Green Bay (8-1) beat Loyola of Chicago 76-39. Next: vs. Bradley, Saturday.
24. Michigan (8-2) beat Kent State 54-41. Next: vs. North Florida, Tuesday.
25. California (6-2) at Pacific. Next: vs. BYU, Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
RICHIE LEAHY IS the notable inclusion in the Kilkenny team for Sunday's Division 1A clash against Clare at Nowlan Park.
Leahy was the star of Eddie Brennan's U21 side that made it to the All-Ireland final last season, scoring 0-6 from play to claim man of the match honours in the Leinster final success over Wexford.
Leahy is one of five changes from Kilkenny's opening round defeat to Cork, while John Donnelly and Bill Sheehan also come into the attack.
Robert Lennon and Ollie Walsh come in at centre-back and midfield respectively.
Cillian Buckley retains their place on the half-back line after being stretchered off with a neck injury last time out.
There's no place on the bench for sharpshooters TJ Reid and Richie Hogan, who've been struggling with injury. Reid had a calf problem but did make a substitute appearance in the second-half at Páirc Uí Chaoimh last Saturday night.
Kilkenny
1. Eoin Murphy (Glenmore)
2. Joey Holden Ballyhale (Shamrocks)
3. Padraig Walsh (Tullaroan)
4. Paddy Deegan (O'Loughlin Gaels)
5. Cillian Buckley (Dicksboro)
6. Robert Lennon (Bennettsbridge)
7. Joe Lyng Rower (Inistioge)
8. James Maher (St Lachtains)
9. Ollie Walsh (Dicksboro)
10. John Donnelly (Thomastown)
11. Richie Reid (Ballyhale Shamrocks)
12. Richie Leahy (Rower Inistioge)
13. Bill Sheehan (Dicksboro)
14. Walter Walsh (Tullogher Rosbercon)
15. Alan Murphy (Glenmore)
Subs
16. Darren Brennan (St Lachtains)
17. Enda Morrissey (Bennettsbridge)
18. Conor Delaney (Erin's Own)
19. Conor O'Shea (Clara)
20. Tommy Walsh (Tullaroan)
21. Ryan Bergin (John Lockes)
22. Lester Ryan (Clara)
23. Pat Lyng Rower (Inistioge)
24. Martin Keoghan (Tullaroan)
25. Conor Martin (Emeralds)
26. Liam Blanchfield (Bennettsbridge)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where they kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled, Euille said.
“I never saw them get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties,” Euille told The Associated Press. “He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought,” they said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “loner.” Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did, they said.
“There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress,” said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria.
“We're just not sure at this time” how they spent their time, they said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
“I didn't like them from the beginning,” they said. “Nothing I can really put my finger on, but they were just not a pleasant person.”
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said they didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
“I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois.
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
___
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - At least 35 people were killed and some are missing after an attack on a village in southeastern Nigeria, local media reported Tuesday.
More than 50 armed people reportedly invaded the Mbadwen village in the Benue State and burned it down, according to the Daily Post Nigeria newspaper.
© AP Photo / Jossy Ola Eighteen Killed, 84 Wounded in Boko Haram Attack in Nigeria - Emergency Services
All houses of the village were destroyed as a result of the incident.
Earlier on Tuesday, Nigeria's Gwer East area was also attacked by suspected herdsmen, leaving 19 people dead, including two Catholic priests.
After losing their self-titled reboot show “Roseanne” and apologizing to Valerie Jarrett for what Roseanne Barr claimed was an unintentionally racist tweet, Barr blamed “Ambien tweeting” for the insolent remark.
In a since-deleted tweet, Barr asked their followers to stop defending them for comparing Jarrett, a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama, to the “muslim brotherhood” and the “planet of the apes.”
“It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible,” Barr said in the deleted tweet. “I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.”
Just hours after Barr apologized for the remark and vowed to leave Twitter, ABC cancelled their recently rebooted, highly rated show. The show, which focuses on “Roseanne,” a President Trump supporter and their family, who are not, has garnered the attention of the President himself, who bragged about their ratings in a speech in Ohio in March.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that they were working excessive overtime and appeared to specifically go after the three drivers they killed before fatally shooting himself.
Jimmy Lam, 38, filed the grievance in March complaining of too much overtime and requesting that the package delivery company relieve them of working extra hours going forward, Joseph Cilia, an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco, told The Associated Press.
During a Wednesday morning meeting, Lam walked up to driver Benson Louie and shot him. As their co-workers frantically fled the room, they shot Wayne Chan in the back, and then walked up to them and “finished him.” Mike Lefiti was fleeing from the building when Lam went out onto the street and shot him, Cilia said witnesses told him.
“It's senseless. I can't think of anything. Why him? Why them?” Cilia asked. “I can't put it together.”
Officials late Wednesday confirmed San Francisco residents Louie, 50, and Chan, 56, and 46-year-old Lefiti, of Hercules, were killed in the shooting.
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
“They were screaming, ‘Go! Go! Go!'” said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. “As they got on the bus, they were all ducking.”
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “Shooter! Shooter!”
The shooting prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about 2 miles (3 kilometers) from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified Lam, 38, and said he's from San Francisco but had no immediate details on their background.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) they were at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when shots rang out. They left their van and saw their cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
“The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him,” Toia said. “They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him.”
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said they saw Lefiti, known as “Big Mike,” as they arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. “He was a joyful man. Always happy,” Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled them as a warm-spirited man devoted to their children and family. A photo on their Facebook page shows Lefiti in their brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. They also posted photos of their UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive.
A 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse said they heard up to eight gunshots.
“They were all in rapid succession,” said Raymond Deng. “It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.”
Deng watched from their window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. They said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” they said. “It's crazy.”
Officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an “assault pistol,” Chaplin said.
“The suspect put the gun to their head and discharged the weapon,” Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots. Two guns were recovered at the scene, they said.
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
AP writers Janie Har, Jocelyn Gecker and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this story.
"I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it."
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals, who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath's hydro plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education, and transit investments, being used to buy back shares of Hydro One.
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
"To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question," they said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, they added. Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
"That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital."
— Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:H)
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
The Vikings solidified their backup quarterback spot shortly after signing Kirk Cousins by trading with the Broncos for Trevor Siemian.
Siemian moves from starter to backup with the move, but they seemed in high spirits when being introduced to the Minnesota media on Monday.
It looked like the chapter for Siemian in Denver had ended, and the trade opens up a new role for Siemian, who enters the last year of their contract.
How did Siemian, who has the same agent as Cousins, find out about the trade?
“I actually was down in Mexico. It was my fiancée's spring break, she's in law school right now,” Siemian said Monday. “We were down there for a few days. Got the phone call and, as you can imagine, I was pretty excited. Again, thrilled to be here. It's an interesting way to find out, I know. Whatever it takes I guess.”
If I had to guess, Siemian was a margarita or two deep when hearing the news. Good for him. And good for the Vikings, who blew up their quarterback situation and somehow landed one of the league's top backups as well as the top free-agent on the market.
Two days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with their new mega-bucks clothing deal, Roger Federer was back making a style statement with their dazzling tennis as they gave Lukas Lacko a straight-sets lesson to reach the third round.
The Swiss defending champion was at their breathtaking best as they crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute 6-4 6-4 6-1 victory on Wednesday that seemed more an exhibition of their shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title.
Slovakian Lacko, who is ranked 73rd in the world, saved two set points at 5-3 but couldn't prevent Federer from taking the first set on a rapid service game.
Another effortless topspin-loaded swing from Federer, which claimed the opening break of the second set, was followed by a 60-second service game to pull away with a 4-2 lead.
And Federer was relentless as they lost just nine of 61 total points behind their intimidating service and they closed out the second set with three straight aces.
The third set was one-way traffic as Federer killed the contest with a ferocious forehand after 90 minutes of brilliance.
"I played very well again, I felt good out there, fewer nerves than in the first round, which is normal," said Federer after racking up their 93rd Wimbledon win.
"I am happy with how I am hitting the ball and concentration on my own service games and I am able to mix it up on return. I needed to put them away and I was able to do that and I am very happy."
Federer will next face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round.
French 17th seed Lucas Pouille fell short in five sets after fighting from two sets down to be beaten 6-4 6-2 6-7 (8-10) 3-6 6-2 by Austria's Dennis Novak.
But where Pouille failed, their compatriot Gael Monfils succeeded in a 3-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (7-3) triumph over Italian Paolo Lorenzi.
Elsewhere, American world No.13 Sam Querrey eliminated Sergiy Stakhovsky of Ukraine 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 6-3 while Russia's Daniil Medvedev, earned a straight-set victory over world Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain 6-3 6-4 6-2.
Les Meyer started their run as Fairfield head coach in 1997 with a bumpy first few seasons.
"20 years ago we went 0-8, then 1-7, 2-6, then 3-5," they remembered.
Now, the Eagles hold one of the strongest programs in Class B - starring in the playoffs 15 of the past 16 years, and taking home two state titles.
"The saying goes lose big, lose close, maybe win close, and then you get a chance to win big," Coach Meyer said.
Les Meyer has paved their way to becoming well-known in the Treasure State.
"I introduce myself to someone that I might not have met, and they're like, oh, you're Les Meyer's boy," added their son, Ryder.
And now, Coach Meyer is making a name for themselves on the national level.
"I shared the email with my wife and I was like, you might want to take a look at this. I'm not sure what this means," Coach Meyer said.
This email from the National High School Coaches' Association says Les Meyer is a finalist to be National Coach of the Year.
"{The award shows} all our hard work is finally to fruition, being recognized as a coaching staff, as Coach Meyer, that's pretty cool for the school," said line coach Charlie Brown.
The award may have shocked Coach Meyer - but those who know them aren't surprised.
"It's amazing, they definitely deserve it because he's worked extremely hard and he's built our program up a lot," said former player Vincent Peltzer.
"He's not only the superintendent, football coach, we'll all friends," added defensive coordinator R.J. Rogers.
Les says the award goes beyond just him.
"The support of the community has been awesome, the support of the school has been awesome," they explained. "All of those things add up for a chance to have some success. Certainly couldn't do that without my family, and without their support. It really is special and it really is a family affair."
Les is traveling to Illinois for a ceremony next week and will join 12 other nominated Montanans - including their sister-in-law.
"Iona Stookey, who's the Huntley volleyball coach who's had tremendous success there, she's also up for this award and we'll be there at the same time," they said.
From starting with zero wins, Les has proved anything can happen with a little hard work.
"You stand on the shoulder of many," they explained. "That goes back to 1997 when this started, we started on their shoulders."
And has left a lasting impact on all those he's coached.
"He just instills in you a great work ethic, I try to carry that through everything I do," Peltzer said.
Regardless of how the awards ceremony pans out - Les Meyer has taken the small town of Fairfield and put it on the nation's radar.
NEW YORK (AP) - Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations, students said Monday.
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida.
"It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter," Alex Wind, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, told The Associated Press.
"We're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting," they added.
Since the massacre, Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools.
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida's capital, Tallahassee. Last Wednesday, tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety. Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York, including NBC's "Today" show and "CBS This Morning."
The National Rifle Association didn't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches. The group has said any effort to prevent future school shootings needs to "keep guns out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves or others, while protecting the rights of law-abiding Americans."
Amid the wave of activism, Florida passed a law curbing young peoples' access to rifles; the NRA has sued to try to block it. Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21.
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations. President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off, citing a lack of political support.
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers, while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study.
A petition associated with Saturday's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines, as well as tightening background checks.
The suspect in the Parkland shooting, 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz, used an AR-15 assault-style rifle, according to authorities. Their lawyer has said Cruz will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence, rather than possibly facing the death penalty.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to get a gun legally.
Beyond making a statement, Saturday's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote.
But the students insist their aim isn't partisan: "We're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country," Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP.
As soon-to-be voters, the students say they're here to stay in the public debate.
"We are not just a presence on Twitter. We are not just some social media fad. We're not like Tide Pods," Deitsch said, referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them.
"We're trying to push this idea that we have a voice, that people can speak out, and that that voice should be heard," Deitsch said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Congressional Democrats, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Sen. Elizabeth Warren among them, are starting to give charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from disgraced Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein.
Weinstein and their family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, virtually all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The party's effort to separate itself from the 65-year-old film executive came after The New York Times reported that they settled sexual harassment lawsuits with at least eight women.
Weinstein's contributions are tiny compared to those who donate tens of millions of dollars during a two-year election cycle, easily leaving them out of the top 100 funders, the center's figures show. But he's been a fixture among Democratic supporters and close to party luminaries for decades, making the revelations especially embarrassing for a party that touts itself as pushing progressive policies for women.
The biggest beneficiary of funds from Weinstein and their family was the Democratic National Committee, which received about $800,000 in several of its accounts, according to the center, which analyzes political spending.
Democratic National Committee spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa said the party plans to give more than $30,000 to Emily's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights. All three groups work to elect women to office. Hinojosa said the amount was for the funds Weinstein themselves donated to the party during the 2016 campaign.
Other major beneficiaries of the Weinstein family's largesse included almost $200,000 to the party's Senate campaign accounts, $23,200 to its House campaign arm senatorial and $46,350 to Hillary Clinton, the 2016 presidential candidate, and to HILLPAC, a committee Clinton used to support other Democrats while senator. The figures include contributions attributed to Weinstein, first wife Eve Chilton and current spouse Georgina Chapman.
Weinstein and Chapman also contributed $10,000 to President Barack Obama.
Weinstein visited the White House during the Obama presidency and helped put on a film workshop in 2013, where then-first lady Michelle Obama described them as a “wonderful human being, a good friend and just a powerhouse.”
Aides to Clinton and Obama did not immediately return requests for comment.
The GOP jumped on the episode, happy to force Democrats to return the funds or associate themselves with Weinstein.
“Whether or not that's money they want to take, that's up to them,” said White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
“Returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer,” said Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel. And RNC spokesperson Cassie Smedile said Democrats decided to “shirk the moral high ground and instead chose to launder the dirty Harvey Weinstein money to fellow Democratic political organizations.”
Schumer, D-N.Y., is donating thousands of dollars to several charities supporting women, said spokesperson Matt House.
Warren spokesperson Kristen Orthman said the senator is giving $5,000 to Casa Myrna, Boston's largest provider of services to domestic violence victims.
Another possible presidential contender, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., will not accept any future Weinstein contributions, said senior adviser Glen Caplin. They said Gillibrand will donate $11,800 to RAINN, an organization that helps survivors of sexual violence.
“Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join them in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society,” Caplin said.
Other Democratic recipients of Weinstein contributions who said they're donating to charitable groups include Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey — a possible presidential hopeful — as well as Sens. Al Franken of Minnesota, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Demands to return campaign dollars are a staple of Washington politics practiced by both parties.
Republicans pressured Democratic candidates in 2011 to return donations from former Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., who had resigned when their lewd online behavior became public.
Democrats did the same after former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., was sentenced to prison last year in a hush-money case that stemmed from decades-old sexual abuse during their years as a wrestling coach.
The report on Weinstein came almost exactly a year after the election-campaign release of audio from 2005 in which now-President Donald Trump made offensive, lewd comments about women.
“The Democratic party condemns all forms of sexual harassment and assault,” Hinojosa, the Democratic spokesperson, said in a statement that also criticized “men like Trump who continue to show us that they lack respect for more than half of America.”
___
Associated Press writers Kevin Freking in Washington, Jonathan Lemire in New York and Bill Barrow in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BICKNELL, Ind. (WTHI) - For kids in Bicknell, the go-to place to cool down is the NorthKnoxx Swimland.
Scroll for more content...
Cheyanne Clark says, "Whenever it's open I'm out here almost every day. And there's always a lot of people come out and i enjoy coming out here so I'm out here almost every day."
Cheyanne is one of those kids. However today, she's helping their mom get the pool back in shape.
Clark says, "I enjoy it because I love coming out here. Whenever it was closed I kind of got bored. I came out here to try to clean it and everything just to try to get it back open."
Mechanical issues forced the pool to close on June 19th. Since then the pool has passed inspections with the state and county health departments. It is now one test away from re-opening.
Swimland Manager and Treasurer Cheryl Noonan says, "Our first test, which I got the call this morning that we passed the first part, so we are waiting until tomorrow to find out about the second part. So we can submit our second test and hopefully be open this weekend."
While the pool may open this weekend, many problems still lay ahead.
Noonan says, "It needs to be redone. There are all kinds of old piping. The concrete needs to be busted up. We need new pipes put in. The pool has been band-aid so long it really needs a surgery."
A surgery that is unlikely to come considering the financial situation.
Noonan explains, "At our pool, we're lucky to make twenty-five dollars a day. After we pay lifeguards and fill concessions. We don't really have a big thing because some days we're negative. After we pay everybody."
The pool relies on fundraisers and donations. Hoping to keep the doors open for kids like Cheyanne.
Clark says, "yes! I'm very excited. I can't wait."
Doing what they can to help Bicknell cool off.
To contact the North Knox Swimland: Click Here
With their daughter Tara born a day after Serena Williams gave birth to their first child Alexis Olympia last September, Novak Djokovic has been trading parenting tips with the American.
However, when they were asked if it's easier to be a tennis-playing father than a continent-hopping mother on the professional tour, the Serb's jaw appeared to hit the floor.
With an incredulous look that seemed to suggest "you cannot be serious", Djokovic remained mum for several seconds.
But with an expectant audience still waiting for an answer, father-of-two Djokovic finally broke the pregnant pause.
"Well, I think it's obvious. I mean, what a woman has to go through, with the pregnancy and birth and then everything after that? I'm sorry to all the guys, but it's much more difficult for a woman," Djokovic told reporters after cruising into the French Open third round on Wednesday.
"So that's why it makes it even more impressive when they make a comeback, and especially Serena after all they have done," added the Serb, one of a dozen fathers to have claimed grand slam titles since 1980.
Camera Icon Serbia's Novak Djokovic grimaces after missing a shot against Spain's Jaume Munar. Picture: AP
Over the same period of time, only Kim Clijsters has managed to win majors after returning from a maternity break.
But while Clijsters had won only one of their four majors before giving birth to daughter Jada in 2008, Williams had claimed 23 grand slam titles.
Many believe they could have easily called it quits after becoming a mother as they have already cemented their place among the all-time sporting greats.
But rather than walking away from tennis, Williams, who won the 2017 Australian Open while pregnant, is making their grand slam comeback at Roland Garros this week.
"It's not like they never won a slam and then now they want to come back because they have something to achieve from that perspective," added the 31-year-old Djokovic, who was photographed cradling a beaming Alexis Olympia on the eight-month-old's Twitter feed.
"After all they have achieved in sport to see them back and putting hours on the court and work and again and again, it's impressive. It's inspiring. It really is.
"She's the greatest female athlete of all time, probably, and they keep on coming back and inspiring everyone.
"She uses tennis as a platform to do good things and that's why she's back. You can see how much they love it.
"I love Serena. All the superlatives and beautiful words that you can think of they deserve it."
Djokovic, seeded only 20 this year due to their recent injury absence, will face Spanish 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut after a straight-sets win over Jaume Munar.
Munar may be ranked a lowly 155 in the world but they made Djokovic work for every point in some lengthy and at times spectacular rallies.
Munar occasionally had Djokovic scrambling with their fearsome shot-making, but the 2016 champion was able to post a 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 victory.
"I went through my ups and downs and I'm not really satisfied with the performance. I just played enough in the right moments to win the match," Djokovic said.
"I have good days of serving when everything flows. But the issue is that I had to (change) the service motion a lot because of the injury (and) I changed the racquet.
"I've already had three different service motions this year.
"So it's something that I'm working on."
× Pools Closing Early in the Poconos
EAST STROUDSBURG — There are only a few days left to splash around at Dansbury Park Pool in East Stroudsburg.
This pool and the public pool in Stroudsburg will close for the season this weekend one week earlier than they normally do.
“I mean it's not that bad because school starts in two weeks so I don't think it's that big of a difference,” said Abigail Storey, East Stroudsburg.
Directors at The Stroud Region Open Space and Recreation Commission tell Newswatch 16, the season had to be cut short due to lack of lifeguards.
“Our kids are going back to college and we have high school students that are involved in camps and sports and marching bands, that type of thing. Everyone is getting back into the school mode and it's one of the things that we have to look at. It's a constant readjustment in the summer season,” said Sherry Acevedo, SROSRC Executive Director.
Because of the rainy summer that we had, people who use the public pools tell Newswatch 16, they are sad to see them close a little early. But with school starting in just a few weeks, they will find something to do to keep the kids occupied.
“There are other activities in the community that people can do,” said Storey.
Neil Jackson from Kunkletown usually brings their granddaughter to the Dansbury pool. They decided to stop in before the gates close.
“Yeah, it's tough on the kids who want to come to the pool because the pool will close. Yeah but they can leave the pool open,” said Jackson.
Stroudsburg pool will officially close for the season on Saturday.
Dansbury Park Pool in East Stroudsburg will close on Sunday.
RENTON, Wash. — The Renton City Council unanimously passed a resolution Monday night banning safe drug-consumption sites in the city.
It's the fourth city to take such an action after King County announced earlier that it will set up two safe consumption, or injection, sites — one in Seattle and the other elsewhere in the county. No locations have been announced. But they would be the first such sites in the United States and patterned after safe drug-use sites in Vancouver, B.C.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Although some in Renton said the controversial sites are a bad idea, others said it's an option that needs to be considered.
“Fewer people will die, fewer people will be hurt, fewer people will be looking or places to go on the street, where it's not safe. I think that's a plus more than a negative,” said Ben Margreiter, who lives in Renton.
Margreiter says they understand the concerns that a safe injection site may bring more drugs to the city.
“It's not a pretty thing to think (about) people injecting themselves somewhere with illegal drugs,” said Margreiter.
They say drastic times call for drastic measures, considering the growing drug problem in King County.
“The way it's currently being handled doesn't seem to be working, a lot of people die, a lot of people have nowhere to go, I don't think that helps anybody,” said Margreiter.
Fellow Renton residents that Q13 News talked to Monday night agreed with him.
“You're not creating new drug users just because we have a safe injection site; it's people who are already using it,” said Alix Nickerson, who added that such a site would also translate to more people seeking help.
“You're probably not going to go up to someone and ask for help, but if someone is there, they're probably more willing to get help,” Nickerson said.
One of those people who sought help, Jin-Ah Kim, a recovering heroin addict who is running for Shoreline City Council, says a safe injection site would have helped them sooner.
“If we're trying to maximize the impact, then we should be putting them in more strategic areas,” Kim said.
Renton is the fourth city in King County to oppose the possibility of taking a safe injection site, joining Bellevue, Federal Way and Auburn. The Kent City Council plans to take up the issue Tuesday night.
Kim says other cities need to be more open to a problem that needs a community-wide solution.
“When I say maximum impact -- close to easy transport, lose to treatment centers, close to family -- it takes a village to help an addict,” Kim said.
REGULAR SCHOOL BOARD MEETING
NORTH BRANCH AREA EDUCATION CENTER ROOM 126
JANUARY 12, 2017
The School Board of Independent School District 138 met in regular session on Thursday, January 12, 2017, at 7:30 p.m. in the North Branch Area Education Center Board Room.
Board Chair Ekstrom called the meeting to order.
Roll Call: Kirby Ekstrom, Tim MacMillan, Cathie Pascavage, Darryl Goebel, Sarah Grovender, Miranda Michaud, and Superintendent Henton
Others in Attendance:
Derrick Knutson, Lori Zimmerman, Becca Johnson, Diane Solberg, Scott Schraufnagel, Stacy Johnstone, Kirstin Perales, Coleman McDonough, Sonja Mueller, Joanne Kreitz, Joel Santjer, Randi Johnson, Pat Tepoorten, and Arle Chambers
Approval of Agenda:
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Michaud and carried unanimously to approve the agenda.
Recognition:
Superintendent Henton introduced Michelle Wille (unable to attend) and Joel Santjer who were presented with a certificate for being named TIES Exceptional Teachers for 2016. They were recognized at the December 13th TIES Education Technology Conference.
SUPERINTENDENTS REPORT
Superintendent Henton introduced Sunrise River Elementary School Principal Lori Zimmerman and Assistant Principal Becca Johnson who gave a presentation on initiatives happening at Sunrise, including Project Lead the Way LAUNCH, and balanced literacy.
CONSENT ITEMS
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Goebel and carried unanimously to approve the agenda.
A. Minutes of December 8, 2016 Regular School Board Meeting
B. Authorization of Payments, Transfers, and Investment Activity
2016A Bond Account Bank 06 $76,490.81
Accounts Payable, Bank 07 – $1,144,420.61
Auxiliary, Bank 12 – $3,489.31
Payroll, Bank 13 – $2,617,518.18
Scholarship, Bank 18 – $10,280.00
C. Personnel
1. Ruth Dickhausen, resignation effective December 29, 2016, as Schoolkeeper at North Branch Area Education Center
2. Bailey Milligan, resignation effective January 6, 2017, as School Age Care Adult Assistant
3. Amy Glaser, leave request effective January 3, 2017 through March 27, 2017, as Playground Assistant at Sunrise River Elementary School
4. Carol Beckerleg, MA+60, Step 17, extension of contract as .5 FTE Speech Language Pathologist at Sunrise River Elementary School from January 3, 2017 through June 9, 2017
5. Todd Johnson, employment effective January 4, 2017 as Bus Driver
6. Karen Barton, employment effective January 3, 2017, as Lunchroom/Playground Assistant at Sunrise River Elementary School
7. Jennifer Thompson, leave request effective March 9, 2017 through May 10, 2017 (9 weeks) as Bookkeeper at North Branch Area Education Center
8. Diane Higley, leave request effective January 3, 2017 through January 13, 2017, as SPED Assistant at North Branch Middle School
9. Randi Johnson, retirement effective September 29, 2017 as Director of Finance and Human Resources at North Branch Area Public Schools
10. Debra Enger, employment effective January 11, 2017, as Part-time Schoolkeeper at North Branch Area Education Center
11. 2016-17 Extra Curricular Winter Coach Positions
a. Roger Keller, Class 6, Step 2, as Middle School Boys Basketball Coach
b. Darin Marcussen, Class 6, Step 1, as Middle School Boys Basketball Coach
12. 2016-17 Activity Advisor Positions
a. Brittany Ahner, Class 6, Step 1, as Assistant Coach for High School Speech
b. Scott Tolzmann, Class 6, Step 1, as Assistant Coach for High School Speech
D. Acceptance of Donations
OPEN MIC
No one signed up for open mic.
OLD BUSINESS
A. Approval of the Second Reading of Policy 301 School District Administration
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Pascavage and carried unanimously to approve the second reading of Policy 301 School District Administration.
B. Approval of the Second Reading of Policy 302 Superintendent
Moved by Goebel, seconded by Grovender and carried unanimously to approve the second reading of Policy 302 – Superintendent.
C. Approval of the Second Reading of Policy 303 Superintendent Selection
Moved by Goebel, seconded by MacMillan and carried unanimously to approve the second reading of Policy 303 Superintendent Selection.
D. Approval of the Second Reading of Policy 305 Policy Implementation
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Grovender and carried unanimously to approve the second reading of Policy 305 Policy Implementation.
NEW BUSINESS
A. Approval to Request Proposals for Food Service Contract
Moved by Goebel, seconded Pascavage by and carried unanimously to approve proposals for a food service contract.
B. North Branch Policies to be Eliminated
Moved by Michaud, seconded by Goebel and carried unanimously to approve the elimination of the following North Branch policies.
NB Policy 2110 – The Superintendent of Schools
NB Policy 2112 Legal/Personnel Issues Arising During Absence of Superintendent and Asst. Superintendent
NB Policy 2210 – Elementary Principal
NB Policy 2211 – High School and Middle School Principals
C. Approval of Ratification of the Contract between the North Branch Support Staff Association and North Branch Independent School District for July 1, 2016, through June 30, 2018
Moved by Pascavage, seconded by MacMillan and carried unanimously to approve the ratification of the contract between the North Branch Support Staff Association and North Branch Independent School District for July 1, 2016, through June 30, 2018.
The agreement includes improvements to wages and benefits each year.
Language changes were made to articles on sick and personal leaves, and a number of clarifying changes were also made to address employee concerns.
The employees voted to ratify the agreement in December. We were told that the vote was unanimous.
INFORMATION
The board reviewed the January 2017 issue of the Board and Administrator.
BOARD REQUESTS
No formal request for information.
COMMITTEE REPORTS
A. SEE (Schools for Equity in Education) None
B. Negotiations Board Member Ekstrom reported that the school board and bus drivers union will meet on January 23rd for mediation.
C. MSBA Report Board Member Ekstrom showed a short video on MSBA: Where School Boards Learn to Lead. They will report next month on the MSBA conference they attended from January 10-13.
D. SCRED Report None
E. Staff Development Report None
F. OPEB Committee Report None
G. Policy Committee Report None
DATES TO REMEMBER
A. January 23, 2017 Bus Driver Mediation Session, 9:00 am, North Branch Area Education Center, Room 118
B. January 26, 2017 School Board Work Session, 5:30 pm, North Branch Area Education Center, Room 118
C. February 9, 2017 Policy Committee Meeting, 4:30 pm, North Branch Area Education Center, Room 118
D. February 9, 2017 Regular School Board Meeting, 5:30 pm, North Branch Area Education Center, Room 126
E. February 23, 2017 School Board Work Session, 5:30 pm, North Branch Area Education Center, Room 118
Adjournment
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Michaud and carried unanimously to adjourn the meeting at 8:13 p.m.
Mindy Michaud, Clerk
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 2017
653093
http://ecmpostreview.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2017/02/653093-1.pdf
TO MARKET, TO MARKET: Guess Inc. continues to tap its archives for inspiration with its Guess Jeans USA division releasing a Nineties-inspired capsule dubbed Farmers Market.
The collection, rich in color blocking and bold colors, is to roll out May 5 at the company's headquarters where Guess' spin on a farmers market will culminate in a marketplace of local brands, food and skateboarding set to include companies such as Chinatown Market, Pleasures, Cali Thornhill Dewitt, Medicom, Utmost, Fontaine Cards, Carrots, Pintrill and Sandal Boyz.
The company's requiring registration for a wristband to anyone interested in attending.
Sean Wotherspoon, who teamed with Guess on the Farmers Market capsule, helped produce a range that includes hoodies, T-shirts, denim jackets and overalls that borrow produce and floral graphics from the Guess archives. Graphic T-shirts will retail for $60, while colorblocked and striped T-shirts are priced at $80.
Wotherspoon is the owner of the men's vintage retailer Round Two, which has locations on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles and Richmond, Va.
Round Two will also have a presence at the Farmers Market event next month as will Darren Romanelli, who has also collaborated in the past with the denim firm on their own vintage-inspired pieces and a new collection set to debut at the market.
The marketplace comes as a number of companies experiment with the concept, most notably adding some element of streetwear in the mix stemming from the successes of ComplexCon in Long Beach. Adidas earlier this year made a go at a similar event, taking over the former American Apparel factory in downtown for its 747 Warehouse event during the All-Star Game weekend and then continued on with a smaller-scale exhibition called 3 Rooms done in partnership with skateboarder and entrepreneur Na-Kel Smith. Refinery 29's 29 Rooms, while not focused on the streetwear market, made its way to the West Coast for the first time earlier this year and was another mix of art installations melding fashion, technology and culture.
computer software, software design, OSHA compliance, employee training, safety software, automation Source: Vivid Learning Systems
Vivid Concepts develops standard and custom computer-based training software and was one of the first companies to develop the interactive computer-based training technology. Because of this, Vivid has many years of successful experience in heavily regulated environments such as government facilities and hazardous waste sites.
Instant OSHA Plus is an occupational training program for safety and health. This interactive, computer-based training system targets the specific skills and knowledge employees need.
An electrical utilities version of Instant OSHA plus is also available. Electrical Worker Training .269 is an interactive multimedia computer-based training and testing program developed specifically for workers in the electric utility and electrical construction industries.
"We challenge you to find an easier, more efficient, and more affordable way to provide employee safety, health, & human resource training! We GUARANTEE to be the best...and stand behind it with our 30-day money-back GUARANTEE!" - Rick Locke, President, Vivid Concepts, Inc.
× School Follows Wayne County Native's Summit of Mount Everest
HONESDALE — Wendy Gustin stood on top of the earth's highest mountain. The woman who grew up in Wayne County recently climbed Mount Everest and told the tale of their journey to some elementary students at Stourbridge Primary Center in Honesdale where their cousin is a teacher.
Newswatch 16 spoke to them through Skype at their home in Colorado.
“I have climbed for years and always had the goal that eventually I wanted to climb Mount Everest,” Gustin said.
After years of saving and months of planning and training, Wendy finally took the ultimate climb.
They left for Nepal in March and summited on May 22.
“You kind of have to go into a zone. You have to stay really focused. I always say with climbing and mountaineering, mental toughness is 80 percent and physical fitness is probably 20. Some people might disagree and say it's 50-50, but your mind can take over on you so you have to stay really focused.”
The students followed Wendy along their trek and even made some signs of encouragement while they on their journey. They say it was nice to be able to get a firsthand experience from someone who made it to the top and learn how much work goes into it.
“Oh, we got to learn how high it was, Skype Wendy when they were home, and see all of their equipment,” said second-grader Craig Stiles.
“Wendy said you can do anything if you just believe in yourself,” added second-grader Cailyn Bunting.
Also in the classroom for the Skype session was Wendy's mother Linda Gustin.
“Incredibly proud,” said Linda. “She has wanted to do this for a long time and they did it. We are very proud of her, very proud.”
“Everyone has their own Everest but there is nothing that is impossible and don't be afraid of feeling that fear,” said Wendy. “It's OK to be a little bit afraid, but don't let it hold you back.”
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
"Lets see how long it takes for the media to point out Amesbury is where Porton Down is located," a commentator has pointed out on Twitter.
The UK police reported two people in a critical condition near the English city Amesbury, exactly four months after the case of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal unraveled in the neighboring Salisbury.
The pair is now in hospital receiving treatment for "suspected exposure to an unknown substance," Wiltshire Police said in a statement. Amesbury lies seven miles (11 kms) to the north of Salisbury and about the same distance to the Porton Down science and technology laboratory operated by the Ministry of Defense.
We've declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury. Full details here: https://t.co/yaaUqH97Te pic.twitter.com/xryG8Cy7nV — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018​
The Defence, Science and Technology Laboratory at Porton Down, established in 1916, is known as one of the most secretive military research facilities in the country.
READ MORE: Top 3 Facts About Porton Down Lab as Its Chemicals Allegedly Found in Syria
Have the BBC wheeled out Hamish de Bretton-Gordon yet to tell us that the Russians must be behind it?
If any media organisation decides to inflict HdBG's opinions on us, bear in mind their involvement with #PortonDown and their activities in #Syria:https://t.co/XUwgMSKGlg — Barden Gridge (@BardenGridge) July 4, 2018​
Isn't Boscombe Down where the Army trains Apache helicopter pilots? — Steve Freeman (@stevefreeman20) July 4, 2018​
of course russia again.. they have a dastardly plan to poison everyone in Wiltshire and then rule the world from there… https://t.co/Tx4891m9ri — tony_revsoc99 (@revsoc99) July 4, 2018​
Have we any idea just how many taxpayers money was spent weaving this fairy story? — Northwich Guardians (@GuardiNorthwich) July 4, 2018​
Close down Porton Down, too much dangerous stuff leaking out of that facility. — Hari SP (@Hari_Nuranian) July 4, 2018​
The two people are treated at Salisbury District Hospital, the same hospital where Sergei Skripal and their daughter spent weeks in recovery.
READ MORE: 2 Hospitalized After Exposure to 'Unknown Substance' in UK's Amesbury — Police
Samples from the unknown substance the pair have been allegedly exposed to have now been reportedly sent to the Porton Down laboratory for investigation.
"As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury. As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible," the Metropolitan police said on July 4.
Four Karratha Water Polo Association players spent last week representing their State at the Australian Country Water Polo Championships.
Laura Hill, Ashleen McGovern, Tristan Lynn and Richard Gregory were part of the WA women's and men's sides that took on teams from across the nation in Rockhampton.
They were selected from Karratha's representative squad at the WA Country Championships earlier this year.
Lynn said both WA teams had held their own throughout the competition.
“As a player you really aspire to be playing at the level, and the level here is not that much different to playing at WA Country Champs, so it's good to see the national competition is at a really high standard and it's similar to what we have here,” they said.
The WA women's team had a strong run and finished in third plac.
The men's side came in fifth.
While KWPA has sent players to the national championships since the club began, they have not had the opportunity to do so since 2014, which was the last year a WA country side attended the competition.
KWPA secretary Anouska Angove, who is also an executive committee member for Water Polo WA Country Incorporated, said the WA committee had worked hard to send a State team to the national competition this year and was glad to see the effort pay off.
They said giving local players the opportunity to play at a national level exposed them to a higher level of competition, coaching and refereeing.
“We are really proud that we have such good representation from Karratha,” Angove said.
“Normally we have had four to six players going away, and this is a group of people who haven't gone before so we're really excited these guys are part of the team.”
The Karratha representatives will share their experience with other KWPA players — both senior and junior — on their returning.
$23.5M allocated for major national events
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
At the 79th sitting, in the eleventh parliament this morning, the Committee of Supply approved $390M current expenditure to the Ministry of Social Cohesion for its 2018 budget.
The opposition questioned several areas of the expenditure which included National and Other Events, Contracted Employee and Buildings.
Following a bombardment of questions from the Opposition, on the increase in the amount of money allocated to national and other events; Minister within the Ministry of Social Cohesion, with responsibility for Culture, Youth and Sports, Dr. George Norton explained the $23.5M allocated caters for several major national events in the country throughout the year.
“This (the amount) caters for Mashramani, Independence, Phagwah, Diwali, Youman Nabi, Easter, Emancipation and other national events, also the Ministry's Mashramani activity entails a float parade and the production of the ministry's band, etcetera and is catered for in the line item”, Dr. Norton explained. They furthered added that a layover of the itinerary will be provided to the Opposition for additional clarifications.
The Minister then highlighted that the added sum of $15M will go towards repairing and upgrading the Ministry's Main and Quamina Streets Head Office. They were asked by Opposition Member, Juan Edghill whether the Cohesion Ministry was still housed under Presidency, to which they explained their ministry has taken up office in the Main and Quamina streets location since September.
The $390 million current expenditure stood as a motion was made in favour by the majority in parliament.
By: Crystal Stoll
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
A federal judge told the Department of Justice to explain why the release of the House Intelligence Committee's memo today shouldn't force investigators to acknowledge the existence of more records related to foreign surveillance.
Scroll for more content...
Until this point, the Justice Department said it couldn't confirm or deny the existence of foreign surveillance-related records regarding Donald Trump and their business and campaign associates. That disclosure would hurt national security and could interfere with the ongoing special counsel investigation into Russian collusion and the election, the FBI has claimed.
The White House declassified and House Republicans released a controversial memo Friday that prompted the judge's action. The memo describes Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court actions that allowed federal authorities to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page in 2016 and 2017.
The Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, filed by the James Madison Project and USA Today reporter Brad Heath in April, sought records from the FBI of FISA applications and authorizations for surveillance of the Trump Organization, President Donald Trump, their campaign and associated people.
A filing from USA Today's lawyers Friday pointed out that the late-October 2016 issuance of the FISA warrant on Page matched the month that Trump claims the Obama administration started wiretapping their phones at Trump Tower in New York.
"I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!" Trump tweeted in March.
The Department of Justice's response is due February 14.
SEVERAL big contenders will watch the Top 10 Shootout from the sidelines at the Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour.
Reigning winner Jamie Whincup will start the race from 16th place aboard the No. 75 Mercedes, while neither of the major factory Porsche entries cracked the first five rows of the grid for Sunday's race.
Audi and BMW again dominated the session, but five different manufacturers will be represented in Saturday afternoon's one-lap shootout.
WATCH: Davison avoids disaster in 200km/h double spin
Kelvin Van der Linde took provisional pole for the No. 22 Jamec-Pem Audi, but Chaz Mostert came just 0.02 of a second short of knocking the young South African off.
“At least we got in the 10, I'll get the track to myself this arvo and be one of the last ones out,” Mostert said.
“I didn't do much run in practice; if I tidy up a couple of little areas with my driving there's maybe a tenth there, but it's pretty tight at the top.”
The second qualifying session for Class A cars only was scheduled for half an hour, but a crash from Lee Holdsworth meant the field had less than 20 minutes to put a time in.
Holdsworth was unhurt in the shunt, the No. 9 Hallmarc Audi crashing on the exit of Griffin's Bend 10 minutes into the session.
“I'm fine. Just pissed off,” they said.
“I committed to the throttle too early. These things don't like kerbs. I hit the kerb and they snap real quick. All out of my control after that.
“It's really hard to find the limit in these cars, and this is a track that is unforgiving when you actually find the limit.”
Both front and rear of the Audi were badly damaged, but the team is hopeful of it being repaired in time to take part in the race.
The delay caught out a few teams that had sat out the opening minutes of the session and were left with no time against their name.
The No. 100 SRM Team BMW was one of them, but Philipp Eng needed just one lap after the resumption to put that right — their 2m02.5274s placing them third, just 0.18 of a second off provisional pole.
Scott McLaughlin was fourth fastest in the first of the McLarens, ahead of fellow Australian Matt Campbell in the first of the Porsches, the Ice Break-sponsored No. 12 the only 911 to make it into the shootout.
Shane van Gisbergen was next in sixth, the No. 58 YNA Autosport McLaren struggling for quality track time all weekend and missing almost the entirety of Practice 5 with a throttle sensor problem.
Christopher Haase and Robin Frijns were seventh and eighth in another pair of Audis, while reigning Bathurst 1000 champ Luke Youlden put the Buik Motorworks Lamborghini into the shootout in ninth.
Rounding out the Top 10 was the first of the Bentleys, Steven Kane in the No. 17 car pipping Supercars racer Cameron Waters by 0.04 of a second for the final spot in the shootout.
Waters and Strakka Mercedes teammate Alvaro Parente were on the outside looking in as 11th and 12th fastest, while David Russell looked strong early in qualifying but stopped at Reid Park in the dying moments of the session, bringing out the red flags with 30 seconds left on the clock.
Camera Icon Whincup heading out during qualifying. Pic: Mark Horsburgh Picture: Supplied
Whincup was another car that hadn't set a time prior to the Holdsworth red flag, their eventual best leaving them 0.4 of a second outside the Top 10.
“Starting mid-pack is not ideal,” Whincup said. “We weren't quick enough at the end of the day.
“I went a second quicker than practice, and I think another run on another set of tyres I would found a chunk again.”
The three factory Porsches from Manthey, Craft Bamboo and Black Swan all ended up well outside the top 10, Earl Bamber the best in the No. 991 car in 18th, albeit just 1.18 seconds off the pace and barely half a second off making the shootout.
The Top 10 Shootout for the first five grid positions gets underway at 4pm AEDT.
Robbie Power on Supasundae with Paul Townend on Faugheen going over the final fence. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
JESSICA HARRINGTON AND Robbie Power took the big race at Leopardstown today as the 8/1 shot Supasundae won the BHP Insurance Irish Champion Hurdle with favourite Faugheen unable to get back to winning ways.
After the Christmas disappointment at the track when pulling up in the Ryanair Hurdle, Faugheen went off the 9/10 favourite and set the pace with Paul Townend on board.
But the Willie Mullins trained horse finished in second as Supasundae finished strongly to prevail by two and a quarter lengths with Mick Jazz in third, Jezki fourth and Melon finishing fifth.
“I thought it would be a bit too quick for them over two miles,” remarked winning trainer Harrington to irishracing.com.
“I only came here as a prep run for the three-mile hurdle at Cheltenham, and to win this is some prep run! Robert was sure that when they had Faugheen in their sights at the last that they would stay every inch of the way, and they did. When they got to the front they were only pricking theirs ears.
“He's only in the three-mile hurdle at Cheltenham so that's where they will be going. They won over 2m5f there last year, and we ran here to try and get them jumping quick. We know they stay so that's why we are going for the three-mile race.
“He jumped absolutely super today, and I've never seen them jump so well.”
Celebration time for Jessica Harrington and Robbie Power. Source: Donall Farmer/INPHO
Favourtie Footpad was an impressive winner in the Frank Ward Solicitors Arkle Novice Chase at Leopardstown.
“We didn't hang around and kept it up,” said jockey Paul Townend after a race in which the Willie Mullins trained winner never looked under major pressure from market rival Petit Mouchoir.
“He jumped super and came up for me at the last when they were very long and got to the other side. They jump like a stag, you'd swear he's been jumping fences all their life.”
Joseph O'Brien. Source: Donall Farmer/INPHO
Earlier, outsider Tower Bridge left it late to seal the win in the Nathaniel Lacy and Partners Solicitors Novice Hurdle, the inaugural event of the festival.
Paul Townend had 7-4 favourite Fabulous Saga five lengths clear with three to jump but their race seemed run by the last with Dicey O'Reilly leading the pursuit along with Jetz.
JJ Slevin made sure the Joseph O'Brien-trained Tower Bridge edged it on the line however for the jockey's first Grade One win.
“He won well,” said Slevin. “He travelled well and jumped well, they stuck their neck out well and galloped all the way to the line.”
Leopardstown Results
1.10pm – Lacy & Partners Solicitors Novice Hurdle
1. Tower Bridge 25/1
2. Jetz 5/1
3. Carter Mckay 9/2
1.45pm – Coral Dublin Steeplechase
1. Min 11/8 fav
2. Simply Ned 12/1
3. Special Tiara 12/1
2.20pm – Frank Ward Solicitors Arkle Novice Steeplechase
1. Footpad 4/9 fav
2. Petit Mouchoir 3/1
3. Any Second Now 8/1
2.55pm – Coral Sandyford Handicap Steeplechase
1. Patricks Park 6/1
2. Three Stars 25/1
3. Tully East 7/1
3.30pm – BHP Insurance Irish Champion Hurdle
1. Supasundae 8/1
2. Faugheen 9/10 fav
3. Mick Jazz 8/1
4.05pm – Coral Hurdle
1. Off You Go 6/1
2. Deal D'estruval 9/1
3. Grand Partner 33/1
4.40pm – Goffs Future Stars (C&G) INH Flat Race
1. Blackbow 11/4 fav
2. Rhinestone 4/1
3. Brace Yourself 7/2
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
An outreach project that helps disabled people get into the countryside is to have its official launch at Nostell Priory.
Wild About Wakefield, which was established by Open Country in September last year, is holding its launch event at the National Trust property on Sunday, March 25.
The event will see their existing members, both from Harrogate and Wakefield, come together with new people in the community, sharing their love of the outdoors in a range of ways.
Activities will include guided walks, nature tasks, a tandem taster session and a classic British picnic, weather permitting. Project officer Ella Dixon said: “Open Country has a long history of overcoming the barriers facing people with disabilities when accessing the countryside.
“It is great to watch our important work spreading into Wakefield and having such positive results already.”
Nostell has long been appreciated for disability access and in recent years has made even more improvements in their pathways and cycle routes.
To book your place at the launch call 01423 507227 or email wakefield@opencountry.org.uk.
Stock in Trade to bid farewell to the Marina crowd after six years
Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Stock in Trade dining room. Stock in Trade dining room. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle Image 2 of 3 Stock in Trade dining room. Stock in Trade dining room. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle Image 3 of 3 Stock in Trade beers. Stock in Trade beers. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle Stock in Trade to bid farewell to the Marina crowd after six years 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Stock in Trade (2036 Lombard St.), the Marina's late night spot for neighborhood bar hoppers in need of one last drink, some food and maybe even a boozy bocce ball session or two before heading home, will close its doors at the end of the month, ending a six-year run on Lombard Street.
The Stock in Trade team, via Instagram, said the business was sold, though they didn't dive into specifics when it came to the new owners.
“It's been an incredible run and we appreciate everybody who has supported us over the years, we truly loved being a part of your lives and hosting all the birthdays, engagement parties, graduation celebrations, rowdy brunches and late night dancing. We will miss all of you and this great community we've been blessed to be partnered with,” the post reads.
When Tod Alsman, Chris Fogarty, Cass Fegan and Vance Bernardin opened Stock in Trade back in 2012, they wanted the place to be a hangout for locals. Similarly, the business it replaced, La Barca, was a local spot for about five decades.
These days, the Marina food and drink scene is a hotbed of activity, especially in its number of places not solely courting the San Francisco local crowd. For example, there's the newish wine bar Parigo which has a weekends-only tiki bar pop-up in the works. The colorful Del Mar opened in the former HiFi Lounge space not too long ago, and Howell's wine bar on Chestnut Street is open in the former Mezes spot.
Stock in Trade: 2036 Lombard St.; closes end of April
Justin Philips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
Sanju Day 6 Box Office Early Trends: Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor and Vicky Kaushal has finally been released on the big screen and it is getting loved by one and all. Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film also stars Dia Mirza, Manisha Koirala, Paresh Rawal, Anushka Sharma, Sonam Kapoor and Boman Irani.
It is based on the real life events of Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt who was a drug addict and they faced a lot of issues in their young days. The trailer and posters left everyone stunned as Ranbir successfully donned Sanjay's look and it was on-point.
Leaving everyone behind, it got a super smashing opening by collecting 34.75 crores at the box office. The film currently stands at the total of 167.51 crores. Talking about the early trends, it is expected to rake in 18-20 crores today. That means the total collection will stand at 185-187 crores at the box office. Well, Hirani's magical direction and Ranbir's stellar performance have left everyone mesmerised. The weekday numbers prove that today content is the real king. Despite heavy rains, Sanju has managed to break records.
It has already surpassed the lifetime collections of Baaghi 2 in just 5 days. Now, it will also cross Race 3's lifetime collections too.
By the end of this week, Sanju will enter the 200 crore club making Ranbir's highest grossing films of all time. The film will also surpass the lifetime collections of Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani. Well, that's a huge achievement for the whole team.
The whole cast and crew recently celebrated the success of the film in style in Mumbai.
Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha has upped their target price on Apple from $160 to $170.
In a note to clients, Garcha affirms their ongoing belief that the market underestimates the gross profit contribution from Apple's growing Services business.
Garcha sees the growth potential and recurring revenue Apple's Services business drives in terms of retention. It also drives replacement cycles in Apple's hardware business.
Garcha also reiterates an Outperform rating on Apple shares.
MacDailyNews Note: Currently, in pre-market trading, Apple is off slightly ($-0.39, -0.27%) to $141.44.
[Thanks to MacDailyNews Readers “Fred Mertz” and “Dan K.” for the heads-up.]
HONG KONG, March 31 Hanergy Thin Film Power Group, the solar panel maker being investigated by Hong Kong's securities regulator, said its parent had paid down some overdue debt, part of a push to end an almost two-year share trading suspension.
Parent Hanergy Holding paid 1.5 billion yuan ($218 million) in overdue trade receivables on March 10, reducing the overdue amount owed to about HK$3.2 billion ($412 million), Hanergy said in a securities filing late on Thursday.
Founder and former Chairman Li Hejun also signed a "deed of guarantee" committing to pay the remainder of the funds over a period of two years after shares in Hanergy resume trading. Li pledged 1.4 billion Hanergy shares as collateral on the payment agreement. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
A SINGLE Ashley Irvin says they felt “blindsided” by Troy Delmege's decision to leave their relationship on Married At First Sight after saying they loved them
“I was very surprised. I can't imagine saying ‘I love you' to someone one week and then, a few weeks later, dumping them,” said Irvin, who also chose to leave during last night's vow renewal.
“He also had the chance to leave every week if they thought I was that mean, so I think I was blindsided.”
Camera Icon Ashely Irvin from Married At First Sight. Picture: Supplied, Channel 9 Camera Icon MAFS contestants Troy Delmege. Picture: Channel 9
Irvin said declaring their love for them during a fight was one of the “red flags” that made them question their motives for going on the show.
They told Confidential they were “absolutely single” and hoped to be “amicable” with Delmege, despite no possible romantic reconnection.
“I feel like we have bonded for life ... I would like to be friendly and amicable,” they said.
The Brisbane flight attendant, 29, said they only made up their mind the night before the vow renewal, adding that it was “one of the hardest decisions of my life”.
“In the back of my mind the whole time was that maybe not being around each other 24/7 we will do better,” they said.
“Despite what was on TV, Troy and I had a great time together.
“We got along like an old married boring couple, which I guess doesn't make good TV.
“But as lame as it was, it was my butterflies. I honestly don't think they brought out the best in me.
“It's disappointing that what I went on the show for I didn't get. It sucks. I'm not happy about (being single). I put myself out there, and that's all you can do.”
Irvin said they struggled watching their portrayal on the show, which they described as “negative and narky”.
“I'm usually bubbly and easygoing,” they said.
Facebook's making news again - this time for a data breach involving 50 million users. But as Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith, Myles Udland, Andy Serwer and Dan Howley discuss, the people using the platform aren't interested in the latest Facebook turmoil.
RICK BUCKLER AND IAN SNOWBALL
THE DEAD STRAIGHT GUIDE TO THE JAM
Red Planet (Paperback)
3 Stars
THE JAM: THE START TO ‘77
Self-Published (Paperback)
4 Stars
This pair of books on the British rockers The Jam are nice complements to the 2015 memoir by Rick Buckler, The Jam's drummer, which was titled That's Entertainment: My Life In The Jam. (Buckler's That's Entertainment was reviewed in the September 2015 issue of Goldmine—Ed.)
While That's Entertainment is Buckler's story, The Dead Straight Guide To The Jam is more of an overarching history of the band. Buckler joined The Jam in June 1973. The front of the book discusses how the band got together and its early years. The Jam were a trio: Buckler, Paul Weller (vocals and guitar), and Bruce Foxton (bass and vocals). But the importance of various people, including producer Vic Coppersmith-Heaven to band manager John Weller (Paul's father), as the “fourth member” of the band is discussed. Buckler also reveals that their label, Polydor, initially wanted to replace John Weller with a more experienced manager and that the band refused to sign unless the label let the senior Weller remain on board. One of the best bits of the book is Buckler's discussion of The Jam's disdain for making videos, how the band hated having to act in videos and the video shoots that sometimes seemed endless. The book also includes interesting insights from Buckler on what they consider to be The Jam's top 50 songs, a discussion of cover versions by The Jam, tour dates, awards, books about The Jam and the individual members, and a listing of TV appearances. A good piece by Simon Wells on The Jam's final concert in Brighton, England in December 1982 is also featured.
The Jam: The Start To '77 is limited to 1,000 copies, all of which are signed by Buckler. The book tells the story of The Jam from their founding in the band's hometown of Woking, Surrey, England in 1972 through the end of 1977. The main emphasis of the book is on 1977, since that year was the start of The Jam's recording career and a year in which they released two albums of new material. The story is told in text by Buckler and co-author Ian Snowball while terrific drawings by Richard Schiller illustrate the book. It includes many comments by Buckler as well as remembrances from fans. The Jam's tour dates for 1977, which included their first shows in the United States, are listed toward the back of the book. A second illustrated book about The Jam that concerns 1978 through the breakup of the band at the end of 1982 is in the works.
Eastern Lightning Church of the Almight God. Have you heard of Eastern Lightning? If not, hang on because it's quite a story.
Eastern Lightning is also known as the Church of the Almighty God, Church of the True God, Church of the Everlasting Fountain, and Real God and it's a growing *cult in mainland China, Hong Kong, Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Australia, Europe, Canada and the United States.
Even though Eastern Lightning is believed by some to have more than a million members in mainland China, it is small in comparison with China's population of about 1.4 billion people. (Some estimates are less than 100,000 adherents in China)
EL (as it is sometimes referred) is a relatively new cult and uses deception, sex and violence to grow bigger and flex its muscles on the back of a middle-aged Chinese woman that church members believe is the ‘Almighty God' on earth.
The purpose for this post is simply this – be warned.
The Founder
The cult is reported to have begun about 25 years ago by Zhao Weishan **. They proclaim that the Almighty God has come to earth in the form of a Chinese woman and bases that claim on what Jesus said almost 2,000 years ago:
The Female Christ
The woman's name is Yang Xiangbin and is also known as the “female Christ.” According to recent reports, Yang and Zhao fled to the United States about 15 years ago and currently live in New York City's Chinatown and run Eastern Lightning's international organization online (with Chinese headquarters in Zhengzhou). They teach that God is now guiding humankind for a third time through Yang. According to Yang and Zhao, God's first guidance was in the Old Testament as Yaweh and Their second guidance was in the New Testament as Jesus Christ.
As with most cults, Eastern Lightning has its own ‘holy book,' known as The Word Appears in the Flesh: The Word Uttered by God Who Came Hiddenly in the End Time. The date of original writing is February 28, 1992. The English translation is dated January 29, 2008. That translation includes: Preface, Attached Pieces 1-3, The Interpretation of the Mystery of God's Word (Attached Pieces of God's Word 6-14), and The Words of the Incarnated Son of Man During Their Walk in the Churches.
The book is deceptive in that the truth of what the cult believes is hidden from clear view. Instead of using the name Yang Xiangbin, the book addresses a correct response to God and Their “Christ.” The “Christ” of Eastern Lightning is Yang Xiangbin.
The Origin
Here is how Eastern Lightning explains how this came to be in “The Origin and Development of the Church of Almighty God:”
As we read through The Church of Almighty God website, we read quotes from both The Word Appears in the Flesh and the New Testament of the Holy Bible as if they are on equal footing as the inspired Word of God.
** Some believe Eastern Lightning may have had its theological beginnings as far back as Witness Lee. (Interesting article about personal experience with Eastern Lightning by William Bennett)
The Beliefs
Jesus Christ is a created being.
The Trinity is a false doctrine.
Jesus Christ did not complete Their work on earth, so God sent a woman (Jesus' sister?) to complete Their 6,000-year plan to save humanity.
Because Jesus did not complete Their work on earth, salvation through the sacrifice of Jesus on the Cross is not effective in saving a person's soul.
Jesus did not rise from the dead and will not return again.
God has already returned to earth as a Chinese woman (Yang Xiangbin)
The Bible is outdated and not authoritative.
The Christian mission organization China For Jesus details some of the beliefs of Eastern Lightning here.
The Methods
The cult is known for using deception, coercion, entrapment, kidnapping, sex and violence to gain new converts. There are many reports about Eastern Lightning's acts of violence (here, here and here). One of its methods for getting access to many of the true Christian house churches in China is “Spying and Paving the Way” – a method of infiltrating orthodox churches.
China for Jesus explains The Characteristics of the Eastern Lightning Cult at Its Different Stages along with recommended countermeasures. The stages include The Primitive Stage, The Violent Stage, The Sexual Enticement Stage, The Crafty Stage and a Fifth Stage that was unnamed when the report was written.
The Media
Eastern Lightning is savvy in working with media: including books, video, stage plays, musicals, audio, photos, art and websites – including live chat. They also have special media aimed at reaching children. Books include The Word Becomes Flesh, The Lightning Comes from the East, The Holy Spirit Speaks to All the Churches, and God's Work through Their Secret Appearing.
Eastern Lightning presents itself as the “persecuted church” in China and has almost 100 video “Persecution Experience Testimonies.” The church's premise is that “judgment begins with God's family” and that the government of China – which Eastern Lightning calls the “Great Red Dragon” predicted in Revelation – is the persecutor of the church.
The Conclusion
Eastern Lightning is a dangerous ‘cult.' It is not part of orthodox Christianity and should not be trusted. Christians should beware of the danger involved – spiritual and physical.
* India biggest importer of petcoke, mainly from U.S.
* India top court to hear case on banning petcoke imports (Adds detail)
By Sudarshan Varadhan
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - India's government is in favour of banning imports of petroleum coke on environmental grounds, according to a government affidavit filed with the country's top court, which could be a big blow to U.S. refiners who export heavily to the country.
The Supreme Court, which in October banned the use of petroleum coke in and around New Delhi in a bid to clean the air in one of the world's most polluted cities, is scheduled to hear a case on its use across the country later on Monday.
India is the world's biggest consumer of petroleum coke, better known as petcoke, which is a dark solid carbon material that emits 11 percent more greenhouse gases than coal, according to the Carnegie–Tsinghua Center for Global Policy. Burning it also emits several times more sulphur dioxide, which causes lung diseases and acid rain. Local producers include Indian Oil Corp, Reliance Industries and Bharat Petroleum Corp. The oil ministry has also told the Supreme Court that petcoke should only be used as feedstock, like in the cement industry, and not as fuel. A country-wide import ban would require replacing 14 million tonnes of petcoke a year with 24 million to 31 million tonnes of coal, according to industry calculations, most of which has to be imported. (Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan; Writing by Krisna N. Das; Editing by Joseph Radford)
In Kevin Macdonald's haunting and revelatory documentary Whitney, we hear audio of subject Whitney Houston talking about a recurring nightmare that followed them throughout their short life.
They were running from something, something big. A man, they wonder? The devil? In the dream, it never catches her, but they wake up exhausted.
And that's where the movie ends — exhaustion registering in the face of Houston near their sad end, dead at at 39 in 2012. By that time we know why she's worn down, at least based on evidence presented by Macdonald, who's assembled credible and candid inner-circle witnesses to them story.
Whitney portrays Houston as a giver in a world of takers, trying (often without much help) to juggle music and money, a fracturing family, a “fluid” sexuality that many close to them did not condone. Later a toxic marriage that was often on the front page, and something else — a secret history of alleged child abuse unknown until Macdonald digs it up.
Is it any wonder they imploded?
In the end they had lost their voice, the straight-from-heaven miracle that their soul singer mother Cissy noticed when Whitney was a young girl singing in church, always a place of happiness and refuge for “Nippy.”
There is audio of Whitney saying that in their world, “you had to go to church whether you liked it or not. I loved it.” They belonged there, if only because they sang like an angel. They were weaned on gospel, and as a young teen they learned from their professionally savvy mother to develop their voice the way a gifted talented athlete develops muscles and movement.
Cissy, a brother says, “was tough on Whitney, because they knew what they had.” They were also resolute, pushing their daughter to sing “legacy” music, with the chops and polish of a classic crooner and balladeer. Cissy knew what Whitney had, and soon, so did everybody — their '85 debut album Whitney set sales records for a female vocalist, as did many subsequent singles, notably “I Will Always Love You.”
They could do anything with their voice, except, perhaps, reveal to listeners how much suffering they had endured in their young life. They were devastated by their parents' divorce, by the infidelities that drove them apart. They thought their success would keep them happy and together, and of course they were wrong. They tried to keep family close in other ways – putting their brothers on payroll, paying their father as their business manager, their mother as their coach and enforcer. On the road, we learn, relatives doubled as drug suppliers.
Was Houston self-medicating? Certainly the pressures were multiple and severe. There was family hostility toward Robyn Crawford (not interviewed), the woman with whom Houston lived, and with whom the sexually “fluid” singer (a term used in the movie) had a long-term relationship.
It ended when they married pop star Bobby Brown, a famously fraught union – there is footage of Houston trying to help Brown through a recording session, help that they obviously resent. Houston's decline accelerates – soon they were unable to attend to their music, their daughter, or herself.
Macdonald has bombshell news here about alleged child abused suffered by Whitney and at least one brother, and Whitney is a bit glib in holding up this news as an explains-it-all answer to their myriad problems. They had so many, and so little help.
Nonetheless, Whitney offers an informed and moving portrait of a complex, talented woman who was poorly understood, and often cruelly judged.
MOVIES
Whitney
Should the publicly owned Cow Palace host gun shows?
The frequency of observable criminal activity at gun shows in California is lower than at gun shows in other states. But the credit for this goes to the people of California, not to the people who organize gun shows.
California requires that sales of guns from one private party to another involve a licensed retailer so that a background check is conducted and a record is kept. We regulate gun shows and their organizers and frequently station undercover law enforcement officers at shows, who intervene when they detect illegal transactions or illegal merchandise. As a result, gun shows here are not followed by spikes in crime in neighboring communities.
In other states, including our next-door neighbors Nevada and Arizona, the situation is quite different.
Direct private-party sales are very common. They are legal if the purchaser is not a prohibited person, but that question is rarely asked. Clearly illegal transactions, such as straw purchases, are six times as common in other states as they are in California and are conducted in the open; the participants clearly have no concern that they might be apprehended.
California's strict regulations can be undermined by such unregulated activity nearby. As a violence prevention researcher, I frequent gun shows. More than once I found that nearly a third of vehicles in parking lots for gun shows in Nevada were from California. Not surprisingly, gun shows in Nevada are associated with spikes in crime in nearby areas of California.
Robert Templeton, CEO of Crossroads of the West Gun Shows, quoted me in an Open Forum in which they opposed a ban on gun shows at the Cow Palace, the state-owned fairgrounds in Daly City. Gun sellers at Crossroads shows follow the shows from state to state, which can also facilitate criminal activity in California. At a Crossroads show near San Diego, I listened as a customer sought to buy multiple assault-type weapons, which would have been illegal on several grounds. The seller declined, but said that they would make the sale a few weeks later at a Crossroads show in Phoenix.
The Crossroads shows at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix for many years included what I believe to have been the largest open-air market for anonymous private-party firearm sales in the country. Inside the show, private parties with tables full of guns made frequent sales with no effort to determine whether the buyer was a prohibited person. I observed straw purchases, and purchases of multiple assault-type weapons, in what appeared to be trafficking transactions. The show provided a venue for vendor Dieter Bueschgen, a notorious purveyor of Nazi memorabilia whose national reputation made them the subject of an exposé in the Southern Poverty Law Center's 2008 Intelligence Report. Other vendors sold “Mein Kampf” and the infamous “The Turner Diaries.”
Thanks to continuing efforts by California policymakers and law enforcement officials, I believe it is likely that gun shows here are less likely to facilitate violence than they are in other states. Whether that is sufficient reason to provide a publicly owned venue like the Cow Palace for them to continue is a question for the voters.
Garen Wintemute is the founding director of the Violence Prevention Research Program and holds the Baker-Teret Chair in Violence Prevention at UC Davis. They practice and teaches emergency medicine at UC Davis Medical Center.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Alex Smith has known all along that they were going to report to the Kansas City Chiefs' practice facility Monday, and they knew pretty much down to the minute what the rest of the day would entail.
They didn't know their plans for the rest of the week until Sunday.
In the span of four sweet hours, Smith went from potentially spending the entire week getting ready for a road playoff game to having the rest of it off.
Coach Andy Reid said Monday they were releasing their players following their normal weekly meetings, a reward for their victory over San Diego that, coupled with Oakland's loss at Denver, gave them the AFC West title and a much-needed first-round bye.
“For us, it was such a big swing,” Smith said. “That's kind of a credit to our division, I think, of how well they've been playing. Yeah, we took care of our end and obviously got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet when we saw the score there at the end.”
It is difficult to understate how important earning a bye was for the Chiefs.
Start with the health factor: Kansas City limped into the playoffs a year ago with a litany of injuries and, while they didn't matter in a road victory over Houston, they did in a loss to New England the next week.
Now, the Chiefs (12-4) have a chance to give star pass rusher Justin Houston, who has missed the past two games with knee inflammation, another week to get healthy.
Running back Spencer Ware has another week to rest their bruised ribs. And safety Eric Berry has a week to rest a heel injury from the win over San Diego.
Even Reid, who rarely uses injuries as an excuse, discussed the importance of health on Monday.
“Listen, I was good with last year's team. I thought we stood a chance. We were banged-up a little bit going in, we didn't have everybody, and you'd like to have seen it,” they said, “but you don't make excuses for it. We're probably a little bit more healthy this year than we were last year.”
The week off also gives the Chiefs more time to prepare for their divisional opponent in a game that will be played at Arrowhead Stadium.
And while they won't know who that will be until this weekend, Reid said that longtime assistant Tommy Brasher has already compiled scouting reports on each possibility.
Besides, the Chiefs have already faced all the potential opponents this season.
Then there is Reid's almost unassailable mark after a week off.  They are 16-2 in the regular season after a bye, including a road win over Oakland this season, and was perfect in three divisional games in Philadelphia when their team earned a first-round playoff bye.
One of those seasons ended with the Eagles playing in the Super Bowl.
“I mean, every team is crazy different, it's just — I don't know. Every situation in this league is different, every game is different,” they said.
“I know the bye normally doesn't hurt you. It's normally a good thing to have if you handle it the right way. The players, I have enough trust in them to handle it the right way. The coaches will handle it the right way. And when we get back, we'll handle the week the right way.”
It's not just the players that are getting some time off this week, either.
Thanks to Brasher working ahead, Reid said he's giving their coaching staff a few extra days to spend with their families.
They will reconvene later in the week to begin putting together game plans, and then watch the wild-card round unfold to see who they will face on Jan. 15 at Arrowhead Stadium.
“Last year we felt like we left a lot of that on the field, not being able to secure the division and taking the wild-card route, which is tough,” Chiefs safety Daniel Sorensen said.
“So that was our focus this year. We wanted to win the division. We wanted to get that first-round bye.
“We play really, really well in front of our fans and at home,” they added. “We want to bring opponents into our place and have the advantage and set us up for the next step of going to the Super Bowl.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The European Parliament members still have a chance to reject controversial trade deal between the European Union and Canada, known as CETA, as its implementation will undermine democracy and the rule of law in Europe, Greenpeace EU trade policy adviser Shira Stanton said on Wednesday.
"Endorsing CETA plays into the hands of populists and extremists from Europe to North America. And just as the world feels the impact of a corporate takeover in Washington, CETA [the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement] threatens to undermine democracy and the rule of law in Europe, for the benefit of a handful of multinationals. Elected representatives from each EU country still have a chance to stop this toxic trade deal and take a stand for people and nature," Stanton said in a press release.
The call to reject CETA came as the European parliamentarians are preparing for a vote later on Wednesday on ratification of this free trade deal aimed at most trade barriers' elimination.
While the largest political group in the European Parliament, the European People's Party that holds 217 seats, as well as the third- and fourth-largest blocs, the European Conservatives and Reformists and Alliance of Liberals and Democrats, all support the deal, the second-largest bloc – that of Socialist and Democrats (S&D) with 189 votes — has been split on the CETA issue. As S&D rapporteur on CETA Sorin Moisa told journalists, the group members met late Tuesday with some 65 percent of its lawmakers voting in favor of CETA a day before the official vote.
Green lawmakers as well as far-right nationalist members of parliament, like the UK Independence Party (UKIP) and French National Front members, are reported to oppose the trade deal.
On Thursday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is scheduled to leave for Brussels to speak to European lawmakers to celebrate and promote the new deal provided it is given a green light.
If approved, Canada and the European Union may provisionally apply over 90 percent of the deal within months. The rest must be ratified by individual EU member countries.
Probiotic Capsules Market is expected to grow at a significant CAGR in the upcoming years as the scope and its applications are rising enormously across the globe. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and the World Health Organization (WHO) define Probiotics as live microorganisms which when administered in suitable amounts confer a health benefit on the host. Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, and Saccharomyces are found in probiotics. Yeast is also known as a probiotic substance. Probiotic capsules are preferred to prevent cramping, diarrhea, and gas caused by antibiotics as they kill beneficial bacteria along with the bacteria that cause illness.
View Full Report with TOC @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-capsules-market
The Key Factor That Drives the Growth of Probiotics Capsules Market Research Report by Trends, Applications, Analysis, Growth, and Forecast: 2017 to 2026
Top Key Manufacturers of Probiotics Capsules market are :-
Airborne
Natrol
American Health
Nutrition Now
Irwin Naturals
Phillips
Probiotic Capsules Market by Product Type:
Digestive Support
Immune Support
Probiotic Capsules Market by Applications:
Child
Adult
Geographical Analysis of Probiotics Capsules Market:-
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
The factors that are playing a major role in the growth of Probiotics Capsules Market are, it supports a normal and healthy bowel pattern, it helps to maintain a healthy intestinal micro-ecology, supports lactose digestion, supports body's immune and inflammatory response, and assists with healthy digestion nutrient utilization.
Probiotic Capsules Market is segmented based on product types, distribution channel, end users, and region. Product types such as Digestive Enzymes Capsules, Complete Spore Restore Capsules, Complete Probiotics Capsules, Full Spectrum Enzymes Capsules, and others classify Probiotics Capsules Industry. Distribution channel such as Online Stores, Pharmacy, Supermarkets, and others classify Probiotics Capsules Market.
End users into The Aged, Children Use and Adults Use classify Probiotics Capsules Market. The market is segmented geographically Americas (North America, Latin America), Europe (Eastern Europe, Western Europe), Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Globally, Europe accounts for the largest market share of Probiotics Capsules Industry and are estimated to lead the overall market in the upcoming years. The reason being, high demand for probiotic dietary supplements and presence of key manufacturers in this region. North America and Asia Pacific follow suit. On the other hand, Asia Pacific is estimated to grow at fastest pace in the upcoming years. The reason being, growing population, rising standard of living, and rising disposable income. The emerging countries like India and China are the major consumer of Probiotics Capsules Market.
Request a Sample Copy of This Report @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-capsules-market/request-sample
Get in touch
At A Million Insights, we work with the aim to reach the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Our representatives strive to understand diverse client requirements and cater to the same with the most innovative and functional solutions.
Contact Person:
Ryan Manuel
Research Support Specialist, USA
Email: ryan@millioninsights.com
A Million Insights
Office No. 302, 3rd Floor, Manikchand Galleria,
Model Colony, Shivaji Nagar, Pune, MH, 411016 India
tel: 91-20-65300184
Email: sales@millioninsights.com
Visit Our Blog: www.millioninsights.blogspot.com
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Russia is capable of reacting swiftly to the possible deployment of nuclear weapons at the US and NATO bases in Eastern Europe and the Baltics in line with the recently issued US Nuclear Posture Review, Frants Klintsevich, first deputy chairperson of the Russian upper house's Committee on Defense and Security, told Sputnik Saturday.
"If the US aviation equipped with nuclear weapons is deployed at the [US] bases in Eastern Europe and NATO bases in the Baltics, at the former Soviet military airfields and airfields of the former Warsaw Pact countries, Russia will, of course, redirect everything [toward these targets] swiftly," Klintsevich said.
Russia will be forced to protect itself from such possible threats, the lawmaker added.
© AP Photo/ Los Alamos National Laboratory Japan Highly Appreciates New US Nuclear Posture Review - Foreign Minister
According to the 2018 US Nuclear Posture Review , published on Friday, the country will maintain and enhance the capability to deploy nuclear bombers and dual-capable aircraft around the world, and it is committed to working with NATO to ensure the readiness and operational effectiveness of such aircraft based in Europe.
The United States will also incorporate nuclear capability onto the F-35 bombers, which would be used as a replacement for the current aging dual-capable aircraft.
READ MORE: Eagle's Claws Blunted: What's Driving US Effort to Modernize Its Nuclear Arsenal
Over the past years, the United States and NATO have been increasing their military build-up in Eastern Europe and Baltic countries, explaining such actions by the need to protect from alleged Russian aggression.
Moscow has repeatedly stated that Russia has never planned to attack any NATO member, with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov saying that NATO recognizes the fact, but uses it as a pretext to deploy more equipment and battalions next to Russian borders.
STATE OF MINNESOTA
COUNTY OF CHISAGO
TENTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT
DISTRICT COURT
PROBATE DIVISION
Court File No.:13-PR-17-12
Estate of
Raymond Eugene Mullner,
also known as Raymond E. Mullner,
Decedent
Notice is given that an application for informal probate of the Decedents Will, dated January 17, 1990, (Will), has been filed with the Registrar. The application has been granted.
Notice is also given that the Registrar has informally appointed Mary K. Mullner, whose address is 1429 Mechanic Ave., St. Paul, MN 55106, as personal representative of the Estate of the Decedent. Any heir, devisee or other interested person may be entitled to appointment as personal representative or may object to the appointment of the personal representative. Unless objections are filed with the Court (pursuant to Minnesota Statutes section 524.3-607) and the Court otherwise orders, the personal representative has full power to administer the Estate, including, after 30 days from the date of issuance of letters, the power to sell, encumber, lease or distribute real estate.
Any objections to the probate of the Will or appointment of the Personal Representative must be filed with this Court and will be heard by the Court after the filing of an appropriate petition and proper notice of hearing.
Notice is also given that (subject to Minnesota Statutes section 524.3-801) all creditors having claims against the Estate are required to present the claims to the personal representative or to the Court Administrator within four months after the date of this Notice or the claims will be barred.
Dated: February 8. 2017
Barbara Peterson
Registrar
Kathleen Karnowski
Court Administrator
Attorney for Personal Representative
Micheal Fleming
Ledin, Hofstad, Troth & Fleming,
Ltd.
539 Main Street S.
Pine City, MN 55063
Attorney License No: 0396467
Telephone: (320) 629-7537
FAX: (320) 629-2479
Email: [email protected]
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 22, 2017
652540
MONTREAL — Bell Canada and the union representing 5,000 of its office workers in Quebec and Ontario have begun negotiating a new collective agreement.
Unifor, the union representing Bell's clerical employees, says its number one priority is to prevent more jobs from being outsourced to foreign countries.
Quebec director for Unifor, Renaud Gagne, said since 2006 the company's workforce in Canada declined from 12,000 to 5,000.
They say many of those jobs have been outsourced worldwide.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Europic chloride is also known as Europium trichloride, Europium chloride (EuCl3), Europium chloride (Eu2Cl6), Europium chloride (VAN), and Europium (III) chloride anhydrous. Europium is available in high quality minerals such as calcium aluminum silicates. It is a soft and silvery metal such as lead. Europium is known to be the rarest and most reactive earth metals (minerals, monazite, bastnasite, xenotime, and loparite). Monazite metal comprises rare earth elements (up to 50% concentrations). Monazite can be found in river sand in countries such as Brazil, South Africa, and India.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/europic-chloride-market.html
Bastnasite is also one of the rarest earth metal found in the desert called Mojave in California. Europium is primarily used in light emitting compounds called phosphors. The accessibility of brighter red phosphors is used to get brighter colored televisions. Europium oxide phosphors provide red and blue light, which can be used individually or in combination of yellow-green phosphor to provide white light. Europium phosphors are used in fluorescent lighting, televisions, and some LEDs. Additionally, europium is used in lasers and other optoelectronic applications.
Europic chloride (EuCl3) is an inorganic compound. It is also called as Europium (III) chloride anhydrous. The anhydrous compound can rapidly absorb water to form a white crystalline hexahydrate (EuCl3·6H2O), which is a yellow solid. White crystalline hexahydrate is colorless. Europic chloride is one of the excellent water soluble crystalline sources. These chloride compounds can generate electricity when dissolved or fused in water. Chloride materials can be decomposed by electrolysis into metal and chlorine gas, which are formed through various chlorination processes. In energy efficient fluorescent lighting, Europic metals provides red as well as blue lighting. Europium is found in various minerals such as monazite, bastnasite, loparite and xenotime.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20489
Growth in the chemical industry is expected to drive the europic chemical application, as it is one of the rarest found metals in earth core. Inhalation Europic chemical causes immediate defecation, writhing, incoordination, labored breathing, and inactivity. It can also cayuse death due to respiratory and heart failure. Therefore, it is not used as a commercial source
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
From 2015, WebRTC VPN bug are always leaks our real IP, even if you are using VPN service, these IP leaks are not stop. But from then on, many VPN service providers are looking for a way to solve this problem. Good news is that, most VPN service providers can hide your IP now.
March 27, 2018，Stagno has tested 124VPNs and Proxy providers and 20 of them leaks users' IPs via WebRTC (16.13%), 101 of them are keeping your IP hidden. You can visit Google Docs to see the complete list, by the way, yestoday we publish an article about VPN Logging Policy, you guys can take a look at it. And we still put Logging policy information in WebRTC doc.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WE6HIAmZyL1m3MqAfLnR7Fxvdap4DNom2hcaZeEj0uI/edit?usp=sharing_eil&ts=5ad7659c
The following providers leak users' IP:
Astrill
BlackVPN
ChillGlobal (Chrome and Firefox Plugin)
CyrenVPN
Glype (Depends on the configuration)
hide-me.org
Hola!VPN
Hola!VPN (Chrome Extension)
Hoxx VPN (Firefox Browser Plugin)
HTTP PROXY in browser that support Web RTC
IBVPN (Browser Addon)
PHP Proxy
piratebayproxy.co
psiphon3 (not leaking if using L2TP/IP)
SmartHideProxy
SOCKS Proxy on browsers with Web RTC enabled
SumRando Web Proxy
TOR as PROXY on browsers with Web RTC enabled
Windscribe Addons (Browser Extension/Plugin)
The complete list not include all VPN service and the logging policies, you can test your VPN if you can't find it in the list.
Here are some web-pages can help you to test ip leak.
https://www.expressvpn.com/webrtc-leak-test
https://ip.voidsec.com/
https://ipleak.net/
If you find out that your VPN leaks your real IP, then you can disable WebRTC on your browsers manually or install the Add-on. Because most browsers still enable WebRTC by default except the Tor Browser, Edge, and Internet Explorer.
You can google the methods or go to http://vpnif.com/tools-ipleak-test-ipv6-leak-test-and-dnsleak-test/.
Which VPN service can protect our privacy when we use WebRTC. We list them from the detailed list, and we rank them, so you can pick the best one.
ExpressVPN: Best one VPN service I think, and it is strict No Logging VPN.
NordVPN(77% discount):Perfect VPN, and perfect logging policy, more important is the price.
StrongVPN: As the name, it's strong and No logging.
Private Internet Access(58% discount): No logging VPN, it's popular in US.
VyprVPN: Old VPN service provider.
HideMyAss: Famous VPN too.
CyberGhost
BTGuard
BolehVPN
CactusVPN
AirVPN
Ivacy
LiquidVPN
SaferVPN
PureVPN(78% discount)
Torguard
SwitchVPN
Zone
Windscribe VPN
SecureVPN.com
PrivateVPN
Ironsocket
IPVanish
Hide My IP
Boxpn
FlyVPN
IBVPN
ProXPN
Proxy.sh
VPN Gate(Free)
VPNbook(Free)
ZoogVPN
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
BERLIN (AP) - Austria's Constitutional Court says it will consider whether a third gender should be an option for official records, taking up the case of a person who unsuccessfully sought to have their entry changed to "inter" or a similar word.
The court said in a statement on Monday that an initial review raised concerns that having to list one's gender as female or male contravenes the privacy protections enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights.
The highest court in neighboring Germany ruled in November that people must be allowed to appear in official records as neither male nor female. It said authorities should create a third identity or scrap gender entries altogether.
It gave the German government until the end of this year to address the issue.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Villanova's Sweet 16 matchup is against an old Big East Conference foe
Villanova's Sweet 16 matchup is against an old Big East Conference foe Mar 19
Former Big East rivals Jay Wright and Bob Huggins set to meet in Sweet 16
Former Big East rivals Jay Wright and Bob Huggins set to meet in Sweet 16 Mar 19
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985. Their current beats are Penn State football, college basketball, golf, and the Penn Relays. A graduate of Temple University, they also worked for 10 years with United Press International, the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor.
Villanova's Sweet 16 matchup against West Virginia in Friday night's East Region semifinals at TD Garden in Boston will bring together two former Big East rivals.
The two teams played 23 games from the time of the Mountaineers' entry into the league in the 1995-96 season until 2011-12, their last season before going to the Big 12. The Wildcats held a 12-11 advantage against West Virginia in those contests.
Asked after their team's 94-71 second-round victory Sunday night over Marshall if they remembered anything about Villanova from the Big East days, West Virginia coach Bob Huggins quipped, “I can't remember what I had for breakfast.”
“No, it's a different team,” Huggins said. “Jay [Wright] does a great job. I've got great respect for Jay and what they do. We had great battles in the Big East.
“We spend so much time looking at film of who we're going to play that we really don't watch a lot of basketball from other leagues and things. I've seen bits and pieces and highlights on ESPN. But I don't know very much about them.”
Huggins, who succeeded John Beilein as West Virginia coach in 2007, is 3-3 against Wright.
The Mountaineers (26-10), seeded No. 5, are in the Sweet 16 for the eighth time since 1998. They are known for a relentless press that forced 18 turnovers against Marshall, including eight from top scorer Jon Elmore.
In NCAA statistics compiled before Sunday night's game, WVU was second in turnover margin (plus-5.3 per game), 10th in forced turnovers (16.49) and 14th in both steals (8.1) and blocked shots (5.2). The team also pulls down an average of 14 offensive rebounds, fourth nationally.
Senior guard Jevon Carter, a good bet to repeat as national defensive player of the year, is second in the nation in steals and 12th in assists. Sagaba Korate, a 6-foot-8 sophomore center, is third in blocked shots at 3.29 per game.
Carter had 28 points, five assists and five steals against Marshall. According to TBS, they are the first player to go 28-5-5 in an NCAA tournament game since Georgetown's Allen Iverson in 1996.
“We are just happy to keep playing,” Carter said. “This is March. This is what we came to do. We don't just want to go to the Sweet 16. We want to win it all. So we'll go back, prepare for Villanova, watch a lot of film, and get ready for the next game.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
An animal rights organization says it will erect a billboard to honor the chickens who died near Battle Ground, Washington last week.
Scroll for more content...
The animals died when a semi-truck attempted an illegal U-turn, tipping over and spilling the chickens across the road, law enforcement said.
The billboard will be placed by the crash site and encourage people to "go vegan", People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) said.
The ad will show a chicken's face next to the words "I'm ME, Not MEAT. See the Individual. Go Vegan."
The Foster Farms truck was hauling more than 5,000 chickens when the driver crashed on state route 502 at 29th Avenue north of Clark County, according to Washington State Patrol.
The driver, who was new to the route and headed to a nearby Foster Farms plant, was not hurt.
Many of the chickens were dead, but some were still alive, WSP said.
PETA said in a statement Monday the crash "left countless birds dead or mangled."
The nonprofit organization said they hope the billboard will remind motorists that they can help prevent future chicken deaths by keeping "smart, sensitive chickens off the road" by going vegan.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Tennessee Titans are out of town this week, and veteran linebacker Brian Orakpo couldn't be happier.
The franchise decided once the NFL schedule came out in mid-April to spend the week between back-to-back road games against the Cardinals and the San Francisco 49ers in Arizona.
The main reason? Cut down the travel to keep players a bit fresher for the final month of the season.
It's a decision made by lots of NFL teams over the years. New England spent the week after beating Denver in Colorado for high-altitude training at the Air Force Academy before playing in Mexico City last month — and winning. Philadelphia spent the past week in the Los Angeles area after a loss in Seattle — and then beat the Rams.
Advertisement
“I totally agree with what we're doing because the jet lag is vicious,” Orakpo said. “There's definitely a setback, and also the time difference, getting used to the time difference on the West Coast, there's all these different elements. It really helps if we just stayed out there, not have to worry so much traveling back and forth because it's a lot of mileage, especially when you're trying to play at a high level in a football game.”
Spending a week away from home during the season is something that neither the Titans nor coach Mike Mularkey had ever done. The Titans, who relocated to Tennessee from Houston in 1997, are among the six NFL teams yet to play in London, and they left Nashville for training camp only once in 21 seasons.
The motivation is simple.
“We're trying to eliminate distractions,” Philadelphia coach Doug Pederson said. “It's hard when you've got back-to-back West Coast trips like this, to be able to fly back home and then practice and come back out this way at the end of the week. So, try to keep the week as normal as possible for the guys, for the coaches.”
The actual process of relocating an NFL team for a week during the regular season requires months of planning. Brent Akers, the director of team operations for the Titans, and their colleagues made at least seven trips to the hotel where the team is staying. They even rewired the building, so the Titans could simply plug on Monday and start working as if back home at the team's headquarters.
Packing wasn't easy either.
A 53-foot truck left Nashville on Dec. 5 headed to Arizona filled with 40,000 pounds of equipment including:
—A Juggs machine for firing balls at players at practice.
—Down markers.
—Six water coolers for practices.
—New computers, projectors and TV monitors to be ready and waiting for the Titans rather than pack up all that gear.
—Tape and other gear needed by trainers to treat injuries between games.
—Cleats.
—Uniforms.
—And yes, weights. Strength coach Steve Watterson has an area set aside for workouts because the Titans must lift between games.
At the hotel in Arizona, the Titans are using about 80,000 square feet of meeting space, not counting rooms for sleeping:
—Offices for everyone from general manager Jon Robinson and Mularkey and position coaches to the media relations department preparing for their next game in San Francisco.
—A ballroom now is a locker room.
—Meeting rooms turned into a cafeteria.
—A training room.
—And yes, a workout space for all those weights.
The Titans will only have to travel to Arizona State for practices, though Tuesday remains the players' off day. Safety Johnathan Cyprien, who spent a week in London with the Jaguars, knew what to expect.
“Oh yeah, we're stuck together,” Cyprien said. “We'll be stuck together kind of like college. You know, where you go to practice, you go to class and you sleep in the same room with the same guys all day. You have no choice but to get closer when you're put in those situations.”
Lastly, lots and lots of bags for essentially three separate trips in the span of 10 days. Usually, a road trip features 125 to 130 people, but this extended stay has 171 with the practice squad and other employees needed for a game week. Players alone will have at least three bags apiece.
On Sunday night, the Titans will board their third different airplane, which must be big enough to carry home all that gear.
Only time, and the three remaining games, will determine how helpful the travel plans were for Tennessee. Of course, both the Patriots and Eagles won after spending a week away, and Philadelphia went home as NFC East champs . The Titans (8-5) are hoping for a similar benefit trying to end an eight-season playoff drought coming off a 12-7 loss to Arizona.
“It's an opportunity for us to get away together as a team,” Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota said. “I think that's going to benefit us and bring this team closer. I do think it will help us down the stretch.”
___
AP Pro Football Writer Dave Campbell and AP Sports Writers Greg Beacham and Tim Booth contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
The Federal Government will release figures today showing more than half of the 100,000 West Australians set to lose money under Labor's new tax policy are on taxable incomes of less than $18,200, as the major parties continue to spar over who will be the hardest hit by the crackdown.
Finance Minister Mathias Cormann will release the breakdown of income data for those affected in WA as they heat up the campaign against Opposition Leader Bill Shorten's move to end tax credit refunds for share investors.
Nationally, more than a million people are expected to be affected, including 21,000 full or part-pensioners in WA among the 100,000 individuals across the State set to lose money.
Just over 50 per cent of individuals claiming the tax credit refunds from the Australian Taxation Office in WA are on a taxable income of less than $18,200, with about 32 per cent on a taxable income of between $18,201 and $37,000.
However, taxable income is not necessarily reflective of an individual's wealth, with retirees able to hold substantial assets and still be receiving an income that is not taxable, such as payments from their superannuation fund.
The new policy will cap cash refunds for shareholders who claim tax credits on dividends. The West Australian The new policy will cap cash refunds for shareholders who claim tax credits on dividends.
The figures also reveal there are almost 20,000 self-managed super funds in WA getting franking credit refunds in WA, about 10 per cent of the 201,000 self-managed funds nationally. Senator Cormann said Labor's policy was clawing back money that “does not belong to the Government” and accused Mr Shorten of using technical language to confuse voters.
Labor has been buoyed by the policy failing to dent the party's fortunes at the weekend's Batman by-election in Melbourne, won by former ACTU president Ged Kearney.
Frontbencher Anthony Albanese indicated the party would stand firm on the proposal, despite modelling from Industry Super released yesterday showing 350,000 retirees could escape the policy if a $1000 cap on payments was applied.
“We've been quite up-front about the fact that it is simply unsustainable to the Budget that you have more money going in terms of payments to people who haven't actually paid any personal income tax,” they said.
A 29-year-old Garden City man was killed Thursday in an officer-involved shooting.
Deputies with the Finney County Sheriff's Office were called around noon Thursday to an unmaintained road about 15 miles southwest of Garden City, where a man was seen behaving erratically, according to a news release.
The first deputy to arrive at the scene found the man holding a knife to their own throat. When the man saw the deputy, they got inside their vehicle and locked the doors.
A second deputy, along with a Garden City police officer, arrived to assist. While they were trying to speak with the man, they got out of the car and charged toward the officers.
Two officers, one from each agency, fired shots at the man. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Authorities have not released the man's name.
The Kansas Bureau of Investigation is investigating the incident. The results of that investigation will be turned over to the Finney County Attorney for review.
To help keep STEM scholars in New Jersey after graduation, Gov. Phil Murphy is proposing two state-funded programs to address the affordability issue head-on for those pursuing careers in the coveted sector.
The first initiative is designed to aid New Jersey students seeking degrees related to science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) who commit to working here after they graduate by forgiving up to $8,000 of their student-loan debt.
The other program will use the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development to encourage more companies to offer STEM students their first paid internship, which can often lead to a well-paying job right out of college.
Click here for the full article »
FILE - In this May 24, 2018 file photo, President Donald Trump, left, and heavyweight champion boxer, Lennox Lewis, right, watch as Sylvester Stallone gestures in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, where Trump granted a posthumous pardon to Jack Johnson, boxing's first black heavyweight champion. Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African American heavyweight champion. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
FILE - In this May 24, 2018 file photo, President Donald Trump, left, and heavyweight champion boxer, Lennox Lewis, right, watch as Sylvester Stallone gestures in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, where Trump granted a posthumous pardon to Jack Johnson, boxing's first black heavyweight champion. Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African American heavyweight champion. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that their newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as they signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to their attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
Stallone has said Johnson was the basis for the character Apollo Creed in the "Rocky" films. The 71-year-old actor is currently in production on "Creed II" with MGM.
MADRID (AP) — Spain and Portugal have issued warnings of high winds and heavy rain as a storm reaches the Iberian Peninsula from the Atlantic.
Spain's weather service has issued its highest warning level – “red” for extreme risk – for the adverse conditions Sunday generated by Storm Ana. It says the biggest threat to public safety will be the strong winds, which could reach 120 kph (74 mph) in mountainous regions and the country's northwest.
Portugal's weather service has also issued warnings of extreme risk due to high winds for its northern and central areas.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Superstore fans, prepare to be transported to Cloud 9: NBC has renewed the America Ferrera-fronted comedy for a 22-episode third season.
RELATED2017 Renewal Scorecard: What's Coming Back? What's Getting Cancelled? What's on the Bubble?
“We are extremely proud of Superstore, which is one of the smartest and funniest comedies on television today,” said Jennifer Salke, President, NBC Entertainment, in a statement. “Through the show's expertly drawn characters, our producers and cast do a remarkable job touching on many issues in which audiences can relate. To its credit, not only does Superstore make us laugh, but it makes us think as well.”
Season to date, Superstore has averaged a 1.8 rating in adults 18-49 and 5.7 million viewers overall in Live+7 data.
The pickup comes on the heels of NBC's renewal of fellow Thursday-night comedy The Good Place.
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fixstars Corp
* Says it will set up a Kanagawa-based JV with Fusic CO.,LTD., on Feb. 9
* The JV will be engaged in provision of software development platform
* The JV will be capitalized at 30 million yen and the company will hold 66.6 percent stake in the JV
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/2nuJyH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
After eight regular season games, and last year's playoff series, it's clear there is no love lost between the Kitchener Rangers and the Owen Sound Attack.
“We have a history,” said Kevin Hancock after the chippy, chatty, game.
The Attack came out on top, 6-3, on Saturday night at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre, snapping the Rangers seven-game win streak.
The Owen Sound victory evens the teams at four wins apiece with no rubber match on the horizon unless it's in the postseason.
Coming into the game, Kitchener's newly minted top-line of Kole Sherwood, Logan Brown, and Adam Mascherin had combined for 30 points in their last five games.
Brown had only played three of those matches, and scored 10 points.
“Jacob Friend and Trent Bourque really stepped up. They didn't give them a lot of room,” said assistant coach Al Letang following the game. “You could tell they were getting frustrated out there. It was fun to watch.”
The Attack went up 3-1 after the first period.
Kevin Hancock finished a nice passing play started by Jonah Gadjovich and pivoted by Nick Suzuki.
Not to be outdone, Logan Brown teed off a Kole Sherwood pass just 36 seconds later to tie the game.
Maksim Sushko and Jonah Gadjovich scored in quick succession to put the Attack back in the lead by the first buzzer.
Then, the teams got better acquainted.
Officials tried to herd the players off the ice, but scrums, face-washes, and jabs kept inciting the riots.
In the middle of it all, Jacob Friend, wearing a full-cage after getting cut in Friday night's game, and Logan Stanley seemed to be enjoying the hostilities the most.
“We're not going to shy away from that,” said Hancock.
Another Rangers deadline addition, Givani Smith, got the Rangers within one at 8:53 in the second period. Kitchener's power play moved the puck around the outside of the zone opening up a shot for Riley Damiani which Smith tipped over Olivier Lafreniere.
Minutes later, Sushko scored again, this time on pass from Aidan Dudas who drove to the net before finding their line mate. The Belarusian's 25th of the season gave the Attack a 4-2 lead.
“The veterans we have . . . they know the league, they've been around the league, they look at the stats and hear all the talk,” said Letang of Kitchener's offensive weapons. “It's a challenge for them.”
The Attack would give up one more goal to the Rangers' top line, just 17 seconds after Sushko's goal, Mascherin and Brown played catch with the puck in the Attack zone before Mascherin finished off the play with a shot in the slot. The sniper's 34th of the season was a no-doubter off the stick.
In the third period, recent history and context would have most predicting a Rangers comeback, but the Attack shut Kitchener down allowing only six shots in the final frame.
“You go through some adversity and you definitely get a little bit stronger,” said Letang. “We've gotten great goaltending when we needed it, which really helps . . . I think it's just a belief now.”
The Attack's third line went to work in the final frame and carried Owen Sound to victory.
Cade Robinson set up Brett McKenzie's 14th of the season by picking the pocket of Rangers defenceman Austin McEneny and sliding the puck over to their line mate.
Robinson then scored themselves shooting five-hole on Luke Richardson.
“We're reacting instead of thinking now. It just kind of all flows. The atmosphere was great tonight,” said Letang.
With the loss of Sean Durzi and Brady Lyle to injury, the Attack have been leaning heavily on experienced defenders Friend, Markus Phillips, and Trenton Bourque.
Letang said the trio are playing some of the best hockey he's seen of them in recent games.
Bourque almost scored the first goal of their Ontario Hockey League career when their hail-mary clearing attempt toward the Rangers empty net careened off the post.
The victory moves the Attack into sixth place in the Western Conference, leapfrogging the Guelph Storm, and a point back of the Saginaw Spirit for fifth position - three points behind the London Knights in fourth.
“When you have a good group it translates onto the ice,” said Hancock. “You can see, people are sticking up for each other . . . it's always fun to play with guys you like on and off the ice.”
The Attack now go on the road for three games starting with a trip to Peterborough on Thursday to take on the Petes. The game will be the first matchup of the season between the two teams, puck drop is scheduled for 7:05 p.m.
gcowan@postmedia.com
@GregCowanST
Men's Health, the Rodale-owned glossy, is getting an overhaul under new-ish editor-in-chief Matt Bean.
Bean, who returned to Men's Health in September, succeeding Bill Phillips, told WWD that the May issue of the men's fitness and lifestyle magazine is the first that reveals their full editorial vision. Like the majority of newly minted top editors, Bean began their overhaul with the look of the title and doubled down on its core mission as a sort of manual of self-improvement.
“You have a class of magazines that for a long time provided an escape for readers — that's never been Men's Health,” said Bean. “Our promise to our readers is that we're going to improve every element of your life.”
Drawing inspiration from old guidebooks, vintage style and repair guides and hiking maps, the new Men's Health now features infographics, for example, that help filter everything from workouts and diet plans to what kind of suit best complements your body type.
In addition to more illustrations, readers can expect a different mix of cover stars and “real guys.” For instance, in the May issue, which goes on sale on April 18, Bean tapped Dan Wells, a well-known CrossFitter, who their team met while reporting on “Wodapalooza,” a CrossFit event, for the cover. Bean didn't address the fact that booking “real” — albeit extremely fit — regular people saves on costs, but did explain that the magazine's cover model mantra is more in line with their perception of reader demand.
“I don't think guys buy a magazine based on the celebrity on the cover,” they said. “There's sort of an implicit thought process — you either want to have a beer with the guy or you want to be that guy…. The days of casting models or actors for our covers is over. I want real guys with a story.”
New sections in the magazine include “Unfiltered,” a photo-centric section; “The Exchange,” a section that is informed by online and mobile communication with its readers, and “Useful Stuff,” a revamped how-to package that includes a column by Timothy Ferriss.
Each issue will also follow a theme; the May one is the “strength issue,” for example, and it includes an interview with Hafthór Björnsson, famous for their role as Gregor “The Mountain” Clegane on “Game of Thrones.” Björnsson will appear in MH Films, an online video franchise developed by Bean's team. The editor emphasized brand extensions as the broader push at the company, citing the development of web franchises, e-commerce initiatives, live content and workouts created by influencers and the Men's Health team for its app. They also said they hope to bring in a new stable of writers to develop the title's journalism.
Bean's development of Men's Health, which publishes 10 times a year, comes as the men's magazine market is under pressure to find new readers. With fewer fitness-focused men's titles left — there's Wenner's fitness-lifestyle hybrid Men's Journal and AMI's Muscle & Fitness, which absorbed Men's Fitness earlier this year — it begs the question if that reader is still buying print.
According to the Alliance for Audited Media, in the second half of last year, Men's Health's paid and verified circulation totaled 1.8 million, which was flat with the previous year. Total single-copy sales were 160,599, marking a 29.7 percent dip over the same period a year earlier. (While newsstand declines are symptomatic of a larger trend, it should be noted that Men's Health still has the biggest circulation of any U.S. men's magazine).
Bean acknowledged volatility in the men's media sector but declined to comment further. Instead they offered that their readers have more in common with Condé Nast's Wired than perhaps GQ, Esquire and the fitness magazines.
“As we look across the landscape, I see magazines like Wired in many ways to be in our group because it appeals to an incredibly smart reader,” they said.
MOSCOW (AP) - Putin says Russia will not engage in arms race and will seek constructive relations with other countries.
SHAWNEE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect involved in a Thursday police pursuit and asking the public for help to locate him.
Jeffery Thomas Parsons, 50, is being sought by the Topeka Police Department for numerous charges regarding their involvement in a police pursuit in which they drove the wrong way on the Interstate and struck a vehicle Thursday.  They are also being sought for several felony warrants through Shawnee County.  They are described as 5-foot-8 and 150 pounds.
Parson's criminal history includes convictions in Shawnee, Sedgwick, Pottawatomie and Wabaunsee County for: Manufacturing of Narcotics, Forgery, Aggravated Assault, Fleeing and Eluding LEO, and Aggravated Escape from Custody.
Jeffery Parsons has a history of being armed with firearms and narcotic usage.
If located call 911 immediately.
On July 12, the family of a 49-year-old Army National Guard veteran killed by Eugene police is holding a press conference to again call attention to the shooting death of Brian Babb.
Babb was killed March 30, 2015, by officer Will Stutsman of the Eugene Police Department 45 minutes after the veteran with PTSD called their therapist for help. The therapist phoned EPD after Babb said he'd fired a gun into the floor, and officers showed up in an armored vehicle. Babb's sisters, Stephanie Babb and Ronda McGowan, have said the militarized response by police undid the efforts of their therapist to calm Babb, who came to their front door holding a gun.
Stephanie Babb says the family will make an announcement about their lawsuit against the EPD and speak on reforming police departments. The family is working with civil rights attorney Andrew Stroth, who will also advocate for police reform and update information on the Babb lawsuit.
Stroth, of Action Injury Law Group, is a Chicago-based attorney who works on civil rights for victims of police abuse. They were previously hired by the family of John Elfritz, who was killed by police at a Portland shelter.
Also joining the Babb family will be members of Pacific Northwest Family Circle, a group whose mission is to “connect Oregon and Washington Families in their justice struggle for loved ones killed or injured by police,” according to Maria Cahill of PNWFC. The advocacy group and its members “provide emotional support to each other and families beyond the Pacific Northwest.”
Stephanie Babb says when they were first in touch with PNWFC, they thought in the context of Black Lives Matter, the fate of a “middle-aged white guy” like their brother Brian might not stand out. But, they say, “like us, they want change” when it comes to deaths at the hands of the police. There are people, primarily people of color, they say, being killed “that we don't hear about.” Brian Babb's “death is proof that no one is safe anymore,” they say.
EPD spokesperson Melinda McLaughlin notes the current chief, Chris Skinner, started their job in April and was not on the force at the time Babb was shot. They point to reforms EPD made shortly after the shooting to refine response to veterans and others in extreme mental health crisis, including examining an integrated intervention program In Boise, Idaho, and filing reports on the use of armored vehicles.
One of the goals of the press conference, Babb says, is to “drum up support.”
“This still happened,” they say of the shooting death by police. “In Eugene.”
The press conference is noon Thursday, July 12, at the Wayne Morse Free Speech Plaza in downtown Eugene. Babb encourages people to come with signs and poster boards.
BEIJING (AP) - Premier Li Keqiang promises China's economy 'will open even wider,' Beijing will eliminate import tariffs on drugs.
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Tampa Bay reliever Wilmer Font yielded Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's first hit of the game.
Nathan Eovaldi started Wednesday night for the Rays and pitched six innings in their first start since their second Tommy John surgery. They struck out four and walked one while throwing 70 pitches.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop. But then Lowrie got theirs hit.
Rays center fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
Manny Pacquiao intends to fight in the UAE next, but still needs an opponent
Manny Pacquiao intends to fight in the UAE next, but still needs an opponent
Read more articles by
George Gigney
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
MANNY PACQUIAO is yet to decide on their next opponent, though Amir Khan emerged as the frontrunner in a poll the Filipino recently ran on Twitter.
Pacquiao asked their followers who they would like them to fight next, giving the options of Kell Brook, Amir Khan, Terence Crawford or Jeff Horn.
Khan earned 48 per cent of the vote, with Brook (24 per cent) coming in second, followed by Crawford (21 per cent) and, unsurprisingly, little-known Horn last with just seven per cent of the vote, which saw 44,815 people have their say.
Who do you want me to fight next in the UAE? — Manny Pacquiao (@mannypacquiao) February 12, 2017
However, Brook is scheduled to fight Errol Spence toward the end of May while Crawford is set to fight around the same time in their hometown of Omaha.
Interestingly, Pacquiao again indicated that their next fight will take place in the United Arab Emirates. It had previously been believed that they would travel to Australia to fight Horn.
Khan is also yet to confirm their next move after talks for a blockbuster clash with Brook broke down over money. Khan maintains that should Brook beat Spence, they could fight each other in the summer.
The Bolton man also wanted a warm-up fight before taking on Brook, in order to shake off any rust they may have gathered having not fought since their knockout loss to Canelo Alvarez last May due to a hand injury that required surgery.
Prior to fighting Canelo, Khan had been pursuing a fight with either Pacquiao or Floyd Mayweather. This is not the first time they have come out on top in a Twitter poll, either; Mayweather set one up back in 2014 asking their fans whether they wanted them to fight Marcos Maidana or Khan. Despite the majority voting for the Brit, Mayweather ended up fighting Maidana.
Pacquiao, who returned to boxing last year after a short-lived retirement, is only likely to fight twice this year, and it remains unclear how much longer they will remain in the sport.
Australia, July 02, 2018 – Dr. Drew Dwyer joins Business Radio Talkers.FM to talk about Frontline Care Solutions and its role in enhancing an individual's knowledge and skills to meet healthcare standards and client expectations. Clinicians and carers are provided with online courses, training and seminars in a format that is easy to understand, absorb, and use in the healthcare space. Focused on functional outcomes that meet best practice.
Frontline Care Solutions provides educational materials, workshops, webinars, documentation solutions and flexible training for busy healthcare professionals, managers, clinicians and care workers who want to continually develop their skills, knowledge, compliance with legislations and getting the best value for their services. They also assist different institutions in leadership, management and continuous elevation of the healthcare workforce in the community care, disabilities, mental health, and aged care sector.
“Frontline understand the healthcare industries skills, competencies, compliance needed to meet the legislations and the need of meeting an accredited service… a service that consumers can value.” said Dr. Drew Dwyer, consultant Gerontologist at Frontline Care Solutions.
Frontline started as a small consultancy business focused on the aged care sector. As society changes, so does the healthcare system. Over a short period of time, Frontline became popular and soon moved into the digital space, where people from across the globe can access educational materials through the internet, download them and use the information knowing it is evidence Based Practice so being internationally understood. Frontline's mission is to always meet an international standard in everything they supply and do!
For more information, visit http://www.frontlinecaresolutions.com/
You can ignore the horse race poll numbers in the Texas contests for U.S. Senate and governor because incumbent Republicans Ted Cruz and Greg Abbott are easily ahead. Far more important in the new Quinnipiac University Poll of Texans is that half the state's voters still know little to nothing about Democratic challengers Beto O'Rourke and Lupe Valdez. If the election were today, O'Rourke and Valdez would get thrashed.
Fortunately for O'Rourke, they already have more than $8 million in the bank and eventually can use it to boost their name identification among the general electorate. But ever since the April Quinnipiac survey found O'Rourke trailing Cruz by three percentage points—47 percent for Cruz to 44 percent for O'Rourke—the member of congress from El Paso has been using the idea that this is a neck and neck race to raise more money. But again, as I noted then, when that survey came out, Texans did not know who O'Rourke was and their number reflected what any generic Democrat should get in a similar survey at that point in the race. Now, O'Rourke is going to have to explain how they dropped five percentage points while Cruz gained three points, making the race 50 percent for Cruz to 39 percent for O'Rourke. The simple answer is that when Cruz secured the Republican nomination for another term of office, it allowed them to start defining O'Rourke as a liberal. But O'Rourke has room to maneuver. Self-described independent voters held an unfavorable view of Cruz and favored a vote for O'Rourke by 43 percent to 41 percent. A downside for O'Rourke, however, is that the state's Hispanic voters favor Cruz by a margin of 46 percent to 44 percent.
The news for Valdez is even worse. In the April survey, 65 percent of the state's voters did not know enough about the former Dallas County sheriff to have an opinion of them The party runoff with Houston business person Andrew White reduced their lack of identification to 53 percent, but the negative view of Valdez grew in almost every demographic group except among black voters. By contrast, Abbott is viewed positively by every demographic group except Democrats. Even among Hispanics, Abbott was viewed favorably by 42 percent to 26 percent negatively. Given how much time Democrats have spent criticizing Abbott over their sanctuary cities law to force local law enforcement to cooperate with federal immigration authorities, this positive rating among Hispanics would either indicate the message is not sinking in or is not effective.
At present, in the horse race, Abbott leads Valdez 53 percent to 34 percent. Abbott won the 2014 election over Democrat Wendy Davis by a margin of 59 percent of the vote to 39 percent. Without a substantial increase in their funding, Valdez may face an even worse defeat in November.
The bright spot for Democrats is dissatisfaction with President Trump in Texas makes a comeback for either O'Rourke or Valdez possible. The favorable/unfavorable on Trump right now is tied at 47 percent for either side. But Trump is upside down with independents—54 percent unfavorable to 40 percent favorable—as well as with voters under the age of 50. White voters still hold a favorable view of Trump, but their negatives are heavy among black and Hispanic voters.
As a political journalist, I hate to see these results because close contests are always more fun to cover, but also because lopsided races discourage democratic participation. (That's democratic with a small D.) As we saw in the record 1.5 million Republican primary turnout and the 1 million votes cast in the Democratic primary—the most that party has seen since it last won a statewide election in 1994—contested races bring voters to the polls. Close contests force candidates to preach to the congregation, not just to the choir.
The survey of 961 Texas voters was conducted May 23-29 and had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.8 percentage points. For more details on the Quinnipiac survey and how it was conducted, please go here.
May 2 BT Group Plc:
* Has completed acquisition of IP Trade following approval by UK's Competition & Markets Authority (CMA). Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Chantier Davie has issued invitations for the unveiling of the Resolve-class interim Auxiliary Oiler Replenishment (AOR) ship. That will happen July 20. All members of the public are welcome according to the invitation.
In November 2015, the Liberal government tried to derail the $669 million project for the supply ship but backed down after their attempt became public.
Project Resolve was approved by the previous Conservative government and involved Davie shipyards in Quebec quickly converting a commercial vessel into an AOR. The ship had already been delivered to Davie to begin the conversion process when James D. Irving, co-chief executive officer of Davie's rival, Irving Shipbuilding, wrote a letter on Nov. 17, 2015, to then procurement minister Judy Foote and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan. Irving requested its proposal for a similar vessel, already rejected by the Conservative government, be examined.
After receiving Irving's letter the Liberal government put Project Resolve on hold.
Details about the Liberals' decision to put Project Resolve on hold, as well as Irving's letter and details of cabinet discussions about the matter, were leaked to the CBC in November 2015. The leak embarrassed the new Trudeau government and sparked outrage in Quebec about the potential loss of hundreds of jobs if Davie were to lose the ship deal. The Liberals beat a quick retreat and shortly afterwards, Project Resolve went ahead.
The ship will be leased to the Canadian government, which has an option to buy the vessel if so desired.
Davie has issued these photos of the vessel:
BOISE, Idaho - From robots to spaceships, engineers of all ages spent Saturday at Boise State University getting their hands dirty.
Hundreds took part in the annual Science and Engineering Festival, hosted by the Boise State College of Engineering. Children were able to interact with exhibits built not only by students, but professionals in S.T.E.M fields.
One group even made an 11.5 feet tall replica of the Apollo Saturn V Moon Rocket out of Legos.
"This helps them to understand that creativity is built within constraint and the S.T.E.M professionals are a huge part of what we did to go to the moon," event organizer Scott Bowmen said.
Young engineers were also able to walk home a much smaller version of the Lego rocket.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
316 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (316, 316L, 316H ) by Application /End User (Food Processing Equipment, Laboratory Equipment, Architectural Panelling, Chemical Containers, Industrial Equipment ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 316 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 316 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 316 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 316 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/316-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
316 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 316
• 316L
• 316H
316 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Food Processing Equipment
• Laboratory Equipment
• Architectural Panelling
• Chemical Containers
• Industrial Equipment
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/316-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
ELLWOOD CITY, Pa. (AP) — Police say an intruder shot and killed by an elderly homeowner during a home invasion attempt in Pennsylvania turned out to be a relative of the man.
Ellwood City police said 49-year-old Dennis Mercadante, of Mercer, and another man broke into the home at about 1:20 a.m. Friday. Mercadante was shot after a struggle in the hallway with 84-year-old Don Lutz. The other man fled.
Lt. David Kingston said Mercadante was identified through facial recognition and fingerprints, and they turned out to be a nephew-in-law of Lutz.
Kingston said it was unlikely that any charges will be filed against the homeowner, whose right arm was injured. Police are still investigating and haven't identified the second intruder.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Hiwassee-ETSU Box
ETSU 94, HIWASSEE 48 HIWASSEE (0-4)
Henry 2-7 1-5 5, Culpepper 2-7 1-2 5, A.Johnson 3-5 0-0 7, Newman 1-3 0-0 2, Cade 2-13 0-0 4, Clisby 0-0 0-0 0, Woods 1-3 0-0 2, M.Williams 1-5 0-0 2, Snider 4-8 0-0 10, Fudge 3-7 0-0 7, J.Johnson 0-4 0-0 0, Michel 2-5 0-0 4. Totals 21-67 2-7 48.
ETSU (6-3)
Burrell 1-2 1-2 3, Jurkin 1-4 2-2 4, McCloud 1-3 2-3 4, Bradford 3-6 1-2 7, Long 2-3 4-5 8, Armus 4-8 2-4 10, Harrison 3-5 1-2 7, Payne 3-8 0-0 8, Edwards 2-8 0-0 4, Reppart 1-4 0-0 3, Hodges 8-9 2-3 18, Obi-Rapu 2-4 0-0 6, J.Williams 4-10 2-2 12. Totals 35-74 17-25 94.
Halftime_ETSU 48-17. 3-Point Goals_Hiwassee 4-21 (Snider 2-6, A.Johnson 1-2, Fudge 1-5, Newman 0-1, M.Williams 0-1, Michel 0-1, Culpepper 0-1, Cade 0-2, J.Johnson 0-2), ETSU 7-25 (Obi-Rapu 2-4, Payne 2-5, J.Williams 2-5, Reppart 1-2, McCloud 0-1, Long 0-1, Burrell 0-1, Bradford 0-2, Edwards 0-4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Hiwassee 42 (A.Johnson 10), ETSU 47 (Armus 7). Assists_Hiwassee 4 (Snider 2), ETSU 22 (Long 6). Total Fouls_Hiwassee 22, ETSU 12. A_3,321 (6,149).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It's common knowledge that using your phone while driving is dangerous. But people do it anyway – around twice as much as they're willing to admit, according to a new study.
The study by Zendrive, a research company working to improve road safety, looked at 570 million trips among 3.1 million drivers between December 2016 and February 2017 and found drivers used their phones a whooping 88 percent of the time.
They also found time on phones averaged three and a half minutes for every hour of driving. Looking away from the road for two seconds increases your chances of crashing 24 times over.
That number is much higher than previous studies that asked drivers to self-identify if they were texting while driving. About 40 percent of drivers admitted in a 2016 AAA Foundation survey that they read an email or text while driving in the past month, and about a third said they had written a text or email.
Meanwhile, 81 percent said texting while driving is a “very serious threat to safety” and 88 percent support a texting ban, according to the same survey. Nearly all states and U.S. territories have blanket laws banning either handheld phone use or texting while driving, with Montana, Missouri, Arizona and Texas the exceptions. All four of those states have proposed those laws but have not passed them, though Texas does ban the use of phones in school zones.
The state with the most distracted drivers was Vermont, according to Zendrive, and the least distracted drivers were in Oregon. It's unclear how much of an effect bans on phone use have on cutting down on distracted driving, based on Zendrive's findings.
In 2015, 3,477 people were killed due to distracted driving and nearly 400,000 were injured, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
WATFORD, Ont. — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during their swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown.
Horwath's bus, dubbed the "Proletariat Chariot" by media riding on it for the campaign, experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford, Ont.
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin.
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- A woman from Scranton proves that sometimes taking a risk is worth the reward and for her, the reward is a chance to see 101 years old.
They rolled the dice a few weeks ago and underwent a new type of heart surgery designed for people in their 80s. At 100, they are one of the oldest people in the country to get the surgery.
We were really hoping we'd get to see Ju Ju Vergnetti again and we did at their home on Scranton's east mountain, about two weeks after having heart surgery.
We last saw them in December at Geisinger Community Medical Center. While reporting on a feel-good Christmas story, our cameras caught their eye, and their story captivated us.
At 100 years old, they knew they were rolling the dice having a valve in their heart replaced.
"If I take the risk, maybe I'll last another hundred years!" they laughed.
 They are lasting -- loving life and grateful.
"Happy to be alive, let's put it that way," they said. "it was pretty close."
All things considered, Ju Ju has always been in great shape but back in December, they started having shortness of breath.
"I was great, and then all of a sudden I couldn't breathe."
It was scary for JU ju and their three children. They would need a valve replacement to survive but was turned down three times for open-heart surgery because of their age.
Then, a new option and a new doctor came about.
"feel great, feel great, thanks to Dr. Sexy!"
Their actual name is Dr. Nishant Sethi. He's a bit bashful about the nickname Ju Ju's given them but they will go down as one of their most memorable patients.
Ju Ju is the third oldest person to undergo the noninvasive transcatheter aortic valve replacement surgery or TAVR.
"When I told somebody we're going to a TAVR on a 100 year old, the first thing they thought was, 'you're definitely crazy.'" Dr. Sethi recalled.
Dr. Sethi is a cardiologist for Commonwealth Health Heart and Vascular Institute. They say TAVR surgery is designed for people in their 80s.
Ju Ju is the exception but not the rule.
"I think that they are the perfect example that you don't have to say, 'this is it.'"
Ju Ju is looking forward to turning 101 on November 6.
SAN DIEGO – Leaders of the Democratic and Republican parties in San Diego Monday denounced the hatred and violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, that led to the death of a woman who was struck by a car driven into a crowd.
In a statement, the San Diego Democratic Party said it planned to hold a news conference Tuesday to discuss Saturday's confrontations that injured at least 19 other people, and to launch a campaign to ensure the rights of “everyone in all our communities.”
“We extend our deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the tragedy that was the hateful and divisive march in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, especially the family of Heather Heyer, a white woman who died at the hands of a white man who was showing their support of white supremacy,” said Jessica Hayes, party chairperson. “Their logic is as flawed as their morality.”
The statement went on to say that President “Donald Trump has done everything in their power to enable the most viciously intolerant among us know they have a friend in the oval office.”
Trump was harshly criticized for their initial response to the violence, when they failed to directly condemn white extremists and equated their behavior to protests by the left. The president was more specific in comments Monday, calling racism “evil” and naming the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists.
The chairperson of the Republican Party of San Diego County, Tony Krvaric, said they agreed with Trump's latest remarks.
“In short, ‘Violence and racism can never be tolerated,”‘ they said in an email to City News Service.
The man accused of driving the vehicle that struck Heyer, James Alex Fields Jr., was denied bail in their first court appearance. The 20-year-old was charged with murder in connection with the death of the 32-year-old paralegal.
THUNDER BAY, Ont. — Police in Thunder Bay, Ont., are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media.
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female, but the time and date of the incident are not known.
They say it's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets.
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information.
The Recfishwest Free Family Fun Day with heaps of excited kids enjoying the fishing.
The Recfishwest Free Family Fun Day with heaps of excited kids enjoying the fishing. Picture: Picture: Tackleworld Exmouth, Tackleworld Exmouth.
GAMEX 2018 has begun.
Friday's Rig and Gig night was a huge success, with every seat in the clubhouse taken and people standing to catch up with friends, learn about rigging techniques and then party on with great music.
There were a couple of live Facebook feeds created and it was wonderful to see the turnout on the first night.
More than 220 anglers, fishing from 56 boats, have entered.
Exmouth Shire president Matt Niikkula, who has fished Gamex several times, opened the town's 50th annual event.
Recfishwest chief executive Andrew Rowland explained the results of scientific research from last year's GAMEX, including the fact the 15kg black marlin captured last year was calculated to be 156 days old.
Saturday's boat auction was very entertaining and raised a lot of funds for the EGFC.
Day one of GAMEX on Sunday started with five billfish being tagged in the first 15 minutes.
It then proceeded to 10 in the first hour, 10 more in the second hour and another 10 in the third hour.
By the end of the day there had been 171 billfish raised, 123 hooked and 68 tagged, with a smattering of sailfish, as well as a few blue marlin and a stack of black marlin.
Some fish were estimated at close to 200kg, while others were as small as 5kg.
There was a lot of excitement on the radio and there is no doubt the fishing fraternity globally is going to be whispering about the statistics, especially considering only three of the teams are chasing billfish specifically.
We are hoping the fishing will improve as the week continues with a great moon phase and tides, as well as a tropical low way north.
Sunday's Recfishwest Free Family Fun Day was a great success, with more than 20 kids learning about fishing , having a fish in front of the clubhouse and playing on the fish simulator.
The kids enjoyed a sausage sizzle, cake and icy poles, followed by some water fun games.
It was a sensational day for weather and all the kids took home a prize and some goodies from the day.
The results of GAMEX are posted each day on the GAMEX Facebook page and we hope to see all the local sponsors of this event at the appreciation function tomorrow from 5pm-6pm.
The fish-filleting demonstrations are daily during weigh-in times and visitors are encouraged to come and learn how to make the most of their catch and minimise waste.
There are also often plenty of samples after the filleting demonstration for anyone to take home.
UK police probing 6 assault claims against Kevin Spacey
LONDON (AP) — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
April 10 Shenzhen Tatfook Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for Q1 2017 to be 21 million yuan to 28 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (23.9 million yuan)
* Comments that decreased demand in communication market and intelligent terminal business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aoCCWL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NEW YORK, March 30 The sell-off of municipal bonds tied to the bankruptcy filing of Westinghouse Electric Co paused on Thursday as investors reconsidered concerns on the likelihood that construction of four U.S. nuclear power plants hit by billions in cost overruns will be completed.
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C. Summer in South Carolina, which is majority-owned by SCANA Corp and Vogtle in Georgia, which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co.
Westinghouse is a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp 6502.T>.
Tax-exempt bonds issued by the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG), which owns 22.7 percent of the Vogtle units, and South Carolina Public Service Authority (Santee Cooper), which owns 45 percent of the V.C. Summer units, reversed a recent slide, albeit in thin trading volumes.
"It could be considered a dead-cat bounce in the market as people are starting to get comfortable with their ability to pay their bonds and it doesn't appear that this is going to lead to a default," said Brett Adlard, municipal strategist at Piper Jaffray in Chicago.
Adlard said there could be near-term weakness in the bonds because of headline risks, but there is a slow realization that there are underlying strengths, such as Santee Cooper's flexibility to raise electricity rates given that the rates are considered low when measured against the rest of the nation.
On Wednesday, SCANA executives told analysts that in the case of the V.C. Summer operations, most of the components are already bought and on site, which employs about 5,000 people.
"The Trump administration, being so pro-jobs, shutting down these two large nuclear plants would look like a negative from their goal," Adlard said, adding that Westinghouse's involvement in military operations makes this a national security interest."
MEAG's 6.637 percent bond maturing in 2057 saw improvement with the yield spread over the benchmark MMD yield curve narrowing by 4.5 basis points to 285.7 basis points. However, over the last 10 trading days, spreads are wider by a significant 26.9 basis points, according to Thomson Reuters data..
Santee Cooper's 5 percent bond maturing in 2028 improved on Thursday with the yield spread narrowing by 16.7 basis points to 95.1 basis points. That is still 35.6 basis points wider over the last 10 trading days. Wider spreads indicate weak performance in a credit.
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labor, equipment and components.
"These are fundamentally strong credits, but that said, they have made a lot of investments in these plants and now there is more uncertainty on how much more it is going to cost or how much longer it will take to complete the plants," said John Ceffalio, municipal credit analyst at AllianceBernstein in New York.
"To date, both MEAG and Santee Cooper have had a lot of political support. We question how strong that support will be going forward given additional costs and delays," they said. (Reporting by Daniel Bases; Editing by Leslie Adler)
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
Submitted by chucky on Mon, 06/12/2017 - 15:29.
(USATF) - INDIANAPOLIS -- Nine USATF athletes will enter the 2017 USATF Outdoor Championships in Sacramento with a leg up on the competition as wildcard selections for the IAAF World Championships.
The USATF Outdoor Championships, June 22-25, will serve as the selection event for the Team USATF roster for World Championships, to be contested August 4-13 in London. Each country is allowed up to three entries per event, with the IAAF allowing a fourth, “wildcard” entry to athletes who are defending World Outdoor or Diamond League champions. American “wildcard” nominees must compete in at least one round of competition at the USATF Outdoor Championships to claim their wildcard spot, but not necessarily in their wildcard qualifying event.
Television coverage of USATF Outdoor Championships will be available on NBCSN June 23, 10:30 p.m.-12:30 a.m. ET, and on NBC June 24-25 from 4-6 p.m. ET. Live coverage of USATF Junior Outdoor Championships will be on USATF.TV. Fans can also catch live events through digital streaming platform NBC Sports Gold. Click here for a full streaming schedule.
Golden veterans lead the way with wildcards
Four defending world champions five Diamond League winners – and one athlete who is both a world champ and DL winner – are up for wildcards when competition begins in Sacramento. Included in the wildcard pool are 2016 Olympic gold medalists Christian Taylor (Fayetteville, Georgia), Allyson Felix (Los Angeles, California), Kerron Clement (La Porte, Texas) and Tianna Bartoletta (Tampa, Florida), silver medalist Joe Kovacs (Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) and bronze medalist LaShawn Merritt (Suffolk, Virginia).
American wildcards also include world record holder Keni Harrison (Clayton, North Carolina) and fellow Diamond League winners Erik Kynard (Toledo, Ohio) and Cassandra Tate (Hammond, Louisiana). Harrison broke a bone in their left hand during the IAAF Diamond League meet in Doha on May 5; should they be physically unable to compete in Sacramento, they may seek a medical waiver to claim their wildcard.
The 2017 USATF Outdoor Championships will feature all Team USATF's stars from the 2016 Olympic Games, where Americans had an historic, 32-medal performance, including gold medalists Michelle Carter (Ovilla, Texas), Ryan Crouser (Boring, Oregon), Dalilah Muhammad (Bayside, New York), Matthew Centrowitz (Arnold, Maryland), Jeff Henderson (Fayetteville, Arkansas) and more.
In addition, the USATF Junior Outdoor Championships will compete currently at Sacramento State June 22-24, featuring up-and-coming athletes ages 14-19
Sacramento State previously hosted USATF Outdoor Championships in 2014, and the U.S. Olympic Trials - Track & Field in 2000 and 2004. Sacramento was also recently announced as a finalist city for the 2020 U.S. Olympic Trials - Track & Field, along with Eugene, Oregon and Walnut, California.
The USATF Outdoor Championships is part of the 2017 Team USA Summer Champions Series, presented by Comcast. The Champions Series showcases numerous Olympic sports throughout the season, highlighting the year-round quest of Team USA athletes to compete at the Olympic Games.
Utahns awoke to a fresh blanket of snow Monday, with more expected throughout the week.
More than 4 inches had fallen in Salt Lake City as of Monday morning, with 6 inches in Logan, and about 6 inches and Ogden, according to the National Weather Service.
No further snow was expected in the Salt Lake Valley until Monday night, when up to 2 inches could fall, said NWS meteorologist Mark Struthwolf. But in Utah County, "the front has stalled," Struthwolf said Monday morning. A winter weather advisory for the southern Wasatch Front likely would extend throughout the day, with snow accumulations of up to 2 inches before nightfall. A winter weather advisory also was underway for the mountains of Salt Lake County through Park City and Heber City. Ski resorts reported heavy snow overnight, with 10 inches at Solitude; 8 inches at Snowbird, Brighton, Powder Mountain and Snowbasin; 7 inches at Beaver Mountain; 6 inches at Alta and Park City Mountain Resort; and 5 inches at Deer Valley.
By
Kentucky is in the news! Hopkinsville, Kentucky is being touted as the “epicenter” for witnessing the total solar eclipse occurring August 21st. While they won't experience a total solar eclipse at Red Bird Mission they are an “epicenter” in the work of eclipsing poverty. Red Bird has posted 21 different ways that Red Bird Mission is eclipsing poverty leading up to the solar eclipse on August 21 at rbmission.org/eclipse-poverty-21. They are inviting supporters to join us in the effort to block poverty and give families they serve an opportunity to flourish in the light of Christ.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
http://rbmission.org/eclipse-poverty-21
New legislation that would give the local government minister powers to suspend or remove individual councillors was tabled in State Parliament last Wednesday, with the City of Rockingham supporting its introduction.
The Local Government Amendment (Suspension and Dismissal) Bill 2018 would give the minister suspension powers under a range of conditions, including if a councillor was charged with an offence and convicted.
City of Rockingham Mayor Barry Sammels said the City supported its introduction. “According to the explanatory memorandum for the Bill, the processes to determine a suspension or dismissal and the source of advice to the minister recommending such action appear to be fair and satisfactory, so the City supports its introduction,” they said.
City of Kwinana Mayor Carol Adams said while the City's council had not considered the new Bill formally, they believed it would be generally supported.
“I believe the Bill will receive widespread support and is something which is long awaited by the sector,” Ms Adams said. “Councils are often reprimanded as a whole by the actions of an individual or small group of recalcitrant councillors.”
Local Government Minister David Templeman moved to quell concerns the legislation could be used for political purposes.
BALTIMORE (AP) - The AL East matchup between the Tampa Bay Rays and Baltimore Orioles has been postponed by rain.
Bad weather was expected deep into Tuesday night, so the game was called two hours before the scheduled first pitch.
The game will be made up as part of single-admission doubleheader on May 12.
It's the 27th major league game to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping records in 1986.
The postponement comes at a good time for the Orioles, who are hampered by injuries and have lost nine of 10 games to fall 11 games under .500 (6-17).
Baltimore's projected starting lineup did not include infielder Tim Beckham, who's been bothered by a groin injury and is expected to land on the 10-day disabled list.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Praise be! The kids can finally eat the cookies.
In a major win for people with allergies everywhere, Nestlé Toll House unveiled a new three-ingredient chocolate chip free of the eight major food allergens.
The company's kicking peanuts, tree nuts, milk, eggs, wheat, soy, fish and shellfish to the curb for this new product. Instead, it's making the morsels with "cocoa butter, pure cane sugar and 100% real chocolate," according to Nestlé Toll House.
The "Simply Delicious" chocolate chips will be available for purchase in most stores starting June. Offered in semi-sweet and dark chocolate, the new line will sell at about $5.
You'll be able to easily identify the bag by looking for a teal banner splayed across the packaging, a color widely recognized as a symbol for allergen-free foods.
“Simply Delicious Morsels are a great option for bakers who want to feel confident that the ingredients they are using are high-quality, taste great and are safe for all to enjoy," Haig Basmadjian said, the company's marketing director.
The standard, non-allergen-free chocolate chips aren't going anywhere and will still be shelved at stores.
Other popular allergen-free chocolate chips include those from Pascha Chocolate, Enjoy Life and others.
Like All the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
ONE of Darwin's favourite indie rock bands is officially launching its new single this Friday night.
At The Dakota will be celebrating the release of Bad Vibes Ruin Highs with a night of mayhem at the Railway Club, with support slots from fellow locals Basic Rocket Science and Broadwing.
Lead singer and guitarist Dylan Podsiadly said the reception the band has had for the single so far has been resoundingly positive.
“We've had some really good feedback,” they said.
“We got a play on Triple J, which is the first time we've achieved that mark as a band. That was a bit of a dream come true for me personally.”
Mr Podsiadly said the inspiration for the song came during a jam session.
“The song started with that line, Bad Vibes Ruin Highs, and the story was conceived from there,” they said.
“It's something you can dance to, something you can have a bit of a groove to and have some fun really.”
The five-piece also filmed and released an accompanying video clip for the track, which was filmed in various locations around Darwin and features some comical box characters.
Mr Podsiadly said punters could expect a lively set on Friday night.
“It will be high energy. We don't take ourselves too seriously; you can come along with some friends and just enjoy yourself,” they said.
“We're having fun and we've been playing some really good crowds. At the end of the day for us, it's a fun outlet that we have and we can enjoy with other people.”
At The Dakota has forged a solid fan base in the NT. The group took out the People's Choice Award in the 2015 NT Song of the Year Awards and was voted by the public as the local act for the 2016 and 2018 BASSINTHEGRASS Festival.
The last two gigs for At The Dakota have sold out, so people are being encourage to book early by going to eventbrite.com.au and following the links.
Doors open at 7pm tomorrow.
Tickets are $10 online or $15 on the door.
Carey Davis is by far the best to lead San Bernardino as mayor for the next four years. They have done an exceptional job in guiding us out of bankruptcy and toward a great future under our new city charter. They served as chair of our city's charter review committee which drafted our city's new charter.
Mayor Davis regularly attended our meetings and was a big help to us when we requested their input. They have been a good leader in our city's transformation to operating under our new charter.
They and our City Council have been working very well together during this transition. They can best lead our city to thrive even better under this new governmental structure.
One of our council members who is running for mayor opposed the adoption of our new charter. This is one of many reasons why they should not become our mayor. Vote for Mayor Carey Davis.
— Phil Savage, San Bernardino
Transparency necessary
For well over a year, the mainstream media, including this newspaper, reported that our newly elected president conspired with the Russians and stole the election from Hilary Clinton. Front page above the fold, every day.
Now it is found out that the former administration had the FBI spy on Donald Trump's campaign. James Clapper said the same yesterday on “The View.”
What do we the American people get from the same mainstream media? Nothing. It is time we as citizens of this country demand transparency from our leaders and our press.
— Pat Heyer, Menifee
What are their credentials?
Recently, the Faith page has had a couple of articles by Gregory Elder, columnist, under the section heading “Professing Faith.”
But there is no indication of what religious organization or institution (since it is the Faith page) they are associated with. Or what company they work for (like Brady McCombs, the Associated Press on the same page). Who is he? What are they connected to?
Also, in the article “Tracking ancient Egypt timelines not precise” (May 12), they included a lot of data as facts but did not include any sources so that an interested person who is not an Egyptologist can verify what they wrote.
Without their connections and source citations, no one can know whether they should be believed or not.
— Elizabeth Kerr, Ontario
(Associated Press file photo) This March 9, 2016, file photo shows a total solar eclipse in Belitung, Indonesia. The total solar eclipse on Aug. 21, 2017, will be the first in the mainland U.S. in almost four decades.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
MOSCOW, March 29 Polyus, Russia's largest gold producer, may hold a secondary share offering in Moscow in the near future, Yuri Soloviev, first deputy president of VTB bank, said on Wednesday.
Soloviev also said the state may sell its stake in shipping firm Sovcomflot in June.
The privatisation of Sovcomflot, Russia's biggest shipping company whose vessels support offshore oil and gas operations, is part of a wider state asset sale aimed at plugging holes in the budget. (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova; Writing by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh)
Tourism Australia could pay millions for Superbowl ad slot The West Australian
Companies pay up to $6 million to have their commercial shown at the world-famous event
× A Visual That's Vital: PennDOT's Yellow DOT Program
PennDOT is shining the spotlight on a program that could save your life! It's called the “Yellow DOT Program” which Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey spotlighted Monday.
According to PennDOT, “this program assists citizens in the ‘golden hour' of emergency care following a traffic accident when they may not be able to communicate their needs themselves. Placing a Yellow Dot decal in your vehicle's rear window alerts first responders to check your glove compartment for vital information to ensure you receive the medical attention you need. ”
To receive a “Yellow DOT,” you can stop into any DMV in our area or many state representatives offices carry them as well. To signup online, head here!
Once you receive a “YELLOW DOT,” you're encouraged to place it on the back left windshield of your car.
To update your emergency contact information which is synced to your Pennsylvania Driver's License, head here!
Gatineau police have arrested and charged an Ottawa man with first-degree murder in the death of Christine MacNeil — the second man to be charged in the case.
Emilio Spezzano, 57, was charged and arrested with the help of Ottawa police around 2 p.m. on Wednesday.
MacNeil, 25, was shot and killed in a guest room at The Four Points by Sheraton Hotel on Laurier Street on the evening of Oct. 19.
In February 2016, Blake Dooley, 53, of Ottawa was also charged with first-degree murder in the young woman's death.
Gatineau police spokesperson Jean-Paul Le May said Spezzano was in a close relationship with MacNeil for four years. MacNeil was also charged with assaulting Spezzano, and was scheduled to appear in court 10 days after they were killed.
MacNeil and Spezzano's relationship ended shortly before their death.
Le May said investigators were able to amass enough evidence to bring Spezzano in.
Dooley was arrested by Gatineau police and the Ottawa Police Service's tactical squad, after they raided three residences in Ottawa's west end in 2016.
Spezzano will be with investigators Wednesday and will appear at the Gatineau courthouse Thursday.
More to come.
VICTORIA STRAIT, Nunavut (AP) — The email arrived in mid-June, seeking to explode any notion that global warming might turn our Arctic expedition into a summer cruise.
“The most important piece of clothing to pack is good, sturdy and warm boots. There is going to be snow and ice on the deck of the icebreaker,” it read. “Quality boots are key.”
The Associated Press was joining international researchers on a month-long, 10,000 kilometer (6,200-mile) journey to document the impact of climate change on the forbidding ice and frigid waters of the Far North. But once the ship entered the fabled Northwest Passage between the Atlantic and the Pacific, there would be nowhere to stop for supplies, no port to shelter in and no help for hundreds of miles if things went wrong. A change in the weather might cause the mercury to drop suddenly or push the polar pack into the Canadian Archipelago, creating a sea of rock-hard ice.
So as we packed our bags, in went the heavy jackets, insulated trousers, hats, mittens, woolen sweaters and the heavy, fur-lined boots.
Global warming or not, it was best to come prepared.
___
Learn more about the Arctic and read dispatches sent by a team of AP journalists as they traveled through the region's fabled Northwest Passage last month: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic
___
If parts of the planet are becoming like a furnace because of global warming, then the Arctic is best described as the world's air-conditioning unit. The frozen north plays a crucial role in cooling the rest of the planet while reflecting some of the sun's heat back into space.
Yet for several decades, satellite pictures have shown a dramatic decline in Arctic sea ice that is already affecting the lives of humans and animals in the region, from Inuit communities to polar bears. Experts predict that the impact of melting sea ice will be felt across the northern hemisphere, altering ocean currents and causing freak weather as far south as Florida or France.
“Things are changing in the Arctic, and that is changing things everywhere else,” said David ‘Duke' Snider, the seasoned mariner responsible for navigating the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica through the Northwest Passage last month.
Researchers on the trip sought a first-hand view of the effects of global warming already seen from space. Even the dates of the journey were a clue: The ship departed Vancouver in early July and arrived in Nuuk, Greenland on July 29th, the earliest transit ever of a region that isn't usually navigable until later in the year.
As it made its way through the North Pacific — passing Chinese cargo ships, Alaskan fishing boats and the occasional far-off whale — members of the expedition soaked up the sun in anticipation of freezing weeks to come.
Twelve days after the ship had left Vancouver, the ice appeared out of nowhere.
At first, lone floes bobbed on the waves like mangled lumps of Styrofoam. By the time Nordica reached Point Barrow, on Alaska's northernmost tip, the sea was swarming with ice.
Snider recalled that when they started guiding ships through Arctic waters more than 30 years ago, the ice pack in mid-July would have stretched 50 miles farther southwest. Back then, a ship also would have encountered much thicker, blueish ice that had survived several summer melts, becoming hard as concrete in the process, they said.
They likened this year's ice to a sea of porridge with a few hard chunks — no match for the nimble 13,000-ton Nordica.
Since the first orbital images were taken in 1979, Arctic sea ice coverage during the summer has dropped by an average of about 34,000 square miles each year — almost the surface area of Maine or the country of Serbia. More recent data show that not only is its surface area shrinking, but the ice that's left is getting thinner too. Snider said they have seen the ice cover reduced in both concentration and thickness.
The melting ice is one reason why modern ships have an easier time going through the Northwest Passage, 111 years after Norwegian adventurer Roald Amundsen achieved the first transit. Early explorers found themselves blinded by harsh sunlight reflecting off a desert of white, confused by mirages that give the illusion of giant ice cliffs all around, and thrown off course by the proximity of the North Pole distorting their compass readings.
Modern mariners can get daily satellite snapshots of the ice and precise GPS locations that help them dodge dangerous shallows. But technology can be fickle. After two weeks at sea the ship's fragile Internet connection went down for six days: no emails, no Google, no new satellite pictures to preview the route ahead.
The outdoor thermometer indicated a temperature of 47 degrees Fahrenheit (8.3 Celsius), but in the never-setting sun of an Arctic summer it felt more like 60 F. Days blurred into nights. Distant smoke from Cape Bathurst signaled slow-burning shale fires, while giant white golf balls indicated the remains of Cold War radar stations.
At one point a row of shacks appeared on a hill. As the ship passed by Cambridge Bay — home to Canada's High Arctic Research Station— a brief cellphone signal flickered to life, allowing one homesick sailor to make a tearful call to their family.
The Finnish crew, meanwhile, took solace in the creature comforts of home, such as the on-board sauna and reindeer roast on Saturdays.
Even in their bunks, those on board heard the constant churning of ice as the ship plowed through the debris rolling beneath the hull, thundering like hail on a tin roof.
___
As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait, deep inside the Northwest Passage, we looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world's largest land predator.
At last, a cry went out: “Nanuq, nanuq!”
Maatiusi Manning, an Inuit sailor, had spotted what everyone on board was hoping to see — the first polar bear.
The 1,000-pound predators are at the top of a food chain that's being pummeled by global warming because of the immediate impact vanishing sea ice has on a range of animals and plants that depend on it.
“If we continue losing ice, we're going to lose species with it,” said Paula von Weller, a field biologist who was on the trip.
No Arctic creatures have become more associated with climate change than polar bears. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated in January that about 26,000 specimens remain in the wild. Population counts of polar bears are notoriously difficult, and researchers are unsure how much their numbers have changed in recent years. But the Fish and Wildlife Service warned that melting sea ice is robbing the bear of its natural hunting ground for seals and other prey.
While some polar bears are expected to follow the retreating ice northward, others will head south, where they will come into greater contact with humans — encounters that are unlikely to end well for the bears.
Still, being the poster child of Arctic wildlife may help the polar bear. Sightings are a highlight for adventure tourists who are flocking to Arctic cruises in increasing numbers.
Last year, the hottest on record in the Arctic, the Crystal Serenity took 1,100 high-paying guests on a cruise of the Northwest Passage, prompting environmentalists to warn of an Arctic tourism rush that could disrupt wildlife habitat. Crystal Cruises says it works closely with local guides, marine biologists and conservationists to ensure wildlife isn't harmed.
Von Weller said there are benefits to people seeing the region and its animals themselves.
“People are so far removed from the Arctic that they don't understand it, they don't know it and they don't love it,” they said. “I think it's important for people to see what's here and to fall in love with it and have a bond and want to protect it.”
That love may need to extend further down the food chain if the fragile ecosystem in the Arctic continues to fall apart. Some of the animals highly associated with the ice are not going to be able to adapt in a reasonable amount of time to keep up with climate change, Weller said.
“The walrus, for example, may spend more time on the mainland. They're very prone to disturbance so that's not a good place for walrus to be,” said von Weller.
Research published four years ago rang alarms bells about the future of the red king crab — a big earner for Alaska's fishing industry — because rising levels of carbon dioxide, a driver of global warming, are making oceans more acidic. Scientists found that juvenile crabs exposed to levels of acidification predicted for the future grew more slowly and were more likely to die.
Algae that cling to the underside of sea ice are also losing their habitat. If they vanish, the impact will be felt all the way up the food chain. Copepods, a type of zooplankton that eats algae, will lose their source of food. The tiny crustaceans in turn are prey for fish, whales and birds.
Meanwhile, new rivals from the south are already arriving in the Arctic as waters warm. Orca have been observed traveling further north in search of food in recent years, and some wildlife experts predict they will become the main seal predator in the coming decades, replacing polar bears.
Humans are also increasingly venturing into the Arctic in search of untapped deposits of minerals and fossil fuels — posing a threat to animals. The potential for oil spills from platforms and tankers operating in remote locations has been a major cause for concern among environmentalists since the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster off Alaska killed a quarter of a million seabirds, as well as hundreds of seals and sea otters. Simply getting the necessary emergency response ships to an Arctic spill would be a challenge, while cleaning oil off sea ice would likely take months.
Last month, Canada's supreme court ruled in favor of the Clyde River community of Baffin Island, which is fighting the proposed seismic blasts used by oil companies to map the sea floor. The Inuit fear that the loud underwater noise caused by the blasts could disorient marine mammals such as whales that depend on sound to communicate, and affect the reproductive cycles of fish and shrimp stocks.
The Inuit and other local peoples are already feeling the impact of global warming because they rely on frozen waterways to reach hunting grounds or relatives on other islands. But some say it will not be all bad: Cruise ships offer potential revenue to those Inuit communities willing to engage with tourists.
The absence of sea ice for longer periods each summer, meanwhile, will allow boats to supply villages and mines for longer periods of the year. Where it used to be a hard and fast rule that ships had to be out of the Northwest Passage by Sept. 28, the operating season now stretches beyond October.
Tiina Jaaskelainen, a researcher at the Hanken School of Economics in Finland who was on board the icebreaker, said responding to these changes will require a better understanding of the social impact rather than just the science of climate change.
“Inuit communities need to be involved in planning each use of the passage and the Arctic in general,” they said. “It's important they can play an active role in the region's economic development, while good governance may enable local communities to also maintain their traditions.”
___
Upon entering the Atlantic, the FM radios aboard Nordica began picking up local stations again, including one that played David Bowie's ‘Ziggy Stardust.' Nordica reached Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, after 24 days.
“The fact that we were able to plan and execute this transit so efficiently says something about the changes in the ice,” said Scott Joblin, an expert on maritime and polar law from Australian National University in Canberra who studies the legal implications of climate change in the Arctic.
Scientists believe there is no way to reverse the decline in Arctic sea ice in the foreseeable future. Even in the best-case scenario envisaged by the 2015 Paris climate accord, sea ice will largely vanish from the Arctic during the summer within the coming decades.
In the end, the route that foiled countless explorers claimed little more than a camera and a drone.
But we did get a taste of the warming Arctic: Those heavy fur-lined boots never got used.
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
Learn more about the Arctic here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
April 6 Leucrotta Exploration Inc
* Leucrotta Exploration Inc. Increases size of bought deal financing to $80 million
* Leucrotta Exploration Inc- underwriters have agreed to increase size of bought-deal financing
* Leucrotta Exploration - aggregate gross proceeds from increased common share financing and flow-through share financing will be approximately $80 million
* Leucrotta- will now issue 33.3 million shares at $2.25 per share;1.9 million common shares to be issued on flow-through basis at $2.70 per flow-through share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Yvette Nicole Brown may be replacing Chris Hardwick at San Diego Comic-Con this year, but they have no current plans to continue as their understudy elsewhere.
Brown, who will moderate the Walking Dead panel at Comic-Con later this month — a job long held by Hardwick — tweeted on Wednesday that they are merely “filling in for a friend” at the annual fan convention. Hardwick, of course, is being replaced in the wake of sexual assault allegations leveled against them in June by ex-girlfriend Chloe Dykstra — allegations they have since denied.
Though Brown did not specifically name Hardwick in their tweet, their post also seemed to address growing speculation that they will take over Hardwick's role as host of Talking Dead, AMC's Walking Dead aftershow on which they have appeared multiple times.
“I am not jockeying for a job. I have enough of my own,” Brown wrote, adding that “my character is known and sound. Nothing has changed.”
I will say this once. I am filling in for a friend, which I have done before. I am not jockeying for a job. I have enough of my own. It is my prayer that God's Will is done in the midst of this process & that everyone is okay. My character is known & sound. Nothing has changed. — yvette nicole brown (@YNB) July 4, 2018
Following Dykstra's accusations against Hardwick, AMC has pulled Talking With Chris Hardwick from the schedule indefinitely. They were also slated to moderate Doctor Who‘s panel at Comic-Con, but a replacement host for that event has yet to be announced.
André #Hahn: "I'm really happy to be back in Augsburg, because I feel very at home here and have a lot to thank this club for" pic.twitter.com/S8J8d0jzvp
Editorial: Roseanne Barr's racist rant brings out self pity from Trump
The Roseanne Barr racist tweet has turned into a window on a troubling topic. The varying reactions range from rightful rejection to excuse-making, self-absorption and even wry humor. When the topic is race, nothing is simple in a divided country.
Barr deserved to lose their top-rated TV show after denouncing a black woman as an ape. But would the corporate chieftains at the ABC network really fire a star bringing in an estimated $45 million per year in ad revenue? Thankfully, they did so within hours.
Barr apologized, describing their words as a bad joke. It was craven wording from a star who has previously pushed the bounds of decency. After first swearing off Twitter, they jumped back on the platform to plead for sympathy.
In defending herself, Barr said they were “Ambien tweeting” late at night when they let loose their racist words. That led the drug's maker, Sanofi, to note that “racism is not a known side effect” of the sleeping pill.
Barr's now-canceled program focused on their support for President Trump. After initially staying silent, the president couldn't resist any longer. Trump fumed that Valerie Jarrett, Barr's target, got a personal apology call from Disney/ABC head Robert Iger, but Trump never got the same treatment when they were criticized on the network. It was a graceless, self-centered response that dodged the importance of a topic that should trouble the president and the nation.
This commentary is from The Chronicle's editorial board. We invite you to express your views in a letter to the editor. Please submit your letter via our online form: SFChronicle.com/letters.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — If you want to become recognized as a married couple in Alabama, you will have to get a marriage license and exchange “I do's.”
Alabama will not recognize new common-law marriages beginning Jan. 1. Common-law marriages entered into before then will continue to be recognized.
Common-law marriage refers to the legal protections of marriage extended to couples who live together as a married couple, but who haven't gotten a state marriage license.
Lawmakers voted earlier this year to prohibit the recognition of new common-law marriages.
An appellate judge last year urged lawmakers to make the change.
Civil Appeals Judge Terri Willingham Thomas said courts had been saddled with the task with trying to determine who should be considered a married couple and who shouldn't.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
by Deborah Jeanne Sergeant
STANLEY, NY — Plenty of time is spent working on a farm. Fun on the Farm provides a look of everyday farm life to those who don't.
Lightland Farms hosted the 14th Fun on the Farm, which has run for 26 years. The biennial event welcomes farmers and non-farmers to spend half a day touring a working farm that doesn't ordinarily offer tours to visitors. Farms in Ontario County, New York take turns hosting. For the special day, workers from many different farms don a designated “Fun on the Farm” volunteer's t-shirt and pitch in, as farmers often do, to help their neighbors.
Events such as Fun on the Farm provide more than a pleasurable outing. While visitors nibble samples, listen to vendors and ride the emceed wagon ride around the farm, they learn more about the source of their food — and why agriculture is important.
A family-oriented event, Fun on the Farm features a farm animal petting zoo, straw bale maze, wagon rides, pedal car race and activities such as crafts, cabbage bowling, hay bale tossing and grape stomping. Vendors promoting honey, maple syrup, apples, milk and other local products help keep the community knowledgeable about a lifestyle from which most are a few generations removed.
Melinda Rodas, co-owner of Stoney Ridge Maple in Farmington, discussed the merits of maple syrup with passersby who paused to taste syrup and look at their bottles, candies and pancake mixes. Like other vendors, Rodas eagerly offered samples and brochures to help them better appreciate and understand their agricultural product.
During the emceed wagon ride tour of the farm, visitors also heard expert presentations at stops along the route such as from Karl Czymmek, senior extension associate with Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Science Department of Animal Science. Stationed by a manure tanker, they explained the value of manure to farms in naturally and economically enriching the soil — a concept many in the community don't consider when they share the road with a farmer hauling a manure tanker.
Other stops on the route for the fleet of seven hay wagons included the bunk silo, manure lagoon, and the free stall barn, where curious-looking cows raised their noses to sniff outstretched hands.
Visitors could also meet and pet a horse, sheep, chickens, a peacock, pigs, and goats that area farms lent for the day, since Lightland raises only dairy cows.
Dozens of sponsors, including producers, agricultural vendors and educational organizations, support and present at Fun on the Farm.
Children in 3rd and 4th grade were given the opportunity to visit the farm Friday, Sept. 29 for a special preview field trip.
The Lightfoote family has operated Lightland Farms since 1852. The fifth generation currently operates the dairy.
Julie Maslyn, one of the event's organizers, said that for a cool, overcast day, the attendance of about 3,500 was pretty good. But it's not all about numbers.
“We judge our success a little differently,” they said. “Crowd size is important of course because we are trying to reach out to our friends and neighbors and educate and entertain them. Our success is also in the amount of volunteers that we were able to recruit for the day — over 350 — and number of school kids educated the day before, 980.”
They advise other counties interested in hosting a similar event to consider the biennial schedule, so farms won't have to provide the money, time and services annually. Even though the farm host changes, the other farms in the county still help a lot.
It also helps to maintain a core of 10 or so people who perform the majority of planning and delegating. Stick with people who are good at what they do.
“For us, the same person is in charge of getting our volunteers fed on Saturday,” Maslyn said. “The same couple has been in charge of loading wagons and counting people for years.”
They added that to recruit helpers from each farm, it doesn't hurt to provide free food and an event t-shirt, either.
Maslyn said that successful fundraising is key to providing the event which charges nothing for parking, admittance, games and some food items and food samples.
Fun on the Farm raises $14,000 in donations from area businesses, organizations and educational institutions. Many donate services or products as well, such as single-serving cups of applesauce from Motts in Williamson, juice samples from Red Jacket Orchards in Geneva, and slices of pizza provided by Canandaigua Savings Bank.
“If you are just getting started with an event like this in your county, don't be discouraged,” Maslyn said. “This event has changed a lot since the first one, even the first few. The ability to change with the times, and follow what works has added to our success.”
NEW YORK (AP) — Jerome Segura scored 14 points on 7-of-9 shooting and handed out six assists to help Fairfield turn back LIU Brooklyn 76-72 on Sunday to snap a three-game skid.
Tyler Nelson topped the Stags (4-5) with 17 points, but they made just 6 of 18 shots from the floor, including 1 of 6 from 3-point range. Ferron Flavors Jr. came off the bench to score 12 for Fairfield, which heads home after a season-long seven-game road trip. The Stags haven't played a home game since Nov. 14. Flavors helped the Stags reserves outscore their counterparts 21-0.
Joel Hernandez led the Blackbirds (4-7) with 23 points and nine rebounds. Raiquan Clark added 19 points and seven boards, Jashaun Agosto scored 14 and Julian Batts chipped in with 10 points, six rebounds and four assists.
Flavors buried a pair of 3-pointers in the final minute of the first half to give Fairfield a 36-35 lead at the break.
Hernandez hit two free throws with 1:13 left in the game to pull LIU Brooklyn within 71-69, but Jonathan Kasibabu and Flavors hit 5 of 6 free throws in the final 29 seconds to preserve the victory.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
RENO, Nev. (AP) — A federal lawsuit accuses the ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens of racial discrimination at their rural Nevada dude ranch.
The lawsuit says wealthy philanthropist Madeleine Pickens told the African-American chef they recruited from the country club they own in California to cook “black people food,” not “white people food,” at the Elko County ranch.
Armand Appling says Pickens listed off fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread as good examples.
Appling says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the ranch stretching across 900 square miles, about 50 miles west of the Utah line. They allege they were fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment.
Pickens' lawyers say the comments were not racially motivated. At worst, they say, the remarks were rude and insensitive.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Westbourne Motorsport driver James Dorlin took two further victories in the Renault UK Clio Cup at Thruxton extending their win streak to four races and taking a four point lead at the top of the drivers standings.
Both Clio Cup races at the Hampshire circuit were shortened due to Michelin tyre issues so the racing had to be done within a maximum of nine laps. Even when the second race was shortened even further due to a huge accident between Lee Pattison and Zak Fulk, Dorlin managed to keep their advantage and gain victory twice again for the second weekend in a row.
Starting in position two for both of the races, the first race was a race long battle with Max Coates and Daniel Rowbottom which wowed the crowds at the circuit. Mature driving with a level head got them to the flag for their fifth victory overall in their Clio Cup career.
Getting around Clio Cup veteran Paul Rivett was to be their main aim for the second race and James managed to make it look easy. They then opened up a gap so that they aren't to be slipstreamed and overtaken. Victory was flawless.
Speaking after another perfect weekend, James said, “It's been another perfect weekend. We knew we'd be strong here after testing and the aim was always to bring across our form from Donington Park a few weeks ago and translate that into more silverware here.
“It's fantastic to be able to achieve it and I need to put a massive ‘thank you' on record to everybody at Westbourne Motorsport for preparing the car to such a high standard, and to all my sponsors who make this entire programme happen.”
Even after a stellar weekend, James knows there is still a long way to go in the championship, “Getting four victories in a row is an amazing feeling, but now the focus needs to turn already towards Oulton Park.
“It's a long season ahead, a lot can still happen yet, and we need to keep banking points whilst the momentum is on our side.”
Apple today debuted three new television advertisements featuring the device's TrueDepth Camera system and Face ID.
In “Adapts to Your Face,” Apple explains that iPhone X recognizes you, even when you change.
“Introducing Portrait Lighting,” has Apple showing off Portrait Lighting on iPhone X. Studio-quality portraits without the studio.
In “Opens with a Glance,” Apple spotlights Face ID. The most unforgettable magical password ever created: Your face.
× Tricky Situation for Fire Crews Fighting Blaze in Schuylkill County
MAHANOY CITY — Firefighters in Schuylkill County had a hard time trying to put out a blaze in Mahanoy City.
A double block home along West Spruce Street sparked around 4:30 p.m. on Friday.
Crews were faced with a difficult situation as the roads and sidewalks were solid ice.
Fire crews tell Newswatch 16 both sides of the home are unlivable.
The fire is believed to be electrical but fire officials say they will continue to investigate that blaze in Schuylkill County.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Police are investigating a reported shooting at the Graystone Place Apartments along the 2200 block of Afton Avenue in South Richmond. Initial reports indicated a man was shot in the stomach at about 5:35 a.m. Tuesday.
The man's condition has not yet been released.
First responders to the shooting scene said the victim was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
The shooting was reported just blocks away from Oak Grove/Bellemeade Elementary School.
Richmond Public Schools has not yet commented on how the situation might impact the start of the school day for students in the Bellemeade neighborhood.
This is a developing story. Witnesses can send news tips and photos here.
Rafael Benitez wants talks over their Newcastle future.
Are they the man to replace Arsene Wenger?
Full story: https://t.co/6MY1SFrrk6 pic.twitter.com/hpyUIcSkB8
Driven to despair, a Cape Town father stabs their tik-addicted son to death. What drove them to do the unthinkable? This Sunday, we look at the devastating effects of tik on families and entire communities.
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
AN exciting night of action will feature super-middleweight contenders Andre Dirrell and Jose Uzcategui in a matchup for the Interim IBF Super Middleweight World Championship plus two-division world champion Rances Barthelemy in a WBA 140-pound world title eliminator against Kiryl Relikh on Saturday, May 20 from the recently opened MGM National Harbor in Maryland and live on SHOWTIME.
The SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING telecast is headlined by WBC Featherweight World Champion Gary Russell Jr. making the second defense of their title when they face top challenger Oscar Escandon.
Top 168-pound contenders Dirrell (25-2, 16 KOs) and Uzcategui (26-1, 22 KOs) are set to meet in a 12-round matchup with the winner in line to face IBF champion James DeGale, who is currently recovering from injuries sustained in their draw against Badou Jack in January on SHOWTIME.
“This fight is a massive step towards my journey to success in 2017,” said Dirrell. “To me, this is my championship fight leading up to the rematch with the current champion, James DeGale. Jose has all of the tools of a champion, so he's fierce competition for me. But I will show the world that I'm up for the task. This is my year!”
“I'm very excited to be facing a fighter the quality of Andre Dirrell,” said Uzcategui. “These are the types of fights that I've wanted and I look forward to coming out victorious. This fight will be another step on the way to my dream of becoming a world champion.”
A world champion at 130 and 135-pounds, Barthelemy (25-0, 13 KOs) and the former world title challenger Relikh (21-1, 19 KOs) will battle in 12 rounds of action for the right to be the mandatory challenger for current WBA Super Lightweight Championship held by unified champion Julius Indongo.
“I'm very excited to be back in the ring, especially on SHOWTIME against a top-ranked contender in Kiryl Relikh,” said Barthelemy. “This victory will get me one step closer to fulfilling my dream of becoming the first Cuban to win world titles in three different weight classes. I'm very motivated and I will not be denied on May 20.”
“I'm thrilled to have this opportunity in a world title eliminator,” said Relikh. “Rances Barthelemy is a good fighter, but my experience at this weight will help me get the victory. I'm ready to do whatever it takes to get this win and eventually wear that world title belt around my waist.”
Representing their hometown of Flint, Michigan, Dirrell looks to take one step closer to a rematch with DeGale after dropping a narrow decision to the current IBF champion in May 2015. The 33-year-old bounced back from the defeat in their last outing by earning a wide unanimous decision over Blake Caparello last April. After a decorated amateur career that saw them win two U.S. Amateur World Championships in addition to an Olympic bronze medal, Dirrell was unbeaten in their first 18 pro fights before losing a split decision to Carl Frosh in 2009.
Born in Venezuela, Uzcategui now fights out of Baja California, Mexico, where they won two fights last year by knockout. The 26-year-old shot up the rankings in 2015 when they stopped previously unbeaten Julius Jackson in the second round after knocking their opponent down four times. Uzcategui was undefeated in their first 22 pro fights and enters this bout on a four-fight win streak.
A Cuban amateur national champion, 30-year-old Barthelemy has yet to taste defeat since turning pro in 2009. Born in Cuba but now fighting out of Las Vegas, Nev. they won a super featherweight world title in July 2014 by defeating Argenis Mendez in impressive fashion, and followed that up with a second round TKO victory over Angino Perez. After dominating former champion Antonio DeMarco in June, they won a world title in a second division when they impressively defeated Denis Shafikov in December. Most recently, Barthelemy made the lone defense of their lightweight belt with a decision over former champion Mickey Bey last June.
Fighting out of Minsk, Belarus, Relikh returns to the ring after challenging the former champion Burns for the WBA title in October 2016. The 27-year-old was undefeated after turning pro in 2011 leading up to their world title shot. Relikh owns wins over veteran contenders Christian Ariel Lope, Joaquim Carneiro and Lazaro Santos de Jesus.
POMEROY — “When you wish upon a star, makes no different who you are.”
Whether you're young, or young at heart, everyone has a soft spot for Disney movies and the familiar songs that you can't seem to get out of your head. River City Players (RCP) will be presenting “Magical Dreams: The Music of Disney” at 7 p.m. on April 21, and 22 and at 2 p.m. on April 23 at Wolfe Mountain Entertainment (WME). Tickets will be $5 a person and $3 for ages 5 and under and will be available at the door.
The evening of Disney music will include musical selections from Disney classics such as “Cinderella,” “The Jungle Book,” “The Little Mermaid,” and “Beauty and the Beast,” as well as some of the animation giant's more recent films including “Tangled,” “Frozen,” and “Moana,” just to name a few.
“We're constantly listening to Disney music while painting and working on other shows, in addition to just singing to ourselves in our every day lives, so we decided to share our love of Disney and pull together a show that consisted of just Disney music,” said Directors Dan Dunham and Nathan Jeffers. “We've been talking about this show for several months and we're really excited that it's finally here.”
These performances will differ slightly from previous RCP events. While there is typically a “fourth wall” between the audience and the actors during a performance, the audience will not only be encouraged to interact with some of WME's characters appearing throughout the evening, but they will be welcome to sing along with their favorite songs. There will also be a special section in the front of the WME ballroom where those attending can bring pillows, blankets, or beanbag chairs and watch the show while relaxing and having a great time.
Those performing in this show will include Nathan Becker, Diana Bissell, Janis Carnahan, Tony Carnahan, Dan Dunham, Veronica Grimm, Jessica Holliday, Mackenzie Hornsby, Claire Howard, Nathan Jeffers, Sara Michael, Amy Perrin, Lara Perrin, Brian Reed, Jesse Rivers, Kyler Rogers, Piper Smeck, Renee Stewart, Shyra Summers, Gary Walker, and Bruce Wolfe, as well as the WME Community Choir.
For more information on RCP's and WME's upcoming events, follow RCP and WME on Facebook.
Information for this article submitted by Nathan Jeffers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is again railing against the news media, calling them a “stain on America.”
In a tweet Sunday, Trump blasts the lack of attention over what they describe as “false and defamatory stories” by the “Fake News Media.”
“They are out of control – correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed…a stain on America!” Trump writes.
Over the past two weeks, ABC News and CNN have had to issue corrections and clarifications on stories that initially had been damaging to the president but didn't live up to scrutiny. And on Saturday, Trump demanded and received an apology from a Washington Post reporter over a photo of Trump's Florida rally on Friday that made it look sparsely attended.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
April 3 AccorHotels
* Says acquires VeryChic, a digital platform for private sale of luxury hotel rooms and apartments a digital platform for the private sale of luxury hotel rooms and apartments, cruises, breaks and packages.
* It says VeryChic offers, via its website and mobile application, more than 4,000 exclusive private sales at attractive prices to a member base of more than 5 million.
* AccorHotels did not give value of transaction
* Says transaction will strengthen AccorHotels expertise in private sales and enable VeryChic to accelerate international development. Further company coverage: (Reporting by Paris Newsroom)
Food offers $3 million
Projects to cost a total of $18 million
By Ryan Kushner
Staff writer
It was a whirlwind of a week for Isle of Wight County Schools as Smithfield Foods announced a $3 million donation to Smithfield High School and school administrators unveiled plans for new buildings and an influx of career and technical education programs at its high schools.
The $3 million “Smithfield Foods Legacy Project” was revealed Thursday by Foods CEO Kenneth Sullivan and will fund three new building projects at Smithfield High, including a JROTC fieldhouse, a Makerspace and a multi-use pavilion modeled in part after The Smithfield Center.
But the surprises didn't end there. Administrators used the opportunity to announce the division's plans to introduce renovations to the school's cafeteria and media center, and the construction of a collaborative space and an exercise room in the high school's main building.
By The Associated Press
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (AP) — Authorities say a driver overdosed on heroin behind the wheel and crashed into a police cruiser leading a funeral procession in West Virginia.
The Herald-Dispatch reports that Huntington police say a green sedan ran a red light and struck the cruiser driven by a reserve officer about 3:40 p.m. Saturday. No one was injured and the cruiser was damaged but still drivable.
Criminal complaints from Cabell County Magistrate Court say the driver is identified as a 44-year-old Hurricane woman who told police she'd injected heroin before driving. They were found unconscious and revived with naloxone.
The woman refused medical attention and was arraigned for a misdemeanor DUI charge before being held in Western Regional Jail.
Police Chief Joe Ciccarelli says two passengers in the sedan also were cited for misdemeanors.
___
Information from: The Herald-Dispatch, http://www.herald-dispatch.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Researchers have discovered what looks to be the largest volcanic region on Earth, revealing an invisible network of almost 100 unknown volcanoes lying hidden beneath the Antarctic ice sheet.
A remote survey of what's called the West Antarctic Rift System uncovered 138 volcanoes in total – 91 of which had never been detected before – and scientists say it's imperative we find out if any of these hidden peaks remain active.
"The big question is: how active are these volcanoes? That is something we need to determine as quickly as possible," geoscientist Robert Bingham from the University of Edinburgh in the UK told The Guardian.
"Anything that causes the melting of ice – which an eruption certainly would – is likely to speed up the flow of ice into the sea."
Bingham's team studied the rift system lying underneath the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, analysing ice-sheet bed-elevation data sourced from a database called Bedmap 2.
What they were looking for were conical edifices protruding upwards into the ice across West Antarctica – pretty much the same thing we see when topside volcanoes extend out of Earth's surface.
Of course, we can't physically see these volcano peaks when they're hidden underground, but ice-penetrating radar signals can detect their basalt rock forms within the ice sheet.
Some 47 subglacial volcanoes had previously been found in Antarctica, but the discovery of these 91 new peaks – along a region reaching approximately 3,500km (2,175 miles) between Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf and the Antarctic peninsula – suggests there could be many, many more than scientists thought.
"We were amazed. We had not expected to find anything like that number," Bingham told The Guardian.
"I think it is very likely this region will turn out to be the densest region of volcanoes in the world, greater even than east Africa, where mounts Nyiragongo, Kilimanjaro, Longonot and all the other active volcanoes are concentrated."
The identified volcanoes extend in height from 100 metres (328 feet) to 3,850 metres (12,631 feet), and while the researchers don't yet know if any of them are active, it's important we find out.
Because these volcanoes are buried under kilometres of ice, it's unlikely they could pose a direct immediate threat to anything on the Antarctic surface – but if one were to erupt, it could heat and melt the ice above it, potentially rising sea level.
Aside from that concern, the researchers speculate that the activity of volcanoes could in fact be linked to their level of ice cover – or rather, the lack of it.
"The most volcanism that is going in the world at present is in regions that have only recently lost their glacier covering – after the end of the last ice age," Bingham said.
"Theory suggests that this is occurring because, without ice sheets on top of them, there is a release of pressure on the regions' volcanoes and they become more active."
As the true, extended scope of the West Antarctic Rift System has only recently been detected, it could be some time before we know the real impact of this discovery.
But it's a part of the world already undergoing tremendous, unrecognisable changes – so we can only hope this amazing find doesn't portend ominous news.
The findings are reported in the Geological Society's Special Publications.
0 Florida student makes racist prom proposal
SARASOTA, Fla. - There are many inventive ways to ask someone to the prom, but a Florida teenager is being criticized after they used a racist sign to invite their girlfriend.
>> Read more trending news
The sign created by Noah Crowley, 18, of Sarasota, read “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms,” the Herald-Tribune of Sarasota reported.
Come on Noah. We have to do better than this. This is why racism is still a thing, “let me see what I can get away with”. Smh. #noahcrowley #lowkeyracism pic.twitter.com/tXvnEtcey9 — Cherita Is Random (@cheritaisrandom) April 23, 2018
Crowley's fellow students at Riverview High School found a photograph of the sign on the female student's Snapchat. The girl put two heart-eye emojis in their caption for their Snapchat post.
Students responded on social media, saying they were “disgusted” by the sign.
“Come on Noah. We have to do better than this,” one person tweeted. “This is why racism is still a thing, ‘let me see what I can get away with.'”
Another student tweeted the image and said, “He seems to not know about America's history. Racism is a problem. Definitely should not be allowed to go to the prom!!”
Riverview senior Anton Kernohan said while the sign was racist, it revealed an important point.
“I think it is actually important that this issue occurred on some level,” Kernohan told the Herald-Tribune. “It shows that racism is still alive and well in our society, and it shows that racism is still alive in my generation and it is something that we as the youth will have to continue to fight against.”
Sarasota County Schools released a statement Monday saying it did not “condone” the sign, the Herald-Tribune reported.
“Although this message is one student's opinion, we take the matter of racial relations and school safety seriously, and we look forward to working with our students and these outside groups to have a meaningful and informative dialogue and expanded curriculum related to this important national topic,” the statement said.
District officials said they are reviewing whether any disciplinary action will be taken against the student, the Herald-Tribune reported.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
MOSCOW (AP) — A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of New Year's Eve, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children to see the holiday tree in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The popular pub on the A417 has new landlords and they can't wait to 'reintroduce the pub to the locals.'
The Highwayman Inn, located in Beech Pike, Elkstone, has been taken over by Ian and Tina Blake who previously ran The Riverside Inn at Lechlade.
Both pubs are owned by Arkell's Brewery, a family brewer dating back to 1843 which has pubs in Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Berkshire and Oxfordshire.
The pub is also known across the county as it is located a mile from the infamous A419 route to Birdlip and often features on traffic reports.
Mr Blake said: "We're thrilled to have taken over The Highwayman.
"It's a fantastic pub with a big car park so it's perfect for people wanting to stop en route between the Midlands and the Cotswolds.
"But, and this is the thing we particularly like about it, we've also got the opportunity to reintroduce the pub to the locals again, especially after a neighbouring pub The Five Mile House sadly closed its doors as a pub a year or so back.
“Winstone and all the Duntisbournes are all close by, and Cirencester's just five miles down the road, so we're looking forward to meeting the locals again."
The Highwayman Inn has served the passing trade going north out of Cirencester on the old Ermin Way for the past 400 years.
The 16th century coaching inn has letting rooms, bar and restaurant and a large beer garden.
George Arkell, Arkell's Brewery managing director, said: "Ian and Tina are old hands at running pubs and it's great to have them in charge at The Highwayman.
"It's a traditional pub owned by our 175-year old family brewery and it deserves landlords who enjoy getting to know the local community.”
The Highwayman Inn is open from 12pm to 2pm and 6pm until late on Tuesday to Saturday, Sunday 12pm to 2.30pm and closed on Mondays.
By CRISTINA JANNEY
RUSSELL — Fire investigators have been unable to determine a cause of a fire that burned the Fossil Station restaurant and convenience store Sunday.
Lt. Jordan Harrison of the Russell City Fire Department said the fire likely started in a former kitchen that was being used as a storage room. However, the building was too badly burned to determine a cause. The Kansas State Fire Marshal's office assisted with the investigation.
The business remains closed.
The building had smoke and water damage throughout. A dollar estimate on the damage has yet to be determined. Harrison said the damage estimate was taking some time because the owners need to account for the inventory that was lost in the fire.
The fire crews were dispatched to the business at 1410 Fossil St. at about 1:40 a.m.
The 911 caller had reported the building was filling up with smoke. An on-duty Russell police officer had arrived on scene and advised there were flames visible from the back room on the convenience store side, near an old drive-through window.
Upon arrival of the first RCFD personnel, mutual-aid was requested from Russell-Grant Township Fire Department and Gorham Fire Department. The fire was brought under control around 3 a.m., but firefighters were on-scene until 10:45 a.m. performing salvage and overhaul operations.
Firefighters were assisted by Russell County EMS, Russell Police Department, Russell County Sheriff's Office, Kansas Highway Patrol, Russell-Ellsworth County Emergency Management, and the City of Russell Electric and Water Departments.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 -- A single session of meditation can lower your anxiety levels, a small new study finds.
"Our results show a clear reduction in anxiety in the first hour after the meditation session, and our preliminary results suggest that anxiety was significantly lower one week after the meditation session," said study author John Durocher.  They are an assistant professor of physiology at Michigan Technological University's department of biological sciences.
Anxiety can raise the risk for heart disease: Previous studies have shown that arterial stiffness may be worsened by traumatic life events, job strain, depression and either short-term or chronic anxiety, the researchers said. Heart changes linked with anxiety can lead to high blood pressure and organ damage.
For the study, Durocher and their colleagues recruited 14 participants with normal blood pressure but high levels of anxiety. The investigators evaluated the volunteers' heart rate, blood pressure, aortic blood pressure and arterial stiffness before and after a 60-minute guided beginner mindfulness meditation session. This type of meditation focuses on breathing and awareness of one's thoughts.
"This study is different because we examined the effect of a single mindfulness meditation session on anxiety and cardiovascular outcomes, while other studies have examined the effect of several days or weeks of mindfulness meditation," Durocher explained.
The study was to be presented Monday at the American Physiological Society annual meeting, in San Diego. Research presented at meetings is considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal.
The research showed that a one-hour session had notable benefits. Most of the participants continued to practice mindfulness meditation and experienced even more improvements one week later.
"Participants also had reduced mechanical stress on their arteries an hour after the session. This could help to reduce stress on organs like the brain and kidneys and help prevent conditions such as high blood pressure," Durocher said in a meeting news release.
"The results suggest that a single mindfulness meditation session may help to reduce cardiovascular risk in those with moderate anxiety," they added.
The U.S. National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health provides more information on meditation.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Celebrity's airport fashion choices run the gamut, from comfy leggings (Oh hey, Kim K!) to the sexiest lace crop top (Ahem, Kendall), but whether an A-lister is flying under the radar or stepping out at Arrivals, one thing is almost always sure to make their airport shot: a really reliable, low-key carry-on.
And one in particular has been popping up in the company of celebs lately: the little black dress of luggage, Away's simply named The Carry-On.
RELATED: These Are the Best, Smartest, Most Rugged Carry-Ons According to Travel Experts
The brand, founded by two former Warby Parker executives, has partnered up with Suki Waterhouse for a millennial pink-hued collaboration with their brand Pop & Suki, released a two-tone beauty with Madewell, paired up with West Elm for platinum and gold options, and donned minion yellow for a special issue roller celebrating the animated movie.
WATCH THIS: Why Didn't We Think of These?! HSN Star Joy Mangano Gives 6 Smart Packing Tips
But more often then not, you'll see a celeb toting the classic black carry-on, which retails for a reasonable-in-the-luggage world, $225 (larger sizes go up to $295).
Mandy Moore, Karlie Kloss, Margot Robbie and Jessica Alba are Away loyalists. And Emily Ratajkowski, Adrien Brody, Jeremy Renner, Elizabeth Banks and Gabrielle Union have all been spotted wheeling the cult favorite.
RELATED: ‘Expert Packer' Kim Kardashian Reveals Them Top Tips (Hint: Ziploc Bags, Lots of Ziploc Bags)
The smart suitcase features USB ports for charging all your devices, a durable hard case and wheels that pivot 360 degrees for easily running to your gate (or dodging the paparazzi).
With Monday's episode, The Voice transformed its stage for the first time in Season 14 into Thunderdome. We all knew the drill: Two singers enter, one singer leaves. That is, unless the rejected contestant gets stolen by another coach. We also all knew as well as we knew the key advisors (Julia Michaels for Team Adam, Shawn Mendes for Team Alicia, Hailee Steinfeld for Team Kelly and Trace Adkins for Team Blake) which vocalists would emerge victorious from their Battles. Or at least we thought we did. Which singers lived up to our expectations, and which ones fell apart when it was duet-or-die? Read on. We'll discuss…
Team Alicia: Sharane Calister (Grade: B) defeated Jamai (Grade: C) on “Mercy” | The singing-telegram guy was right to worry when they learned that he'd be performing with against Sharane on Shawn's hit — I imagined they were gonna leave Jamai so far back in the dust that the dust settled around him. However, they were sounding pretty powerful in rehearsal; maybe I'd misjudged their potential? After dress rehearsal, Alicia advised their team members, “Don't try to be pretty.” After the performance, they might have wished she'd added a “too” in there. Perhaps having taken their suggestion too much to heart, the duo felt to me like they yelled the song as much as sang it before the whole thing devolved into a noisy mess of “Who can do a bigger, longer run?”
Team Kelly: Brynn Cartelli (Grade: B+) defeated Dylan Hartigan (Grade: B-) on “…Ready for It?” — Dylan stolen by Blake | Pre-Battle, I was sure Brynn would wipe the floor with their opponent, who you'll recall (no matter how you've tried to wipe out the memory) infamously deployed boy-band moves on a folk song. But this Taylor Swift hit lent itself better to what I guess are their trademark gesticulations than had Loggins and Messina, and they didn't sound half bad, either. (Those long high notes in particular — nice!) Brynn still sounded better, though. As sweet as their Blind Audition was, they managed to go big and growly here as if a number this aggressive was their natural habitat. Like Adam said, the kid's a star. As for Blake stealing the contestant that he'd just likened to a T-Bird from Grease… that was a bit of a head-scratcher. Dylan did get the crowd going, though. And, unless you were allergic to cheese, which he's as unlikely to stop serving as a fondue restaurant, they had that going for him.
Team Blake: Kyla Jade (Grade: B) defeated JessLee (Grade: B-) on “One Last Time” | Having been dispensed with in a Blind Auditions montage, JessLee went into their Battle at a distinct disadvantage; we had no attachment to them And Blake didn't do them — or, for that matter, Kyla — any favors by assigning them an Ariana Grande banger that even they noted wasn't in either of their genres. In rehearsal, Kyla had to be reminded that they aren't a backup singer anymore; they had to attack like a lead vocalist. On stage, well, mission accomplished. The competitors both started off pretty strong, but once they reached the chorus, Kyla easily overpowered them opponent. You could almost see them turning up the volume knob in their head — never struggling, never straining — leaving JessLee sounding a little shrill as they tried to catch up.
Team Adam: Rayshun LaMarr (Grade: B) defeated Tish Haynes Keys (Grade: B+) on “Sweet Thing” — Tish stolen by Kelly | Before rehearsals, the safe money was probably on Tish, whose technical proficiency had been so impressive in the Blinds. To stand a chance, Rayshun would have to not only channel their contagious enthusiasm — he's hard not to root for — but also get control of their massive voice. If they could do that, we'd have a real Battle on our hands. Aaand… At first, I thought they were oversinging a little, then I realized that duh, they had to come in at 110 percent just to match Tish's intensity level. They even sounded good during their end-of-song runoff. Regardless, the Battle had already ended, I thought, when Tish got their midsong solo — they just slayed, bringing to the fore both an incredibly powerful vocal and the star power that I remember wishing I'd seen in their Blind. No way should Adam have made them available to be stolen.
Team Alicia: Christiana Danielle (Grade: B+) defeated Shana Halligan (Grade: C-) on “Use Somebody” | I was flat-out looking forward to this Battle, if only because I'd been so dazzled by Christiana's “Hotline Bling” in the Blinds; I also wouldn't be all that sorry to see the last of Shana, who, cool voice notwithstanding, comes off so pretentious. During their Battle, Christiana was captivating — like, you couldn't take your eyes off them any more than you could your ears. (“Nefertiti-like,” Kelly called their presence.) Shana, by contrast, seemed affected, like they were trying to sound different, “special.” It didn't work. They were just totally outclassed by Christiana, who, especially in the rawer sections of their Kings of Leon cover, was stunning.
Team Kelly: D.R. King (Grade: A-) defeated Jackie Foster (Grade: B) on “Sign of the Times” — Jackie stolen by Adam | Confession: All I really remembered about these two from the Blinds was that I wasn't bowled over by either of them. So they seemed like a curious pairing to end the first night of the Battles with. In rehearsal, though, they made it sound like their duet was going to be monstrous — in a good way. Maybe nerves and dubious song selections had done them in — with me, anyway — at the Blinds? On stage, they made me hear at last the potential in them that their coaches had (and I hadn't so much) previously. Their harmonizing, in fact, was the best of the night. And when D.R. unleashed their turbo-powered falsetto, it became a whole lot clearer why the producers scheduled their and Jackie's Harry Styles cover to bring up the rear of the episode. With that showy move, I also thought (rightly, it turned out) he'd won the Battle. Mind you, off their strong performance, Jackie had their pick of the other three coaches.
So, what did you think of the first Battles? Which singer's performance most wowed you? Vote in the poll below, then hit the comments.
COLUMBUS, Ga. — Columbus State University has selected their next provost and executive vice president.
Deborah Bordelon has been at Governors State University since 2008 where they were dean of their College of Education before being appointed to provost in 2013.
Before moving to Illinois, they held teaching and administrative posts at Nicholls State University and Xavier University in Louisiana.
Bordelon holds a doctorate in special education, a master's in education and a bachelor's degree in elementary education, all from the University of New Orleans.
They will take over from Tina Butcher, who has been serving as interim provost for about 18 months. They will return to their previous position as associate provost for undergraduate education.
Bordelon will start in February.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and U.S. relations with China (all times local):
___
5:45 a.m.
China has announced that it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said Monday that it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between Kim's government and the Trump administration in Washington. The latest U.N. sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion — a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
___
3:30 a.m.
Even as they seek Beijing's help on North Korea, President Donald Trump is poised to seek a trade investigation of China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking their trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, Trump plans to leave their New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
In a phone call Friday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for backing the recent U.N. vote to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea, and the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. But Trump also told Xi about the move toward a possible inquiry into China's trade practices, according to two U.S. officials familiar with that conversation. They were not authorized to publicly discuss the private call and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BOSTON (AP) — The Ottawa Senators needed a late rally in Game 2 to tie up their Eastern Conference quarterfinal matchup with the Boston Bruins.
In Game 3 they had to stave off a furious charge by the Bruins to regain the series lead.
Bobby Ryan scored on a tip-in on a power play 5:43 into overtime, and the Ottawa recovered after giving up a three-goal lead to beat Boston 4-3 Monday night and take a 2-1 edge in the first-round series.
Just over a minute after Bruins center Riley Nash received a 2-minute penalty for roughing Ryan, Ryan got free in the zone, tapping it in on assists by Kyle Turris and Erik Karlsson. Mike Hoffman added two goals for Ottawa, with Derick Brassard scoring the other. Craig Anderson finished with 17 saves.
Advertisement
“I always say that you make your money during the season, but you make your reputation in the playoffs, and right now he's showing everybody that he's a gamer,” Senators coach Guy Boucher said of Ryan.
It was the second straight overtime game of the series, and second consecutive win for the Senators following their 4-3 victory in Game 2.
Game 4 is Wednesday night in Boston.
This time Bruins rallied from a 3-0 deficit with three goals in second period, tying the game on a power play goal by David Pastrnak.
Noel Acciari and David Backes also scored for the Bruins. Tuukka Rask stopped 28 shots.
“We were allowed to play in the second and third (periods), we were a better team,” Pastrnak said. “We had many opportunities to end it in the third.”
Bruin fans rained sustained boos on the referees after Ryan's goal and threw items on the TD Garden ice in protest of the Nash's penalty, which give the Senators the one-man advantage.
Boston interim coach Bruce Cassidy said the penalty took the energy out of their team's surge to tie the game in regulation.
“Yeah, I agree with you 100 percent — demoralizing,” they said.
Ottawa seemed to be cruising in the second period following Hoffman's second goal of the night off a power play to make it 3-0. But then Boston finally got going on the offensive end.
First, Acciari, who returned from injury, got Boston on the board on a tip-in off a miss by John- Michael Liles. That was followed 42 seconds later by Backes' slap shot after they broke through the Senators defense to swipe the puck and open the ice.
Then, the Bruins finally cashed in on Pastrnak's goal with Dion Phaeneuf in the penalty box for slashing.
It nearly nullified what was a dominating start by the Senators, who kept the action on their side of the red line for most of the first period.
The Bruins played through a rash of injuries in the first two games, and were missing defensemen Adam McQuaid, Torey Krug, Brandon Carlo and Colin Miller on Monday.
Acciari and center David Krejci both returned, but Boston struggled early to find much offensive traction.
Hoffman and Brassard scored just 25 seconds apart in the first period and exploited a depleted Boston defense to give Ottawa an early 2-0 lead.
The Bruins made up for their sloppy start and came out more aggressive on the offensive end in the second period, scoring three goals on just seven shots — including the two in 42 seconds — to get back into the game.
The Senators outshot the Bruins 10-3 in the first, taking advantage of several defensive breakdowns on their side of the ice.
Ottawa's first goal of the night came after Erik Karlsson flipped a pass behind Boston's defense to spring Hoffman on a breakaway. Hoffman controlled the puck and easily tapped it by Rask into the right corner of the net.
Then Brassard got on the board, slipping a slap shot by Rask for their second goal in two games.
Backes had the best opportunity to score for the Bruins in first period, but their attempt to fire a glove side shot by Anderson was wide right, striking the post.
It was the first game of the series that the Bruins had trailed after the opening 20 minutes.
“Momentums are crazy,” Anderson said. “Win your little battles and it goes a long way in the war.”
NOTES: Ottawa was 2 for 4 on power plays. … Acciari and Tommy Cross both played in their first NHL playoff games, bringing the total to 11 Bruins that have made their postseason debuts in the series.
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Aluminium Powder Market Report by Product Type (Spherical Aluminum Powder, Spherical Aluminum Powder) By Application / End User(Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry, Paint and Pigment Industry, Refractory Materials Industry) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Aluminium Powder Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Aluminium Powder Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Powder (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Powder Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-powder-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Aluminium Powder Market : Product Type
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
Aluminium Powder Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry
• Paint and Pigment Industry
• Refractory Materials Industry
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-powder-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Aston Martin has revealed pictures of two of the latest commissions from its very own Q division, the department tasked with bespoke commissions from customers.
The first of the company's so-called "Q by Aston Martin – Commission" creations is the Henley Royal Regatta DB11 Volante, created in collaboration with the venerable annual rowing event.
The car has been finished in White Stone, with an interior trimmed in Red Oxide Caithness leather complete with stainless steel crossed oar motifs and hand-painted pale blue accents inspired by the rowing club markings found on the blades of rowers' oars. The special edition DB11 also gets a black hood, forged gloss black diamond turned wheels, dark anodized brake calipers, smoked tail lights, exterior carbon fiber detailing and hood meshes – want to buy it? It'll cost you £199,995 (U.S. pricing and availability unknown).
The Henley Regatta DB11 Volante will form the centerpiece of an Aston Martin display at the event, which takes place from July 4-8 in Henley-on-Thames.
The second car to be revealed by Aston Martin is the DB11 Classic Driver Edition, which celebrates the 20th anniversary of the car collector website founded by entrepreneur Benjamin Knapp Voith.
The car is available as both the V8-powered Coupe and Volante and will cost $274,010. Just 20 examples will be built.
Inspired by Classic Driver's signature green and grey colours and Aston Martin's famous 1960s shade of Charcoal Grey, the Q by Aston Martin team says that it has developed a gloss dark grey paint, that lights up with a green twist when exposed to sunlight.
The unique colour scheme continues into the interior, where the seats, dashboard and steering wheel have been trimmed in Eifel Green Caithness leather. As what it calls a "final flourish," the Classic Driver logo is embroidered into the headrests in Parliament Green thread. Additionally, the Volante variant sports an exclusive Westminster Green textile roof. All 20 cars will also wear the Classic Driver logo on sill plaques and handmade enamel fender badges.
"Having worked closely with Aston Martin, and having kept a special place in my heart for the brand for almost three decades, I am proud to celebrate Classic Driver's anniversary with this limited-edition DB11," said Knapp Voith. "For me, seeing both brands unite for this bespoke car truly feels like the perfect match."
Source: Aston Martin
Billy Twelvetrees wants Gloucester to ‘get back on the wagon' at Kingsholm this weekend and erase the hurt from the heavy defeat to Sale.
The challenge of facing in-form early Premiership pacesetters Northampton awaits Gloucester and a win in front of their home fans would be the perfect tonic to lift the mood following their painful record-breaking 57-10 loss at the AJ Bell Stadium.
“Everyone involved in Gloucester – at Hartpury and at Kingsholm – it hurts,” said Twelvetrees, who starts again at inside centre against the table-topping Saints.
“Everyone feels it in when you lose. You walk down the street and you get eye-balled for good reason too and asked what's happened.
“We were heads down, working hard on Monday morning straight away because we want to get back on the wagon and it's a big one this weekend.”
Twelvetrees insists that lessons have been learnt from that harrowing night in the north-west that saw Sale score three interception tries, the first of which came from Byron McGuigan cutting out their pass, and another three while they were in the sin bin.
New head coach Johan Ackermann is still instilling their philosophy and England international Twelvetrees believes they can thrive playing an exciting brand of rugby with the ball in hand.
They said: “It's probably more mentally. We're all on the same hymn sheet in the sense of we all understand what we're doing where and when, and seeing opportunities in the game.
“You speak to any rugby player and it's a good brand of rugby we want to play and everyone wants the ball in their hand.
“Everyone runs around like a little kid out there because they want to get the ball in their hands and it's just about doing the right things at the right time, staying composed and being calm under pressure and executing it and getting on Johan's way of things as quickly as possible, taking the emotion out of it and doing the right things.
“We've looked at it, we know what we've done and we're a team and that's why rugby's brilliant - you get to do it a week later.”
Gloucester have not beaten Northampton in their last nine meetings in all competitions but Twelvetrees remembers the last time they beat them in September 2013 well as they struck the last-minute penalty to give them a 26-24 win at Kingsholm.
“I remember taking a restart and our boys were about five yards offside and we managed to get a penalty,” said Twelvetrees.
“It's one of those games where we were probably a little bit quiet in the changing room because we got away with it.
“We lost at home last year and the year before against them and no-one enjoys that.
“We're very eager about playing at Kingsholm. We love it, the fans love it and you see the feeling in the city when you win and when you lose.
“It's massive for us to be at Kingsholm especially after last Friday.
“We haven't had the best results against them, especially at away from home, but being at Kingsholm will be a different story.”
Siding Installation Middletown ismalleableoutside siding aimed at a household, castoff for adornment and weatherproofing, copyinglumber clapboard, sheet and board or willies, and recycledin its place of extrasuppliesfor example fiber adhesive siding.
A auxiliaryopening is a opening that is connected in an currentopeningfoundational as auxiliary of the remainingopeningvia the Best Window Company Old Bridge. Ancientweather-beatengapsworsen and developslackplus drafty.
The Analysis:
In a jam-packed frame gap and Siding Installation Hawthrone, slimabout the old opening is detachedbesides the childhood window mantle is uninvolvedtotally. The originalextra windows Central Jersey is protected to the wholeadjacent the window introductory, and the fit is swapped.
windows are obtainable in numeroussupplies like:
· timber
· aluminum-clad timber
· fiberglass
· cut-glasslumps
· vinyl-clad timber
Siding Installation Dover Englewood are occasionallycast-off when substitutingmaturetimber windows bysurrounds that remain in respectablesituation. In this circumstance, the new sparegap is connectedinside the presentborder.
Most sparespaces are factory-madedeprived of this paddleconsequently that they may be connected with triflingdisturbance to the presentslim, siding, piece pillar or externalfacing.
In The End:
The Best Window Company Toms River essentialextra not solitary to improvement of the entrance of the communitynevertheless also to harvest benefit of modern vigoreffectualopenings that carryalmost an inclusiveenhancement of the setting of the dynasty at low repeatedfee of heating system and preservation.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By The Associated Press
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's top court has ruled that election candidates cannot use religion or caste to seek votes, describing them as corrupt practices under electoral laws.
India has a Hindu-nationalist government, and most political parties select candidates in various districts based on caste and religious considerations.
The ruling on Monday is considered significant as it comes months before elections in Uttar Pradesh state where dominant campaign issues are caste affiliations and the building of a Hindu temple in place of a 16th century mosque demolished by Hindu hardliners.
Legislature elections are also due in Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur states.
Advertisement
Hindus constitute nearly 80 percent of India's 1.25 billion people, while Muslims comprise 14.2 percent and the remaining 6 percent adhere to other religions, such as Christianity, Sikhism, Buddhism and Jainism.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian Olympic Committee says its athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Olympics.
Sofia Velikaya says the ROC athletes' commission, which they chair, has heard from “all the athletes in all sports” on the Olympic program, with a majority in favor of competing.
Velikaya says no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott and adds “at the current moment, everyone's training and everyone's hoping to take part in the Olympics.”
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from the Olympics because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games, but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as “Olympic Athletes from Russia.”
Jewelers for Children will hold its Facets of Hope event on June 3 during the Couture trade show. This year's honorees are Jeffrey Cohen of Citizen Watch America and Bill Luth of Signet Jewelers Ltd.
“Jeffrey and Bill represent two very large companies in the jewelry industry, both of which have been involved in Jewelers for Children since 1999. In fact, both companies were at the table when the idea of focusing on children in need was discussed and the concept for Jewelers for Children was born. Bill and Jeffrey are both very active in Jewelers for Children and in addition to important donations, they use their influence in the industry to encourage others to donate. There could not be two more deserving individuals to be honored,” said David Rocha, executive director of Jewelers for Children.
Since its inception, Jewelers for Children has been a part of the Couture trade show, and the 20th anniversary event celebrates the success of the group's fund-raising efforts for the year, which according to Rocha tally “just under $2 million so far this year, with additional fund-raising activities happening in Las Vegas.”
“For years, I've been attending Jewelers for Children and never saw myself as being the one in the spotlight,” said honoree Jeffrey Cohen. “I knew I wanted to be involved with an industry-related cause and because JFC focuses on children, this really resonated with me. Being a father myself, my passion for children has naturally evolved and being nominated within an industry I've been involved with for over 30 years and having your peers recognize you makes me feel truly humbled.”
The event will begin at 6 p.m. in the South Seas Ballroom of the Mandalay Bay Resort Hotel Casino with cocktails, followed by dinner and the program beginning at 7:30 p.m. Following the event there will be a Hallmark Jewelry-sponsored after party with a three-song set by songwriter and Bulova collaborator Calum Scott.
“Calum is a true talent that Bulova is proud to work with,” noted Cohen.
Jewelers for Children was founded by the U.S. jewelry industry with the mission of helping children in need. The organization has raised more than $53 million for programs benefiting children whose lives have been affected by illness, abuse or neglect through charity partners St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, Make-a-Wish America and the National CASA Association. Jewelers for Children also provides support to Make-a-Wish International and the Santa-America Fund.
Asphalt Advanced Services is pleased to announce an expansion of its services to southern Colorado. The company is expanding to provide its premier asphalt and paving services to Pueblo and Freemont Counties.
Since 2009, Asphalt Advanced Services has provided exceptional asphalt and paving services throughout Colorado. The company prides itself on offering an assortment of asphalt and paving services to both residential and commercial customers. Headquartered in Colorado Springs, this expansion allows the company to offer its high-quality, affordable asphalt paving and line striping services to those in southern Colorado.
With an established clientele in El Paso, Teller, Douglas, Boulder, Weld, Larimer and Summit Counties, Asphalt Advanced Services is dedicated to continuing its position as the premier provider of asphalt, and paving services. Owner, Matthew Colligan, said “As the company grows and expands, our focus will continue to be on providing quality service at affordable prices. Our commitment to quality service is what has caused us to grow over the last nine years, and we look forward to providing the same quality of asphalt services in these new areas.”
Asphalt Advanced Services is available seven days a week to assist with a variety of asphalt and paving needs. The company offers asphalt sealing, line striping, paving, seal coating, crack filling and patching.
For additional information on the company, as well as the various asphalt and paving services offered, visit the Asphalt Advanced Services website or call 719-494-4894.
About Asphalt Advanced Services: Asphalt Advanced Services is a Colorado Springs-based asphalt and paving company servicing El Paso, Teller, Douglas, Boulder, Weld, Larimer, Summit and recently added Pueblo and Freemont Counties. Since 2009, the company has offered high-quality, affordable asphalt services, such as asphalt sealing, line striping, paving and seal coating to both residential, and commercial customers. The convenience, affordability and expertise continue to make Asphalt Advanced Services the premier provider of asphalt sealing and paving in Colorado.
Company : Asphalt Advanced Services
Address : Colorado Springs, CO 80921
Telephone : 719-494-4894
Email ID : Matt@asphaltservicesco.com
https://asphaltservicesco.com/
Market Scenario:
Companies such as Schneider Electric (France), Siemens AG (Germany), ABB Group (Switzerland), General Electric (U.S.), EATON Corp. (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro Limited (India), Power System Engineering, Inc. (U.S.), Texas Instruments (U.S), Toshiba Corporation (Japan), are the leading providers of substation automation solutions in the global market. The growing demand for retrofitting of conventional substations and smart grid are some of the main driving factors of the Substation Automation Market growth. The smart grid helps in reliability and productivity of power systems. On 03rd April 2017, GE signed a contract to deliver four electricity substations to power infrastructure in Saudi Arabia. This contract includes substation automation to regional control centers via SCADA system.
The advanced smart substation automation system is boosting the demand of substation automation market because it is widely used in the applications of power systems. The implementation of conventional protection is vital for substation. The requirement of this system are used for protection and control of this automation. It monitors the equipment's condition. These systems are integrated with intelligent electronic devices that can protect and control the system and offer high performance remote functions of power system management.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1016
Regional Analysis
The global substation automation market is studied in the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, the substation automation market is gaining high market growth due to the increasing popularity of advanced intelligent electronic device and communication technologies, which is propelling the substation automation market growth. Whereas, the European countries are emerging as substation automation markets due to the increasing demand for smart grids and are expected to grow at the highest CAGR over the review period. Asia Pacific countries such as China, Japan, and India are some of the leading regions in the globe in terms of market share.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the global substation automation market are Schneider Electric (France), Siemens AG (Germany), ABB Group (Switzerland), General Electric (U.S.), Tropos Network (U.S.), EATON Corp. (U.S.), Encore Networks (U.S.), Grid Net (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Cooper Industries (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro Limited (India), Power System Engineering, Inc. (U.S.), Texas Instruments (U.S.), Axiomtek Co. Ltd (Taiwan),Toshiba Corporation (Japan), Ametek (U.S.), SAE IT-systems GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), among others.
Global Substation Automation Market Segmentation
The global substation automation market is segmented into component, module, communication channel, industry, and region. The component is sub-segmented into recloser controller, capacitor bank controller, smart meter, load tap controller and others. The module is sub-segmented into SCADA, intelligent electronic device, communication network and others. The communication channel segment is sub-segmented into Ethernet, copper wire communication, power line communication, optical fiber communication and others. The industry is sub-segmented into utility, transportation, mining, steel, and others. The global market is spanned across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world.
The global substation automation market is expected to reach USD 51 Billion by the year 2023 at a CAGR of 6%.
Competitive Analysis
The global substation automation market appears to be extremely competitive. In order to target, segment, and position their sensors into the global market and to drive the market growth, the companies have to come up with advanced technological solutions to maintain themselves in the competitive landscape. Market leaders are investing in research and development for innovating their products continuously and increasingly seeking market expansion through various strategic mergers and acquisitions, innovation, and cost-effective product portfolio.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/substation-automation-market-1016
Intended Audience
Associations, organizations, forums, and alliances
Cloud service providers
Customer experience solution providers
Government bodies and departments
Substation automation companies
Substation automation providers
Technical universities
System integrators
Managed Security Service Providers
Professional service providers
Research and development companies
Market research and consulting firms
Solution providers
Technology standards organizations
Technology investors
System Integrators
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 Global Substation Automation Market Segmentation
FIGURE 2 Forecast Methodology
FIGURE 3 Five Forces Analysis Of Global Substation Automation Market
FIGURE 4 Value Chain Of Global Substation Automation Market
FIGURE 5 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market In 2017, By Country (In %)
FIGURE 6 Global Substation Automation Market, 2017-2023,
FIGURE 7 Sub Segments Of Component
FIGURE 8 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module , 2017
FIGURE 9 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Component , 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 10 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module , 2017
FIGURE 11 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Component , 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 12 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module, 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 13 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module, 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 13 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Module, 2017 TO 2023
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
After three days, the jury in entertainer Bill Cosby's sex assault trial outside Philadelphia has been unable to reach a verdict on three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Deliberations were set to resume Thursday.
The jury must reach a unanimous decision. If the jury tells the judge they are deadlocked, they will have considerable flexibility under Pennsylvania law in how to respond.
___
Q: How long can deliberations go?
A: It's rare that juries go for more than a couple days, according to veteran jury consultant Art Patterson, a social psychologist with DecisionQuest, a New York-based trial consulting firm.
The Cosby jurors were picked 300 miles away in Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in the Philadelphia suburbs during the trial.
“Hung juries aren't that common because jurors want to reach a verdict, and they usually get to a verdict,” Patterson said.
If deliberations drag on, that's usually because either the panel is divided or, in complex cases, they are reviewing voluminous amounts of evidence. The Cosby jury got the case on the sixth day of the trial.
“People usually have their minds pretty well made up early in the deliberations process,” Patterson said.
Philadelphia-based jury consultant Melissa M. Gomez said: “There's a good chance that there are polarizations of opinion on either end, and they want to go through evidence carefully, simultaneously — those things are happening at once.”
___
Q: What happens if they tell the judge they are deadlocked?
A: In nearly all cases, a judge would tell them to keep at it, according to Pennsylvania criminal defense lawyer Ed Paskey, “as long as it's not going to do violence to their conscience or their individual opinions.”
Paskey, a former prosecutor with nearly 100 jury trials under their belt, said they have seen a judge tell jurors three times to resume deliberations, and in that case they did produce a conviction in a sexual assault case.
“It's a very, very rare occasion that a judge is going to let a jury off the hook on the first indication they're hopelessly deadlocked,” Paskey said. “If you start to get into three or four full days, then there is going to be some concern after that point that perhaps a jury is not going to be able to reach a verdict.”
Pittsburgh defense attorney Bernard Tully, a former prosecutor, said judges usually encourage jurors facing an impasse to try again, respecting one another's opinions, before they are willing to declare a mistrial.
“The language, a lot of times, that triggers this (is) if they come back and say, ‘We're hopelessly deadlocked and there's no reasonable amount of additional deliberations that would cause us to change our views,'” Tully said. “At that point, in all likelihood, the judge would declare a mistrial.”
___
Q: Short of a mistrial, can the judge take other action?
A: Patterson said judges have discretion to remove individual jurors under certain conditions.
“If the other jurors say to the judge, one juror will not deliberate, will not discuss facts, reasons, will not participate, judges have actually removed jurors. That's a very extreme move, but it can be done,” they said.
Tully said the judge would need “some foundation or basis for that radical step,” more than simply hearing that someone has dug in their heels.
“Jurors are not required to give up a real belief just to reach a verdict,” Tully said.
___
Q: What happens to Cosby if there's a hung jury?
A: The charges would stand. Prosecutors would get four months to decide whether to retry the case or abandon it. Tully said Cosby would likely get the same bail conditions — they are free on $1 million bond — as they have attended all the hearings.
___
Q: How do prosecutors decide whether to retry a case that produced a hung jury?
A: Patterson said the factors include prosecutors' own analysis of the strength of the evidence, how high-profile the case is and the cost to go through another trial.
“There's a phrase that's often repeated, that the evidence rarely gets any better after the first trial for the prosecution,” Paskey said. They said prosecutors also factor in the willingness of victims to go through a trial again.
Prosecutors can ask the jurors who could not reach a verdict if they will discuss what occurred. If they give the district attorney the sense there were several people willing to acquit, that would complicate a decision to retry him, Tully said.
“I would think they'd listen very heavily to what the jurors had to say, if they'll talk,” Tully said.
March 28 Kinross Gold Corp
* Kinross announces sale of Cerro Casale interest
* Kinross Gold Corp - deal consideration includes $260 million in cash, payable at closing
* Kinross Gold Corp - deal consideration includes assumption by Goldcorp of a $20 million payment obligation due to Barrick Gold Corporation
* Kinross Gold Corp - expects to use proceeds from sale for its organic development projects and to further strengthen its balance sheet
* Kinross Gold - agreed to sell 25% interest in Cerro Casale project in Chile, 100% interest in Quebrada Seca exploration project
* Says deal consideration includes $40 million in cash, payable following a construction decision for Cerro Casale
* Kinross Gold Corp - Kinross expects to use proceeds from sale for its organic development projects and to further strengthen its balance sheet Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Bank of America Corp. on Tuesday reported first-quarter earnings of $4.86 billion.
The Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank said it had earnings of 41 cents per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 35 cents per share.
The nation's second-largest bank posted revenue of $24.9 billion in the period. Its adjusted revenue was $22.25 billion, also topping Street forecasts. Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $21.54 billion.
Advertisement
Bank of America shares have climbed 3 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has increased nearly 5 percent. The stock has increased 61 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BAC at https://www.zacks.com/ap/BAC
_____
Keywords: Bank of America, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
PITTSBURGH, Dec. 11, 2017 - Patients receiving long-term opioid therapy for chronic pain sometimes demonstrate challenging and concerning behaviors, such as using more opioid medication than prescribed or concomitant alcohol or drug use. A new study, published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine, establishes expert consensus about treatment approaches that should be implemented when these behaviors arise.
Led by Jessica S. Merlin, M.D., visiting associate professor of medicine at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, the study pinpointed the common concerning behaviors, identified management strategies and established areas of consensus on the importance of each strategy.
"Due to increasing concerns about the risks of long-term opioid therapy for chronic pain and limited evidence as to their benefit, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released its Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain in 2016," said Merlin, who completed this research while at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. "These guidelines provide recommendations for monitoring patients with chronic pain on long-term opioid therapy, such as frequent visits and urine drug screening, but provide little guidance on how to actually address concerning behaviors."
Clinical experts from across the country who specialize in chronic pain and opioid prescribing completed each of four rounds of the online study. Forty-two experts participated in the first round, and their responses were grouped thematically to identify six common challenging and concerning behaviors:
Missing appointments Taking opioids for symptoms other than pain Using more opioid medication than prescribed Demanding or repeatedly asking for an increase in opioid dose Behaving aggressively toward provider or staff Using alcohol and other substances, including cocaine, methamphetamine, benzodiazepines and heroin
Of the experts who completed round one, 33 participants (79 percent) completed round two, which identified the management strategies they would use for each of the behaviors. Strategies that were consistent across behaviors included assessing risk and safety concerns, identifying pain symptoms, discussing the pros and cons of the behavior with the patient and providing patient education.
In the third round, thirty experts (71 percent of first round participants) were presented with the behaviors and corresponding management strategies. They rated each management strategy in terms of its importance to patient care. Of those who completed round three, 28 (93 percent) completed the final round, which used clinical scenarios to help participants generate consensus around the importance of management strategies where there was disagreement in the prior round.
Participants agreed that reducing or discontinuing the use of opioids should be a secondary step, taken only after the physician and patient had the chance to implement less drastic strategies. Merlin noted that this finding contradicts many of today's clinical practices, which often see providers reducing or stopping opioid therapy as a first step in response to governmental policies and licensure concerns.
Referral to other pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic therapies also were agreed upon as possible management options, but access to these treatments may be limited based on availability. Access to addiction services may be limited as well, and referral to these services was not indicated as a strategy for many of the concerning behaviors outside of additional substance use.
"This study is a step in the right direction toward providing guidance for managing difficult behaviors in patients being treated with opioids for chronic pain," said Merlin. "Additional research is needed to determine how these recommendations might be implemented in clinical practice and to understand the impact on patient outcomes."
###
Jane Liebschutz, M.D., M.P.H., division chief, Pitt School of Medicine Department of General Internal Medicine, was this study's senior author. Merlin is funded by a K23 career development award from the National Institutes of Health. A full list of coauthors and their institutional affiliations is available in the online publication.
Contact: Courtney Caprara
Office: 412-647-6190
Mobile: 412-592-8134
E-mail: CapraraCL@upmc.edu
Contact: Wendy Zellner
Office: 412-586-9777
Mobile: 412-973-7266
E-mail: ZellnerWL@upmc.edu
About the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine
As one of the nation's leading academic centers for biomedical research, the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine integrates advanced technology with basic science across a broad range of disciplines in a continuous quest to harness the power of new knowledge and improve the human condition. Driven mainly by the School of Medicine and its affiliates, Pitt has ranked among the top 10 recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health since 1998. In rankings recently released by the National Science Foundation, Pitt ranked fifth among all American universities in total federal science and engineering research and development support.
Likewise, the School of Medicine is equally committed to advancing the quality and strength of its medical and graduate education programs, for which it is recognized as an innovative leader, and to training highly skilled, compassionate clinicians and creative scientists well-equipped to engage in world-class research. The School of Medicine is the academic partner of UPMC, which has collaborated with the University to raise the standard of medical excellence in Pittsburgh and to position health care as a driving force behind the region's economy. For more information about the School of Medicine, see http://www. medschool. pitt. edu .
Deep Brain Stimulation Devices Market: Snapshot
The rise in the global geriatric population, increasing number of patients suffering from Parkinson's diseases (PD), and growing awareness about neurological movement disorders among patients have triggered the growth of the deep brain stimulation devices market. Globally, neurological disorders are one of the major causes of morality and accounts for approximately 12% of the deaths per annum. Of these, cerebrovascular diseases account for 85% deaths. Parkinson's disease is the most common neurological disorders after Alzheimer's disease. Symptoms associated with this disease include tremors, slowness of movement, muscle stiffness, and trouble with balance. Drug therapy is the most effective treatment option available to control PD in the initial stages. Though there are several stages of PD, surgical treatment using deep brain stimulation (DBS) devices is more frequently used to control symptoms of disease. DBS devices are an effective, clinically proven, and legally approved advanced treatment option for milk to serve PD.
View Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/deep-brain-stimulator-market.html
The market for deep brain stimulation devices for Parkinson's diseases is expected to grow at a robust rate of 11% during the forecast period of 2014 to 2020. The opportunity in the market is estimated to reach US$3.2 bn by the end of 2020. The growing burden of PD on healthcare systems, along with the uncertainty of economic conditions in some developed economies such as the U.S. and Europe has forced original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to develop cost-effective devices for PD treatment.
North America to Maintain Most Prominent Demand for DBS Devices
Geographically, the global market for deep brain stimulation devices market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World. North America currently serves the maximum demand for DBS devices for Pakistan's disease, and is expected to maintain its leading position throughout the forecast period from 2014 to 2020, growing at a CAGR of 9.3% in terms of revenue. The region is expected to gain market share of 44.2% by the end of 2020. The key factors attributed to their leading position in the global market are high prevalence and incidence rate of Parkinson's diseases in the region, aging population, demand for advanced deep brain stimulation devices and presence of high disposable income in the region.
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1435
The U.S. was the largest market for DBS devices for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. According to the centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Pakistan's disease is the 14th leading cause of death in the U.S. At present, approximately 1 million to 1.2 million people in the U.S. are suffering from Parkinson's disease. The U.S. is a major R&D and technology center in the world and holds a key share in the healthcare industry with advanced technologies, presence of top companies, and relentless developments. Significant R&D activities are currently being undertaken by the U.S. Government to introduce innovative drugs and devices to help the society in disease management.
Canada is another prominent market for DBS devices for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. According to the Parkinson's Society Canada, approximately 100,000 people in Canada suffer from Parkinson's disease. The disease affects nearly 1% of the population above 65 years of age and 2% of those about 70 years of age. Canada's healthcare system has implemented a publicly funded insurance program wherein the costs are controlled by both hospitals and doctors. North America was followed by Europe as the widest market for the DBS devices for Parkinson's diseases. The region is expected to contribute to 33.7% of the demand by the end of the forecast period of 2014–2020. Asia Pacific, though currently accounts for the third most prominent market for deep brain stimulation devices, it is expected to expand at a healthy CAGR of 8% during the forecast period of 2014–2020.
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1435
Some of the key players in global deep brain stimulation devices market are Aleva Neurotherapeutics SA, Boston Scientific Corporation, Medtronic, Inc., and St. Jude Medical, Inc.
–
New Delhi (Sputnik)After facilitating the return of Chinese soldier who was stuck in India for over 50 years, India will soon facilitate the release of Chinese crew members of cargo ship detained in India for more than a month.
The Chinese cargo ship named ‘Union Demeter' from Nantong in Jiangsu province in Eastern China, has been detained at Haldia port for more than a month by a court order as the company failed to pay refueling expenses. Owner of the ship, Nanjiang Tranvast Holdings, was declared bankrupt and left crew members on their own. The ship has been detained since it was unloaded at Haldia port in December last year.
Chinese Consulate General in Kolkata has coordinated with the local government in Jiangsu and the Indian authorities to facilitate the release of the crew members.
“With the joint efforts of all sides, progress has been made for resolving relevant problems. We believe that the crew members can go back home soon. We are in close contact with the ship's captain Dai Xiaosong about the situation on the ship and three diplomats including Cai Zhifeng, Deputy Consul General, have boarded the ship to see the crew members,” a statement from the Chinese Consul General Ma Zhanwu said.
Chinese shipping industry is in crisis due to failing demand and oversupply, causing several shipping companies to file for bankruptcy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Danika Glenn is a girl on a mission.
The 11-year-old plays on the Rockets competitive peewee C team of the Goulbourn Girls' Hockey Association. And they think the girls' teams deserve a trophy case dedicated to their on-ice glories at the Goulbourn Recreation Complex, where they have their home ice.
“So many arenas I have seen seem to have a lot of big trophy cases for the boys' hockey,” says Danika, who last year played on the Goulbourn atom C Rockets, who won 2017 provincial gold.
The Rockets' championship trophy sits in a general-purpose display case at the Goulbourn complex, where they share space with memorabilia from the swim club and the horticulture society. The rest of the girls' trophies are relegated to the coaches' basements, says Danika, a Grade 6 student at St. Stephen School.
“I want people to see how well the girls can play,” they said. “I think the boys get way more recognition than we do.”
Of the approximately 28,000 players registered with Hockey Eastern Ontario Minor, only 1,158 are girls. And “boys” teams often include girls, so the line between what is a girls team or a boys team can get a little blurred.
But Danika wanted to be sure the girls-only teams get the lasting recognition they say they deserve.
And so began their campaign. They first mentioned the idea of a trophy case for the girls at a hockey banquet last year. Stittsville Coun. Shad Qadri was there and asked them to send them an email. On Jan. 14, they took them up on their offer. Them mother, Agnes Rubaj, told them they had to write a “formal” email — it's different than texting your friends, Rubaj informed them daughter.
“I had to do proper punctuation. There had to be details. I had to do some persuading,” Danika explains.
In part, Danika's electronic missive to Qadri reads: “I can't help but to wonder why the Goulbourn Rockets don't yet have a trophy case. Is it because we are a girls hockey team?”
If money is an issue, the association and its volunteers would be able to raise the money, Danika assured Qadri, adding helpfully: “I think I spotted a perfect place in arena B at the GRC (Goulbourn Recreation Complex) to put our trophy case.”
For good measure, they cc'd Mayor Jim Watson and the media.
Qadri replied promptly, indicating they were in discussions with the hockey association and management at the rec complex. “I will find out the outcome of those discussions, and get back to you,” they said.
Danika politely thanked Qadri. The next day, they reported that the trophies “have already been accommodated” in a display case in the main foyer. “If you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.”
Danika decided they did, in fact, require further assistance. “The problem is the GGHA has many more than four or five trophies that we would like people to see,” they say.
They did some research, collecting photographic evidence of the real estate occupied by hockey trophies in other arenas, which they forwarded to Qadri. “I was at the arena in Kanata (KRC), the Kanata Rangers have their own trophy case. I was also at the Johnny Leroux arena in Stittsville, and the boys have a large trophy case. Please see attached photos.”
The issue of a trophy case has not been an easy one to resolve, says Cathy Bureau, the president of the Goulbourn Girls Hockey Association, which has 223 players on 15 teams and is now in its seventh year. Part of the problem is that the association is relatively new.
“I've been frustrated with trying to get answers. Maybe an 11-year-old will get things hopping,” says Bureau. “She's showing great initiative. That's how things get done.”
Qadri says recognition spaces are very important to community groups and they do their best to help. Two years ago, for example, Stittsville minor hockey offered to pay to build a new trophy case in the Johnny LeRoux arena because the old one was looking worn.
Qadri says it's not a girls-versus-boys thing. The number of groups keeps growing, so there's competition for space. “There are a lot of logistics around putting a showcase in city facilities in terms of space and location.”
Will the Goulbourn girls get their own trophy case? That's still unknown. Bureau has a meeting Tuesday with Qadri and the rec complex manager.
Dan Chenier, the city's general manager of recreation, says Ottawa does not have a specific policy on trophy display cases in facilities.
“Today's facility construction standards for new facilities generally does not include the installation of display cases, and many of the existing units were installed decades ago by sports and community associations or former municipalities. In situations where an association owns a display case, that organization determines what its content will be,” they said in response to the query from this newspaper.
“Other display units that are either owned by the city or whose ownership is not documented generally display trophies and awards for the clubs or associations that consider a specific facility their home base or where they play a majority of their games. Space in individual display units is generally worked about between facility clubs and the city's approach in terms of allocation of space would generally reflect the approach used for club wall banners where space is allocated between eligible clubs based on the relative percentage of hours booked at the facility.”
Danika's quest to get a trophy case has sparked an interest in current events, says Rubaj. “We're always teaching them that they have to speak up for herself.”
As for Danika, she's not giving up.
“I started it and I have to finish it. It's what's best for everybody,” they say.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said they are planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from their home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. They were photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied they were a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said they were pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” they said.
They blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said they doubt white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia “deplorable” but indicated school officials might be unable to block their appearance.
“While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space,” Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
Listen to live music throughout an interactive lecture with C.M. Russell Museum.
The event, “Charlie Russell & Montana Americana Music,” features author and musician Aaron Parrett. Parrett will discuss Charlie's banjo-playing years and the influence of cowboys on Montana Americana Music.
The event takes place on Friday, August 25th at 5:30 P.M. Tickets are free for members, $7 for non-members. It will take place at the C.M. Russell Museum, located at 400 13th St. N. in Great Falls.
Organizer Melissa Werber says in addition to the event, the night kicks of a two and a half day adult pastel painting workshop, taught by Steven Oiestad. You must register in advance for this workshop.
For more information on upcoming events and how to participate, visit the C.M. Russell Museum website.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–SE Louisiana-TCU Box
TCU 112, SE LOUISIANA 62
SE LOUISIANA (1-7)
Williams 3-7 1-2 7, Brailey 1-5 1-2 4, Carrier 4-18 0-1 11, Morrison 1-5 0-0 2, Underwood 6-14 2-2 18, Bush 0-0 0-2 0, Francis 3-9 0-2 7, Hall 0-2 0-0 0, Williams 0-3 0-0 0, Dawsey 1-3 0-0 3, Dugas 3-6 0-0 7, Scholvin 1-2 0-0 3, Totals 23-74 4-11 62.
TCU (7-2)
Moore 5-6 0-0 10, Ramirez 11-17 0-0 33, Thompson 3-8 2-2 11, Vann 1-1 0-0 2, Woods 0-1 2-4 2, Akomolafe 3-3 2-2 8, Coleman 1-3 0-0 2, Hellessey 3-7 0-0 6, Okonkwo 5-8 4-4 15, Christian 3-5 0-0 9, Heard 3-5 4-4 10, Ray 1-4 2-2 4, Totals 39-68 16-18 112.
SE Louisiana 22 23 8 9 —62 TCU 30 20 31 31 —112
3-Point Goals_SE Louisiana 12-37 (Williams 0-1, Brailey 1-4, Carrier 3-12, Morrison 0-1, Underwood 4-10, Francis 1-4, Dawsey 1-1, Dugas 1-3, Scholvin 1-1), TCU 18-39 (Ramirez 11-17, Thompson 3-7, Coleman 0-2, Hellessey 0-2, Okonkwo 1-2, Christian 3-5, Heard 0-2, Ray 0-2). Assists_SE Louisiana 14 (Morrison 6), TCU 32 (Heard 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_SE Louisiana 32 (Underwood 6), TCU 54 (Moore 12). Total Fouls_SE Louisiana 16, TCU 15. A_2,005.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — Actress-producer Krysten Ritter is becoming a novelist.
Crown Archetype told The Associated Press on Wednesday that it had acquired Ritter's “Bonfire,” a psychological thriller about an environmental lawyer and a company accused of dumping toxic chemicals. The book is scheduled for publication on Nov. 7. Ritter said in a statement that they welcomed the chance to “explore a character journey” and likened the writing process to studying an acting part.
Ritter is known for their starring role in the Netflix series “Jessica Jones.” Them other credits include “Breaking Bad” and “Woke Up Dead.”
ALOLA announces results of General meeting (KSE) Date: 24 Apr 2018 First Investment Co. announced results of General meeting held on April 24, 2018. Shareholders approved recommendation not to distribute dividends for financial year 2017.
User Name Remember Me? Password
Brasa Churrasqueria opens tonight in Old Metairie
this is a discussion within the NOLA Community Forum; South American steakhouse Brasa Churrasqueria (2037 Metairie Rd., (504)*570 6338),*opens tonight in Old Metairie in*the space formerly held by Chateau du Lac. The new restaurant is being opened by Antonio Mata and Edgar Caro, owners of Basin Seafood & Spirits ...
OWEN COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Police have identified the man who they say exposed themselves in front of children at McCormick's Creek State Park on Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
According to police, 45-year-old Brian Scott Ashcraft of Camby, Indiana is accused of standing in clear view of the public exposing themselves while taking photos of underage females.
When police arrived, they were not able to find the suspect.
A witness took photos of the man and turned them over to police.
Police say within minutes of posting the photos on social media, they started receiving tips, one of those tips identified Ashcroft as the suspect.
A warrant has been issued for Ashcroft, but they have not been taken into custody yet.
Neuroscientists at UC San Diego School of Medicine teamed up with direct-to-consumer genetics company 23andMe Inc. to survey genotyped research participants with questions like 'Would you rather have $60 today or $75 next month?'
Researchers at University of California San Diego School of Medicine have found a genetic signature for delay discounting -- the tendency to undervalue future rewards -- that overlaps with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), smoking and weight.
In a study published December 11 in Nature Neuroscience, the team used data of 23andme customers who consented to participate in research and answered survey questions to assess delay discounting. In all, the study included the data of more than 23,000 people to show that approximately 12 percent of a person's variation in delay discounting can be attributed to genetics -- not a single gene, but numerous genetic variants that also influence several other psychiatric and behavioral traits.
"Studying the genetic basis of delay discounting is something I've wanted to do for the entirety of my 20 years of research, but it takes a huge number of people for a genetics study to be meaningful," said senior author Abraham Palmer, PhD, professor of psychiatry and vice chair for basic research at UC San Diego School of Medicine. "By collaborating with a company that already has the genotypes for millions of people, all we needed was for them to answer a few questions. It would have been difficult to enroll and genotype this many research participants on our own in academia -- it would've taken years and been cost prohibitive. This is a new model for science."
According to Palmer, every complicated nervous system needs a way of assessing the value of current versus delayed rewards. Most people think of the "marshmallow experiment," they said, referring to the classic experiment where children were tested for their ability to delay gratification by giving them the choice between one marshmallow now or two marshmallows a few minutes later.
"A person's ability to delay gratification is not just a curiosity, it's integrally important to physical and mental health," Palmer said. "In addition, a person's economic success is tied to delay discounting. Take seeking higher education and saving for retirement as examples -- these future rewards are valuable in today's economy, but we're finding that not everyone has the same inclination to achieve them."
For the study, the team looked at data from 23andMe research participants who answered survey questions that could be used to assess delay discounting. For example, customers were asked to choose between two options: "Would you rather have $55 today or $75 in 61 Days?"
"In less than four months, we had responses from more than 23,000 research participants," said Pierre Fontanillas, PhD, a senior statistical geneticist at 23andMe. "This shows the power of our research model to quickly gather large amounts of phenotypic and genotypic data for scientific discovery."
By comparing participants' survey responses to their corresponding genotypes and complementary data from other studies, Palmer's team found a number of genetic correlations.
"We discovered, for the first time, a genetic correlation between ADHD and delay discounting," said first author Sandra Sanchez-Roige, PhD, a postdoctoral researcher in Palmer's lab. "People with ADHD place less value in delayed rewards. That doesn't mean that everyone with ADHD will undervalue future rewards or vice versa, just that the two factors have a common underlying genetic cause."
The researchers also found that delay discounting is genetically correlated with smoking initiation. In other words, people who undervalue future rewards may be more likely to start smoking and less likely to quit if they did.
Body weight, as determined by body mass index (BMI), was also strongly correlated with delay discounting, suggesting that people who don't place a high value on future rewards tend to have a higher BMI.
The team determined that delay discounting negatively correlated with three cognitive measures: college attainment, years of education and childhood IQ. In other words, the genetic factors that predict delay discounting also predict these outcomes.
In many studies that rely on surveys, particularly for those in which the participants are paid to fill out the survey, there's always a chance that some answered randomly or carelessly. Palmer's survey included three questions to assess how carefully the research participants were answering the questions. For example, one asked "Would you rather have $60 today or $20 today?" There's only one correct answer and the team saw only 2.1 percent of participants get even one of those three questions wrong, assuring them that the vast majority were answering the questions carefully.
"We are very thankful to the 23andMe research participants who took the time to complete our survey -- they weren't paid to do it, they are citizen-scientists volunteering their help," Palmer said. "It's quite a feeling to think that so many people were willing to help out in this interest of ours."
Palmer hopes to expand the study to a larger and more diverse population to strengthen their findings.
"An even larger study would help start identifying specific genes with a higher level of confidence," they said. "Then we can do hypothesis-driven studies of this trait with animal or cellular models."
While most research studies begin in test tubes, cells grown in the laboratory and animal models before moving to humans, the opposite is true here. After starting with these human observations, Palmer's team is now studying the same delay discounting-related genetic traits in rodent models. They want to determine if changing those genes experimentally changes rodent behavior as expected. If it does, they will be able to use the animals to study how those delay discounting-related genes lead to those behaviors, at a molecular level.
###
Study co-authors also include: Sarah L. Elson and Research Team, 23andMe, Inc.; Anita Pandit, Ellen M. Schmidt, Gonçalo R. Abecasis, University of Michigan; Johanna R. Foerster, Norwegian University of Science and Technology; Joshua C. Gray, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences; Harriet de Wit, University of Chicago; Lea K. Davis, Vanderbilt University; and James MacKillop, McMaster University/St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton and Homewood Research Institute.
Head coach Scott Sisson has 19 seniors on their Resurrection roster of 29 players. Many of them have been starting since the ninth grade.
Sisson said, "They're going to be put to the test this year and they seem game for it. they're excited about it. They keep the energy up. They were real dedicated this summer in the weight room. So, we're expecting big things out of them."
6-foot-2, 180 pound senior Blake Porter returns at quarterback. They completed 88 of 155 pass attempts for 1,195 yards and 12 touchdowns.
"He manages the game about as good as you can see, "stated Sisson. " Their throwing ability is a lot better. He's stronger and he's gotten older, he's gotten bigger also and that helps a lot."
Patrick Roth will be one of Porter's top receiving threats. They hauled-in 30 passes for 447 yards and 6 touchdowns last season.
6-foot-1, 210 pound senior tight end Caden Hinman made 16 receptions with 2 touchdowns in 2016 and they give a thumbs up when discussing Blake Porter.
Hinman said, "He's doing a great job of getting us the ball when they find us open and we have a lot of chemistry because a lot of people have been here for a while."
190 pound senior running Cearly Parker is ready to carry the load out of the offensive backfield. They were the third leading rusher last season with 443 yards and 8 touchdowns. Can Resurrection get back to the Class 1A State title game this season?
" We have a good team this year., "Parker said. "We worked hard. We've been together for a while now. So, I think we can do it this year."
Patrick Lee is back on the football team for their senior season after sitting out the 2016 season to concentrate on baseball. He'll return to the defensive secondary where they played in the 2015 State Championship game. They still remember the agony of defeat and wants to experience the thrill of winning the Class 1A state trophy.
"We've been working all summer and I think we've got a pretty good shot at it, "said Lee.
The Eagles take flight Friday night at 7, a road game at Perry Central.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
The Federal Government says the changes will help the sector raise additional cash.
The Federal Government says the changes will help the sector raise additional cash.
Investors taking a punt on capital raisings launched by junior explorers will again be able to access tax incentives after legislation enabling the latest scheme passed the Senate yesterday.
The Junior Minerals Exploration Incentivestill allows explorers to pass on tax losses to investors to be distributed as a tax credit to shareholders.
But it targets quicker calculation of the credits available to investors and prioritises those who have made new equity investments in the company.
The Federal Government says the changes will help the sector raise additional cash.
The JMEI replaces the failed Exploration Development Incentive scheme, which was scrapped in last year's Federal Budget after a low take-up rate during its three-year trial.
It was also criticised for delivering little to retail investors.
The decision was heavily criticised by mining groups, who pushed hard for the reintroduction of a rejigged version.
Like the earlier version, it applies only to greenfields exploration campaigns, but has a enlarged $100 million tax-credit pool over its four-year period of operation.
Association of Mining and Exploration Companies chief executive Warren Pearce said the revised scheme offered a substantial boost for mining juniors.
“The decline in greenfields exploration over the last decade is a significant concern and one that threatens to undermine the future growth of the mining industry in Australia,” Mr Pearce said.
The Bill will return to the House of Representatives for approval of minor amendments.
It's official: hundreds of thousands of Canadians will be paying higher interest rates as early as today.
After two years stuck at just 0.50%, the Bank of Canada finally raised its overnight rate by a quarter-point to 0.75%, marking its first rate hike in almost seven years.
Within 2.5 hours of the announcement Wednesday morning, the country's Big 6 banks started announcing they would raise their prime by the full 25 bps, taking it from 2.70% to 2.95%. (Note that TD Bank's mortgage prime rate increased by 25 bps to 3.10%, which affects variable rate mortgages. TD is the only big bank with a separate mortgage rate, and previously increased it to 2.85% from 2.70% in November 2016, independent of a BoC rate move).
Flashback to 2015 when the banks chose not to follow in lockstep the central bank's combined 50 bps in cuts. Instead they reduced their prime rate—the benchmark for variable mortgages and lines of credit—by only 0.30%.
The fact that this full rate hike (unlike last year's cuts) was passed down to bank borrowers hasn't gone unnoticed.
“(The banks) are much quicker to pass along the hike when they're the ones collecting the interest, rather than when they're the ones paying it,” CanWise Financial President James Laird told the Globe and Mail.
The increase in prime means most adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) holders and those with lines of credit will see their payments increase as of their next payment date. Variable rate holders won't see their payments increase, but they will see the interest portion of their payments jump while their principal portion declines.
ARM holders can expect monthly payments to increase approximately $24-25 a month based on an average mortgage debt of $201,000.
Those with thoughts of locking in will notice that fixed rates have already been creeping higher due to a 50+ bps leap in bond yields since early June. In the last 12 months alone, the 5-year yield has tripled.
According to Mortgage Dashboard, the average 5-year fixed rate available through brokers is now 2.46%, up from 2.42% a week ago.
Signals are pretty clear that the Bank of Canada isn't through with its rate hikes just yet. Many economists expect the bank will raise rates again at its October meeting, with potentially more to follow in 2018.
Here's a sampling of reaction to the BOC's rate decision yesterday and expectations for future rate movements:
“The (rate) statement provided little guidance on when we might expect another rate hike, but it is worth noting that today's move was not necessarily framed as simply walking back some of the stimulus provided in 2015. Rather, we think the bank's projection that economic slack will be fully absorbed by the end of 2017 raises the risk that policymakers do more than withdraw those 50 basis points of ‘insurance cuts' over the next year.”
– Josh Nye, Economist, RBC
“And so the tide begins to turn. Today's rate hike is little surprise and we believe it is an appropriate step…The initial indications are that the Bank fully expects to follow-through with another rate hike (reversing the emergency cuts of 2015)”
– Douglas Porter, Chief Economist, BMO
“Although it's an unspoken linkage, today's move needs to be viewed in concert with measures that OSFI, the Department of Finance and provincial governments are delivering to calm the housing boom. While we are looking for a slowdown, the Bank's 2018 forecast still has housing as neutral for growth (as it did in April) rather than an outright negative, suggesting that it sees the overall cocktail of policy measures (including its own rate hikes) as modest.”
– Avery Shenfeld, Chief Economist, CIBC
A Senate committee has laid out dozens of recommendations for how the federal and provincial governments can address serious court delays. If everyone agrees to follow them, the problem may be solved.
But not quickly. Nothing, short of a climb by the Supreme Court of Canada, will immediately stop some people who face serious criminal counts from walking free as charges against them are stayed due to the long delays they face in the justice system.
The Senate legal and constitution affairs committee's top suggestion is that the federal government legislate alternative remedies for trials that take too long, other than staying charges, then run these suggested remedies by the top court to ensure they're constitutional.
This is an interesting idea but a bit tricky: In 1987, the Supreme Court said that when a court delay violates the right to a swift trial, the only possible fix is to stay the charges. To allow a trial to proceed “would be to participate in a further violation of the Charter,” the court wrote. Staying a charge means the accused walks free, even if the charge is something serious such as murder. Last summer, in a case called Jordan, the Supreme Court set firm limits on how long criminal trials can take. Above those limits, a violation of the accused's right to a speedy trial is presumed and the case is stayed.
Friday, the Supreme Court will rule on a different case, called Cody, based on a long trial delay for a man who faces drug-related charges. Its decision could clarify some of the rules around excessive trial delays.
It's possible – if unlikely – the court will assist in resolving some of the problems that arose after the Jordan ruling, which led to several abrupt stays of charges, including first-degree murder charges against Ottawa man Adam Picard.
But no one can count on the court to shift position. So the government should move on those reforms suggested by the Senate committee that will make an impact, such as actually appointing judges to the 53 federal judgeships that are vacant.
Meanwhile, there is a responsibility among governments, judges, court staff, Crowns, defence and police, to try to move trials – and reform – along. The federal, provincial and territorial justice ministers need a clear plan when they meet in September. More money is needed too: triaging and managing court cases adds costs. So do attempts to address many causes of crime, such as poverty and addiction.
There's no quick fix. But the Senate has provided a map toward an eventual solution. Governments should follow it.
RICHMOND, Va. – Stress can find its way into our lives from time to time. Alissa Carpenter, Professional Trainer and Millennial Expert made a stop here in Richmond to share tips on how to effectively manage daily stress.
For More information: https://twitter.com/NotOkThatsOk
Tips on Managing Stress:
LONDON (AP) — The degenerative damage potentially caused by repeated blows to the head in soccer has been highlighted by a rare study of brains of a small number of retired players who developed dementia.
Fourteen former players were part of the research that began around 40 years ago and six brains, which underwent post-mortem examinations, had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
Four brains were found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) pathology, a possible consequence of repeated impacts to the brain, including heading the ball. A previous study of 268 brains from the general population in Britain found a far lower CTE detection rate of 12 percent.
The small sample size of former footballers prevented researchers from University College London and Britain's National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery from drawing any conclusions about the dangers posed by playing soccer as they released their research.
Advertisement
But researchers hope the findings provide the impetus for more substantial studies in conjunction with soccer authorities. The researchers require current or retired players to be willing to take part of investigations that could take decades to produce conclusions.
“Our findings show there is a potential link between repetitive head impacts from playing football and the later development of CTE,” lead author Dr. Helen Ling of the UCL Institute of Neurology told The Associated Press.
“This will support the need for larger scale studies of a larger number of footballers who need to be followed long term, looking at various aspects in terms of their mental functions, imaging of the brain and also markers that might identify neurological damage.”
England's Football Association said it is committed to “independent, robust and thorough” research, which it is jointly funding with the players' union. The Alzheimer's Society maintained that the latest “results do not provide proof that heading a football, or sustaining a head injury by any other means during the sport, is linked to developing dementia.”
“Exercise is one of the best ways to reduce your risk of dementia and it's important to ensure that people playing any kind of sport are able to do so safely,” Dr. James Pickett, research head at the Alzheimer's Society, said.
Concerns have grown in Britain about the impact of head injuries after campaigning by the family of former England striker Jeff Astle, whose death at age 59 in 2002 was attributed to repeatedly heading heavy, leather balls.
Astle's daughter, Dawn, is urging “current footballers or families of footballers to pledge the brain” for medical research.
“If we hadn't donated dad's brain, we wouldn't know what we know now — we wouldn't know what had killed him,” Dawn Astle said. “It's too late for dad. The research is so important for current players and for future players. That's why we need it.
“I think that's what is so very frustrating — the fact that it's nearly 15 years since my dad died. And the fact that nothing from any footballing authorities has been done. It is really indefensible and disgraceful.”
At least four members of England's 1966 World Cup-winning squad have developed dementia or memory loss.
In the United States, there has been a $1 billion settlement between the NFL and thousands of its former American football players who have been diagnosed with brain injuries linked to repeated concussions.
The British soccer research was instigated by consultant psychiatrist Dr. Don Williams, who started to monitor former players who were diagnosed with dementia from 1980. From Swansea in south Wales, Williams monitored the retired players and collected data on their playing and concussion history.
“In 1980 the son of a man with advanced dementia asked me if their father's condition had been caused by heading the ball for many years as a powerful center half,” Williams said. “As the brain is a very fragile organ, well protected within the skull, this was a constructive suggestion. As a result I looked out for men with dementia and a significant history of playing soccer, followed them up and where possible arranged for post-mortem studies to be carried out.
“The results suggest that heading the ball over many years, a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury, can result in the development of CTE and dementia. Thus the original suggestion has been shown to be of merit and worthy of further investigation.”
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parents have been left ‘devastated' after the sudden closure of the town's activity centre.
MAC Multi-Activity Centre, in Macclesfield, has shut its doors this week after months of financial difficulty and dwindling numbers.
The centre, which was used by children, mums and older people, needed £15,000 a month to keep it open, as well as having to find a further £10,000 to repair the flooring following flood damage.
Dozens of customers have taken to social media to express their shock and sadness at the sudden closure.
In January this year the owner of the centre, Andy Brooks, said the centre was on the edge of closing unless it found new funds.
After an appeal in the Express, the community rallied behind the Goodall Street community hub and Mr Brook's had said numbers were increasing.
However, just three months later, the dad-of-four, who built the centre himself, announced the closure on Bank Holiday Monday.
In a statement on their website, they said: “It is with great sadness and a huge feeling of disappointment that I have made the decision to close the centre. I have given it my all and tried everything possible to make it work but it is time to call it a day.
“We have for some time now been struggling and making a loss. Also with the amazing weather we have had, and the forecast for it to stay for some time, our numbers are not going to improve.
“With the addition of business rates along with high rental costs we cannot continue as numbers decline.”
Since opening in 2015 MAC has hosted the town's different charities and groups, including Space4Autism and Jabberjacks.
Mr Brooks thanked the groups and staff for their support over the past three years.
In the post they added: “The centre has been my life for the last four years, giving up all my time, and many times working through the night painting and making changes to give everybody who visited the best time possible.
“I would like to thank my family for allowing me to pursue this dream and without their support and hard work I don't think it would have lasted this long.”
Councillor Janet Jackson said it will be a big loss to Macclesfield. They said: “It is such a shame. I had heard of their financial difficulties but there are so few places in the town for youngsters to go. Part of what made it so important was the wide age range it catered for.
“The leisure centre is great but it's a bit out of town for people who don't have access to transport - and now with bus reductions. It is another blow to the residents of the town and it is very sad news.”
Dan Hardman wrote on MAC's Facebook page: “Devastated to hear this! We've been coming every Thursday for almost a year and saw how much work you put in.
“We are so sad to hear this. Good luck with everything and thanks for the memories.”
Mr Brooks could not be reached for a comment when contacted by the Express.
We don't have any details yet, but unfortunate news about of Pittsburgh Steelers OTAs on Wednesday. Photojournalist Charles Palla was on hand and reported that offensive tackle Jerald Hawkins had to be taken off the field with a knee injury.
.@steelers rookie offensive tackle Jerald Hawkins from LSU was taken off the field with a knee injury during OTA work outs at UPMC Rooney Sports Complex pic.twitter.com/YAPaCN2pTd — Charles Palla (@ChazPalla) May 30, 2018
Hawkins is in the mix to be the team's primary backup offensive tackle. We will update this story as more information comes in. As of now, it's being described as a non-contact injury, which is never a good thing when it comes to a knee.
Related Steelers miss golden opportunity not trying to sign Brandon Marshall
AFGHANISTAN will make its Test debut in 2019 when India hosts the cricketing minnows for its first five-day match since attaining full status, officials said Monday.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has unveiled the future tour schedule for the world's No. 1 team, with a Test series against Afghanistan included in the 81-match home line-up across all formats.
The board has not yet decided on a date for the historic visit from Afghanistan, which in June joined Ireland in becoming the newest teams granted Test status by the International Cricket Council.
However, reports suggest the match will be scheduled during India's home season in 2019/20, which is when the Test Championship will also commence.
“Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan, we decided to host their first Test,” BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary said in New Delhi.
India has acted as a mentor for Afghanistan cricket, allowing the national side from the war-torn nation to play home matches for shorter formats of the game on the outskirts of Delhi.
Earlier this year, spin sensation Rashid Khan and former captain Mohammad Nabi became the first two Afghan players to be picked in the Indian Premier League auctions.
Ireland is set to play its first Test against Pakistan in May.
— AFP
HELPING HANDS: Designers are lending a hand to victims of a fire that broke out in a London apartment building Tuesday night, leaving at least 12 dead and 64 injured, according to London's Metropolitan Police.
The blaze at Grenfell Tower in West London and was still raging on Wednesday morning.
The fire brigade sent 40 engines, 14 fire rescue units and more than 200 firefighters and officers to the 24-story tower block that's not far from Westfield Shopping Centre and Portobello Market. A number of fashion labels are based nearby, including Preen by Thornton Bregazzi, Matthew Williamson and Temperley London.
Fashion figures and brands including Nick Knight, Temperley London, Charlotte Olympia and Preen have been sharing addresses of help points for victims on Instagram.
“We want to express our deepest condolences to everyone who has been affected,” Alice Temperley said. “Our thoughts and prayers are with them. We will be doing a collection of essentials and delivering the items to local help points.”
Meanwhile, a spokesperson for Westfield London said it is in direct contact with the authorities to offer support where required. “We are also in contact with Lancaster West Residents Association, which covers Grenfell Tower, to establish the immediate needs of those affected and how we can assist,” they said. “We are currently coordinating donations of supplies from Westfield, retailers and other local businesses. Our thoughts are with all those from our local community affected and we will continue to work with our neighbors to support at this difficult time.”
“Crews wearing breathing apparatus have been working in extremely difficult conditions to rescue people and bring this fire under control,” said London fire commissioner Dany Cotton. “The cause of the fire is not known at this stage, and clearly we will be here all day and will be providing further updates, working with the police and ambulance service.”
The Metropolitan Police have advised people to stay away from the area, closed surrounding roads, and worked with emergency services to support residents affected.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Women's Bkb Schedule, Dec 11-19
Women's College Basketball Schedule
By The Associated Press
ap
All Times EST Monday, Dec. 11 EAST
Penn at Saint Joseph's, 7 p.m.
Fairfield at Rhode Island, 7 p.m.
Hofstra at Columbia, 7 p.m.
St. Joseph's (BKN) at NJIT, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
SC State at Charleston Southern, Noon
St. Augustine's at NC A&T, 5:30 p.m.
Loyola (Md.) at Maryland, 6 p.m.
Louisiana College at McNeese St., 7 p.m.
UMBC at George Mason, 7 p.m.
Murray St. at UNC-Greensboro, 7 p.m.
Louisiana-Monroe at Louisiana Tech, 7:30 p.m.
Southern U. at South Alabama, 8:05 p.m.
MIDWEST
Harris-Stowe State at UMKC, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
Cal Poly at E. Washington, 9 p.m.
Dartmouth at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tuesday, Dec. 12 EAST
Virginia Tech at Monmouth (NJ), 7 p.m.
Fordham at St. John's, 7 p.m.
Yale at St. Peter's, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
Southern Miss. at Mississippi, Noon
Towson at Norfolk St., 6 p.m.
MVSU at W. Kentucky, 6:30 p.m.
Tennessee St. at Louisville, 7 p.m.
Alabama A&M at Jacksonville St., 7 p.m.
MIDWEST
North Florida at Michigan, 7 p.m.
Mayville State at North Dakota, 9 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Jackson St. at Sam Houston St., 7:30 p.m.
FAR WEST
Stanislaus State at Nevada, 2 p.m.
Colorado Christian at Wyoming, 6 p.m.
Wednesday, Dec. 13 EAST
Princeton at Rutgers, 6 p.m.
UCF at Boston U., 7 p.m.
UMass at Mass.-Lowell, 7:30 p.m.
SOUTH
Milligan at Longwood, 11:30 a.m.
Southern U. at Bethune-Cookman, 5:30 p.m.
Oregon at Mississippi St., 7 p.m.
Louisiana-Lafayette at SE Louisiana, 8 p.m.
MIDWEST
Cal Poly at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
DePaul at Northwestern, 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
McNeese St. at Baylor, 1 p.m.
Prairie View at Texas Tech, 6:30 p.m.
Northwestern St. at Texas, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
Savannah St. at Oregon St., 2 p.m.
Seattle at Montana, 2 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14 EAST
Iona at Stony Brook, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
NC Central at East Carolina, 11:30 a.m.
Columbia International at Campbell, 11:45 a.m.
Xavier (LA) at New Orleans, Noon
Georgia at NC A&T, 5:30 p.m.
ETSU at NC State, 7 p.m.
Bethel (TN) at Murray St., 7 p.m.
Troy at Middle Tennessee, 7:30 p.m.
MIDWEST
Cincinnati Christian at Wright St., 11 a.m.
Howard at Cincinnati, 7 p.m.
Oakland City at Evansville, 8 p.m.
Milwaukee at Wisconsin, 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Belmont at Arkansas St., 12:30 p.m.
Louisiana-Monroe at Rice, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
New Mexico St. at Arizona, 1 p.m.
Grand Canyon at N. Arizona, 2 p.m.
Santa Clara at San Diego St., 9:30 p.m.
Friday, Dec. 15 EAST
Buffalo at St. Bonaventure, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
Kennesaw St. at Georgia Southern, 11 a.m.
Gardner-Webb at Davidson, 11:30 a.m.
Nicholls at MVSU, 3 p.m.
UNC-Greensboro at Norfolk St., 6 p.m.
Sam Houston St. at Southern Miss., 7 p.m.
Coll. of Charleston at North Florida, 7 p.m.
Southern U. at South Florida, 7 p.m.
FAU at Georgia St., 7 p.m.
Alabama St. at Miami, 7 p.m.
Lipscomb at Tennessee St., 7 p.m.
MIDWEST
S. Dakota St. at Creighton, 5 p.m.
Kentucky State at W. Michigan, 7 p.m.
Dartmouth at Ohio St., 7 p.m.
Chicago St. at Wichita St., 8 p.m.
Indiana-Northwest at Valparaiso, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
Seattle at Idaho, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Air Force, 9 p.m.
Sacramento St. at San Francisco, 9 p.m.
Texas A&M at Southern Cal, 10 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16 EAST
Oakland at Cornell, Noon
Rider at NJIT, 1 p.m.
Clarion at Robert Morris, 1 p.m.
St. Joseph's (BKN) at Army, 1 p.m.
Iona at St. Francis Brooklyn, 1 p.m.
Marist at Temple, 2 p.m.
Manhattan at LIU Brooklyn, 2 p.m.
Morehead St. at Canisius, 2 p.m.
Wesley (DE) at Md.-Eastern Shore, 2 p.m.
Radford at West Virginia, 4 p.m.
Houston at Rutgers, 6 p.m.
SOUTH
Stetson vs. W. Kentucky at West Palm Beach, Fla., Noon
Appalachian St. at Marshall, 1 p.m.
W. Carolina at SC State, 2 p.m.
UNC-Asheville at SC-Upstate, 2 p.m.
Cent. Arkansas at South Alabama, 2:05 p.m.
Ohio vs. Furman at West Palm Beach, Fla., 2:30 p.m.
Shippensburg at Liberty, 4 p.m.
Elon at NC State, 6 p.m.
High Point at Virginia Tech, 6 p.m.
UNC-Wilmington at Wofford, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Vanderbilt, 7 p.m.
Michigan St. at ETSU, 7 p.m.
MIDWEST
N. Arizona at Youngstown St., 1 p.m.
Fort Wayne at Michigan, 2 p.m.
Tulsa at South Dakota, 2 p.m.
Bradley at Green Bay, 2 p.m.
UALR at Kansas St., 3 p.m.
Northwestern at Missouri St., 3 p.m.
Austin Peay at Illinois, 3 p.m.
Evansville at Ill.-Chicago, 4 p.m.
Ohio Christian at Akron, 4:30 p.m.
Alcorn St. at Wichita St., 7 p.m.
Cal Poly at N. Dakota St., 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
New Mexico at Oklahoma, 3 p.m.
Midwestern State at Abilene Christian, 3 p.m.
Grambling St. at Arkansas St., 8 p.m.
Texas A&M-Commerce at Stephen F. Austin, 9 p.m.
Chicago St. vs. Oral Roberts at Wichita, Kan., 9:30 p.m.
FAR WEST
Denver at Utah St., 4 p.m.
Idaho St. at Utah Valley, 5 p.m.
UNLV at Stanford, 5 p.m.
Portland St. at UC Irvine, 5 p.m.
Santa Clara at Nevada, 5 p.m.
Whittier College at CS Bakersfield, 7 p.m.
BYU at California, 8 p.m.
UC Santa Barbara at Oregon St., 8 p.m.
UTSA at San Diego, 8 p.m.
Antelope Valley College at Cal St.-Fullerton, 9 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17 EAST
Princeton at Wagner, 1 p.m.
UCLA at Seton Hall, 1 p.m.
Gardner-Webb at Mount St. Mary's, 1 p.m.
Drexel at Saint Joseph's, 1:30 p.m.
American U. at George Washington, 2 p.m.
St. Bonaventure at Albany (NY), 2 p.m.
Holy Cross at Rhode Island, 2 p.m.
Penn St. at Pittsburgh, 2 p.m.
Northeastern at Vermont, 2 p.m.
Sacred Heart at Siena, 2 p.m.
CCSU at Stony Brook, 2 p.m.
Bucknell at Fordham, 2 p.m.
Cent. Michigan at Duquesne, 2:30 p.m.
New Hampshire at Boston College, 3 p.m.
La Salle at Delaware St., 6 p.m.
SOUTH
Toledo vs. W. Kentucky at West Palm Beach, Fla., 11 a.m.
Georgia Tech at Georgia, 1 p.m.
Florida Gulf Coast at Chattanooga, 1 p.m.
Jacksonville St. at Clemson, 1 p.m.
UTEP vs. East Carolina at Myrtle Beach, S.C., 1:30 p.m.
NC Central at Presbyterian, 2 p.m.
Winthrop at Mercer, 2 p.m.
Maine at Mississippi St., 3 p.m.
Middle Tennessee at Tulane, 3 p.m.
New Orleans at Louisiana-Monroe, 3 p.m.
Louisville at Kentucky, 3 p.m.
Troy at Samford, 3 p.m.
SMU at Alabama, 3 p.m.
Jacksonville at Bethune-Cookman, 3 p.m.
Savannah St. at South Carolina, 3 p.m.
Louisiana-Lafayette at LSU, 3 p.m.
Ohio vs. Virginia at West Palm Beach, Fla., 3:30 p.m.
Washington vs. North Carolina at Myrtle Beach, S.C., 4 p.m.
Alabama A&M at UAB, 5 p.m.
Old Dominion at William & Mary, 5 p.m.
Syracuse at Coastal Carolina, 6:30 p.m.
MIDWEST
E. Washington at Purdue, Noon
E. Michigan at Detroit, Noon
DePaul at Notre Dame, 1 p.m.
Missouri vs. Indiana at West Palm Beach, Fla., 1:15 p.m.
James Madison at Dayton, 2 p.m.
S. Dakota St. at Drake, 3 p.m.
N. Illinois at SIU-Edwardsville, 3 p.m.
UC Riverside at Iowa St., 3 p.m.
Lipscomb at Saint Louis, 3 p.m.
Iowa at N. Iowa, 3 p.m.
Cleveland St. at Illinois St., 3 p.m.
Ohio St. at Cincinnati, 4 p.m.
Marquette at Milwaukee, 5 p.m.
Furman vs. Xavier at West Palm Beach, Fla., 6 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Florida St. at Texas, 12:30 p.m.
Paul Quinn College at Texas Southern, 3 p.m.
Northwestern St. at TCU, 3 p.m.
Texas-Arlington at Arkansas, 3 p.m.
Rio Grande at Texas Tech, 3 p.m.
Texas State at Sam Houston St., 4 p.m.
FAR WEST
UT Martin vs. Saint Mary's (Cal) at West Lafayette, Ind., 2:30 p.m.
Nebraska at San Jose St., 3 p.m.
Hawaii at Arizona, 4 p.m.
Mississippi at Oregon, 4 p.m.
New Mexico St. at Pepperdine, 4 p.m.
Pacific at Seattle, 5 p.m.
Fresno St. at San Francisco, 5 p.m.
St. Francis (Pa.) at Gonzaga, 5 p.m.
Weber St. at Portland, 5 p.m.
Tennessee at Long Beach St., 5 p.m.
UCF at UC Davis, 7 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18 EAST
Buffalo at Niagara, 7 p.m.
Morgan St. at West Virginia, 7 p.m.
Kansas at St. John's, 7 p.m.
Binghamton at Cornell, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
Charlotte at Wake Forest, 11 a.m.
Kentucky Christian at Marshall, 1 p.m.
Toledo vs. Southern U. at West Palm Beach, Fla., 2:30 p.m.
Sacramento St. vs. Miami at San Juan, 4:30 p.m.
Ohio Christian at E. Kentucky, 5:30 p.m.
Coppin St. at VCU, 6 p.m.
Wofford at Coll. of Charleston, 6:30 p.m.
IUPUI at Georgia Southern, 6:30 p.m.
Norfolk St. at Campbell, 7 p.m.
Wright St. at Belmont, 7 p.m.
MVSU at Murray St., 7 p.m.
Davidson at High Point, 7 p.m.
McNeese St. at Louisiana Tech, 7:30 p.m.
Baylor at Nicholls, 8 p.m.
MIDWEST
Austin Peay at Ball St., 11 a.m.
Virginia vs. Indiana at West Palm Beach, Fla., Noon
Valparaiso at E. Illinois, 1 p.m.
Xavier vs. Missouri at West Palm Beach, Fla., 5 p.m.
UT Martin at Purdue, 6:30 p.m.
Ferris State at Bowling Green, 7 p.m.
Loyola of Chicago at Butler, 7 p.m.
North Texas at Ill.-Chicago, 8 p.m.
Chicago St. at Kansas St., 8 p.m.
Southwest Minnesota State at North Dakota, 8 p.m.
Quinnipiac at Michigan St., 9 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Incarnate Word at Houston, Noon
Rice at Texas A&M-CC, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
E. Washington vs. Saint Mary's (Cal) at West Lafayette, Ind., 4 p.m.
S. Utah at Grand Canyon, 4 p.m.
Idaho at Arizona St., 8 p.m.
Prairie View at Colorado St., 9 p.m.
Washington St. at Boise St., 9 p.m.
Utah at Utah St., 9 p.m.
W. Illinois at Stanford, 10 p.m.
N. Arizona at CS Northridge, 10 p.m.
Nebraska-Omaha at CS Bakersfield, 10 p.m.
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Sustaining damage to a tooth can cause problems with dental function. A person's oral hygiene can also be badly affected when damage to a tooth makes it difficult to clean. Having crowns in Erskineville at Healthy Smile Centre is one way to avoid the difficulties associated with damaged teeth.
[ROSEBERY, 3/7/2018] – It is also a useful procedure for restoring teeth that already have large fillings, or that have been significantly weakened by advanced tooth decay. Crowns at Healthy Smile Centre can additionally be used to enhance the appearance of teeth that have discoloured. This common condition can slowly build up over many years, as food and drink leave traces of colour on the outer layers of the teeth.
A meticulous procedure at Healthy Smile Centre
When a patient receives crowns in Erskineville at Healthy Smile Centre, they go through several stages of treatment. Firstly, the dentist at Healthy Smile Centre will take an impression or digital scan of the damaged tooth or teeth. A dental laboratory will then manufacture the crowns based on this information, so that it is precisely matched to the patient's dental needs.
Before attaching the crowns, it is necessary for the dentist at Healthy Smile Centre to remove a thin layer of enamel on the affected teeth. The crowns are then attached using a powerful adhesive. Crowns are made from a material that is the same colour as the patient's dental enamel. This helps the repairs blend into the background.
After the crowns are placed
Once crowns are fixed to the damaged teeth, they won't decay. However, the parts of the teeth that remain underneath the crowns will still be at risk of decay. Rigorous oral hygiene should therefore be maintained, including careful brushing of the teeth. A dentist at Healthy Smile Centre will advise patients on how to do this.
After receiving crowns at Healthy Smile Centre, patients who look after them will be able to enjoy their benefits for many years. The dental team at Healthy Smile Centre will let the patient know if crowns are a suitable solution to their damaged teeth at their initial consultation.
MAN UP: The dates and times are yet to be confirmed, but the Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode on Monday released the list of new additions to the official runway schedule for Paris Men's Fashion Week in January, with Vetements among the headlining acts.
As reported, the maverick fashion label plans to stage its next coed show — for the fall 2018 season — on Jan. 19 in the French capital. Other names joining the official lineup include France's Nïuku, Germany's GmbH, Sweden's Acne Studios and Britain's Dunhill London, which in June presented the debut collection from ex-Burberry alum and new creative director Mark Weston on its home turf.
Their approach may be full-on gender fluid, but Palomo Spain's Alejandro Gomez Palomo will also be joining the men's runway ranks this season. Off-White will be returning to Paris after showing in Florence in June as a special guest of the 92nd edition of international men's wear trade show Pitti Uomo.
New highlights on the official presentation lineup, meanwhile, include Myar, the solo project of Andrea Rosso, son of entrepreneur Renzo Rosso and the creative director of Diesel licenses, as well as cult Japanese label Takahiromiyashita the Soloist, which earlier in the month will stage a runway show back-to-back with Undercover as fellow guest designers of Pitti Uomo, marking its first show outside of Japan.
Other brands opting for the presentation format this season include Arthur Avellano, Ambush, Amiri, Editions M.R, Nicolas Andreas Taralis, Sadak, Undercover and Yang Li.
Paris Men's Fashion Week is scheduled to run from Jan. 17 to 21. The provisional calendar will be released shortly.
Anneliese Dodds, a UK member of the European parliament, has long being pushing for the European Union competitions commission to investigate F1's governance and payment structure.
Force India and Sauber lodged a complaint to the body in 2015 and though the EU created a new internal division to deal with sporting matters, of which the F1 case is one, a formal enquiry has yet to be initiated.
In January, the parliament produced a competition report, which this year stretched to 184 items, that makes recommendations for the European Commission's agenda.
Dodds submitted an amendment to the report that "calls for an immediate investigation into competition concerns arising from the Formula 1 industry".
This was approved and when the report was put to a vote on Tuesday, it passed by 467 votes to 156, with 86 abstentions.
While the EU competitions commission is not duty bound to launch an investigation, this latest development will increase the pressure for it to take action.
"I'm happy that today the European Parliament backed my call for a full and immediate investigation into anti-competitive practices in Formula 1," said Labour MEP Anneliese Dodds.
"A few weeks ago Manor Racing became the latest team in the south east of England to collapse after administrators failed to find a buyer.
"Smaller teams are unfairly punished by an uncompetitive allocation of prize money that will always give the biggest teams more money, even if they finish last in every race.
"The problems in Formula 1 extend well beyond the allocation of prize money, with serious concerns being raised about an agreement with HM Revenue and Customs that allowed the sport to pay an effective 2 percent tax rate."
Beyond the distribution of prize money and tax arrangements, Dodds highlighted the conflict of interest of F1's sale to Liberty Media, which saw governing body the FIA benefit financially once it had given its approval.
"There is also significant conflict of interest over the recent sale of the sport to Liberty Media, after the regulator received a $79.5million (£63.7m) profit from authorising the sale," they said.
"I have written a number of letters to the European Commission calling for a full investigation and I am grateful that the rest of the European Parliament has added its voice to this call.
"We must ensure that we don't lose even more highly skilled jobs in this sector and allow a sport loved by 500m fans to become increasingly less competitive."
If the EU decides to investigate and F1 is found culpable of an abuse of power in the way it handles its affairs, a fine of 10 percent of turnover, which last year was over £1billion, can be levied, as well as forcing a shake up of its structure.
A Melbourne college was forced into lockdown after a violent brawl broke out during its lunch break.
Dozens of students at Staughton College in Melbourne's north-west were captured on camera punching and kicking each other yesterday.
It's understood the fight broke out between two girls and involved up to 80 students. The manic clip shows a lot of swearing and cries of students as the fight spills over.
Police were called to the school after reportedly patrolling the school earlier after reports a fight was planned for 11am.
After the incident, parents were sent a text message by the principal telling them there had been an altercation.
The vision was first shared on social media platform, Snapchat.
by Maggie McKay
If you need a good story on this Monday after too much sugar from the Easter Bunny, here you go. 50 years ago a woman was attacked on the Boston Marathon route for…wait for it…
RUNNING! Why? Read on and find out where they were today during the 121st Boston Marathon.
Click here to read more.
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. – Four Arkansas day care employees were fired Wednesday after the death of a 5-year-old who was left inside a van all day.
The staff did not follow company policies and procedures, Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said in a statement. Had they followed protocol “this tragedy would not have occurred,” they said.
“There are simply no words to express the overwhelming sadness we feel at the death of this child. We are heartbroken and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family. Ascent will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities and state agencies as they investigate this tragic incident,” Sullivan said.
The West Memphis, Arkansas, location has been closed since the Monday incident.
The boy's mother told CNN affiliate WMC the van picked them up around 6:30 a.m. They may have been asleep when the van arrived at the day care early Monday and never got off the van, West Memphis Police said.
The van remained in the parking lot all day. The day care's staff found them dead in their booster seat when they came to load children in the van to go home after 3 p.m., police said.
Police said the temperature in the day care parking lot was 91 degrees Monday afternoon when authorities responded to the incident.
Officials with the Arkansas Department of Human Services, which regulates day care centers in the state, are investigating, police said.
Ascent's CEO said they had spoken with the child's family to express their “deepest sympathy.” They said they have offered to assist with funeral expenses.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Assistant prosecutors in Cleveland “ignored” about 70 rape and sexual assault cases involving juvenile suspects and victims and failed to determine if criminal charges should be filed, the new Cuyahoga County prosecutor said Tuesday.
Prosecutor Michael O'Malley said additional sexual assault complaints involving juveniles are expected to be found in the coming weeks as their office continues reviewing more than 1,900 cases marked inactive in a computer system used by prosecutors.
“There was a conscious decision (by prosecutors) to make some of these cases inactive,” O'Malley said. “It's outrageous.”
The problem was first reported Monday by Cleveland.com.
Charges have been filed in about a dozen of the 70 cases thus far, O'Malley said, adding that some may not result in charges while others will be sent back to police for further investigation. The review of the inactive cases could result in hundreds of new charges being filed, they said.
The prosecutor's office was first alerted to the problem during O'Malley's first week in office by an advocate from the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center acting on behalf of victims' families who asked for an update about some of the cases that had been ignored.
The review has consumed the prosecutor's office during O'Malley's first six weeks in office. “We're peeling the layers of an onion,” they said. “And every day there are more revelations.”
Some of the victims in the 70 cases were as young as 3 years old. And some of the cases, which date back three years, would have been easy to prosecute because suspects confessed, O'Malley said.
Three assistant county prosecutors have been forced to resign and four others have been disciplined. O'Malley said they plan to refer prosecutors' names to the Ohio Supreme Court's disciplinary counsel.
It's not clear why prosecutors failed to act on the cases or to enter them into the office's case-management system. O'Malley said they find it “hard to believe” that their predecessor, Tim McGinty, would have allowed prosecutors to ignore cases. O'Malley defeated McGinty in last year's Democratic primary and was elected by a wide margin in November.
McGinty didn't return telephone messages seeking comment on Tuesday.
O'Malley said some of the prosecutors were new to the job, but they noted that a supervisor who resigned had been on the job for more than a decade.
The Juvenile Court's prosecutor's unit was previously run by Duane Deskins, who was hired last month by the city of Cleveland to lead an anti-violence program involving youths and young adults. Attempts to reach Deskins on Tuesday through a city spokesperson were unsuccessful.
Deskins told Cleveland.com they couldn't respond to what O'Malley and their staff have uncovered without details from each case, but said they didn't know cases had been ignored and that there were two levels of supervisors who worked underneath him.
Comments
comments
Marcus Hutchins, the British security researcher instrumental in neutralizing the virulent WCry ransomware worm that shut down computers worldwide in May, appeared in federal court Monday and pleaded not guilty to unrelated criminal charges that they created and distributed malware that steals banking credentials.
Hutchins, who is free on $30,000 bond, was arrested August 3 in Las Vegas following the Black Hat and Defcon security conferences. A six-count Wisconsin federal indictment (PDF) accuses them of developing the Kronos banking trojan. Along with an unnamed co-conspirator, Hutchins allegedly advertised the malware on the AlphaBay underground online market forum, according to the indictment. The document says the duo "sold a version of the Kronos malware in exchange for approximately $2,000 in digital currency" on June 11, 2015.
The indictment said the defendant, who goes by the online nickname of "MalwareTech," knowingly "disseminated by electronic means an advertisement of any electronic, mechanical, or other device, knowing and having reason to know that the design of such device renders it primarily useful for the purpose of the surreptitious interception of electronic communications..." Other charges include allegations that they sold an "electronic, mechanical, or other device, in interstate and foreign commerce, knowing and having reason to know that the design of such device renders it primarily useful for the purpose of the surreptitious interception of electronic communications."
Outside of a Milwaukee federal courtroom where Hutchins pleaded not guilty, their attorney, Marcia Hofmann, said the defendant "is going to vigorously defend themselves against these charges and when the evidence comes to light we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
IBM security researchers have reported that the malware was being advertised in Russian underground forums with a price of $7,000. It was billed as a method for criminals to extract passwords and other financial credentials transmitted in major browsers. The ads also claimed Kronos could evade antivirus detection and protection from browser security sandboxes. Further Reading How I accidentally stopped a global Wanna Decryptor ransomware attack
In May, Ars published Hutchins' account of how they stopped the WCry ransomware. You can read that here.
Hutchins, who works for Kryptos Logic of Los Angeles, is going to live in Los Angeles while awaiting an undetermined trial date. They will be tracked by a GPS monitoring device. They have been ordered not to touch the WCry sinkhole, presumably because if it's shut off it could possibly make the ransomware start spreading again.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Police say the teenage driver fatally shot by a sheriff's deputy at Milwaukee's lakefront was a suspect in an exchange of gunfire with a man one day earlier.
Authorities say 19-year-old Terry Williams died Tuesday after they were shot in the head by the Milwaukee County sheriff's deputy on Sunday night. Sheriff's officials say another deputy was attempting to stop Williams for a traffic violation when Williams drove up a curb along the busy lakefront and was shot by the deputy who was on foot.
One of two passengers in Williams' SUV was wounded by gunfire. Deputies say a loaded gun was found inside.
Milwaukee police said Wednesday that on Saturday, Williams fired a rifle and struck the car of a man with whom they had exchanged words and gunfire.
The industrious beaver, the iconic national symbol of Canada.
It was the search for beaver pelts that opened up Canada by explorers seeking primarily new areas and sources for the fur to supply a demanding world market, and which in one sense helped in the creation of the country of Canada.
But…
But they're moving north into new areas of the country where they are not native and indeed have never been seen before. They are in effect becoming an invasive species, and it's causing trouble. In a 2016 report, scientists noted beavers moving into the Arctic labelling climate change as the probable reason. The report noted shrubs and small trees are moving into the tundra as the north warms, and the beaver following are following.
“Beavers all over”
The Northwest Territories has just issued a bounty on beaver, $100 each.
People in the Mackenzie Valley have been complaining about the industrious critters building dams and blocking fish-bearing creeks and otherwise flooding and changing the landscape.
Quoted by Post Media Michelle Gruben with the Aklavik Hunters and Trappers Committee said, “They're building their dams and we can't fish at this lake anymore or that lake — beavers all over. Our hunters and trappers have been saying for a few years that beavers are a problem, we're seeing more and more of them”.
The NWT government had been promoting trapping through incentive programmes but trapping is limited as spring and summer fur is deemed far less desirable and can't be sold on international markets.
A previous $50 bounty was also seen as not worth the cost of fuel and effort to trap and skin the animals.
So far the beaver are not considered “pests” to be culled, rather the bounty is an encouragement to hunt and trap and so hunters must show evidence the animal is being used, such as evidence of a stretched hide, or conserved meat, although beaver is not popular meat.
Not just the North
Beaver have also become problematic in other areas. In the Interlake farming region of Manitoba, about 200 kilometres north of Winnipeg, people have been complaining about the pesky rodents flooding pasture land.
In the 2015-16 fiscal year, the provincial government spent about $160,000 removing dams along with some 5,600 nuisance beavers.
The situation is far worse much much farther south at the tip of Argentina where Canadian beavers were mistakenly imported decades ago in an idea to create a fur industry there.
A fur industry and a market never really emerged and the problem is that with no natural predators the beaver multiplied exponentially and are destroying age old forests. Because of the climate where tree growth is so slow, if at all, a destroyed tree is not replaced thereby leaving a wasteland. The Argentine government has been waging a war on the Canadian animal for several years now.
Additional information-sources
MORISTOWN, N.J. (AP) - Funeral services have been held for a New Jersey state police trooper killed in an off-duty crash in Pennsylvania.
Brian McNally was headed home from weekend duty with the Marine Corps reserve when the crash occurred May 20 on Interstate 78 in Greenwich. Authorities say that as they approached slowing traffic near a construction zone, McNally moved from the left lane into the right before rear-ending a tractor-trailer.
Their vehicle and the rear of the trailer caught fire. McNally was pronounced dead at the scene.
Hundreds of state troopers and dozens of Marines were among those gathered Wednesday at the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary church in Morristown to bid farewell to McNally, who lived in Bedminster.
They were stationed at the state police's Washington barracks in Warren County.
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
1:19 A love story for the ages
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in Monday's auction to their highest levels since August 2008.
The Treasury Department auctioned $51 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.780 percent, up from 1.670 percent last week. Another $45 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.950 percent, up from 1.850 percent last week.
The three-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.850 percent on Aug. 18, 2008. The six-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.980 percent also on Aug. 18, 2008.
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value. For a $10,000 bill, the three-month price was $9,955.00 while a six-month bill sold for $9,901.42. That would equal an annualized rate of 1.813 percent for the three-month bills and 1.997 percent for the six-month bills.
Advertisement
Separately, the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills, a popular index for making changes in adjustable rate mortgages, edged up to 2.08 percent Friday, up from 2.05 percent at the beginning of last week on March 12.
Bredon took the points after a five goal thriller at Lydney Town in Northern Senior League Division Two.
Phil Jones and Scott Jordan both had good chances with the latter forcing the home keeper to pull off a fine save when through on goal.
On the half hour mark the visitors took the lead with veteran Wayne Hopson power driving an unstoppable 30-yard shot into the top corner.
Bredon could have doubled the lead but Gareth Peacey headed just over from a Bobby Koshev corner just before the interval.
Lydney started best in the second half and eventually the pressure paid off with a well taken goal and just five minutes later they were in front, a fine save from Stuart Chappell landed at the feet of the Lydney forward who tapped home.
Manager Jon Gregory made changes and called for their team to show character and they responded well, within minutes of falling behind they were on level terms with Scott Jordan smashing home from close range.
They aren't finished there and when the ball fell to their feet in the box with defenders all around they calmly slotted home to seal the points and cap off a solid team performance.
Bredon play Smiths Athletic away in their next match on Saturday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russia has always lived under sanctions, they were introduced when other states felt competition, Russian President Vladimir Putin said at their annual "Direct Line" session.
"When our partners around the world have been seeing Russia as a serious competitor, then some sort of restrictions is imposed under different pretext. This has been happening throughout our history, I am not even talking about the Soviet times, but it happened even before. There is nothing surprising in it," Putin said.
The relations between Russia and the West shattered after Crimea rejoined Russia as a result of a referendum in 2014, which had not been recognized by the EU's member states. The European Union, as well as the United States and their allies, introduced a number of sanctions against Russia. Moscow, in turn, put in place a food embargo on products originating in the countries which had targeted Russia with sanctions.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid consulted Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor.
It's a post Seema Verma maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.
Records show Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm, SVC Inc., have collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011. At the same time, they also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett Packard, one of Indiana's largest technology vendors, which held a financial stake in the health care policies Verma helped shape.
Verma has agreed to sell SVC Inc. to a Michigan company within 90 days of their confirmation.
The Australian Beverages Council says plastic particles from packaging do end up in food and drinks.
The Australian Beverages Council says plastic particles from packaging do end up in food and drinks.
Australia's bottled water industry says it's not uncommon for plastics to end up in products but not in unsafe amounts.
US researchers say they detected plastic particles in 93 per cent of bottles sourced from nine countries including the United States, Indonesia, China and India.
Plastics - most invisible to the naked eye - were found in one bottle at a rate of 10,000 particles per litre.
But the Australian Beverages Council, which counts drink giants Coca-Cola Amatil and PepsiCo among its members, emphasised the American study did not relate to local products.
Chief executive Geoff Parker said the science of microplastics, which they termed "a new and emerging field", was being watched very closely.
They said the council's water division enforces a strict safety code on members, who take the safety of their products very seriously.
"The migration of food packaging into whatever food or drink it is protecting is not uncommon," Mr Parker said on Tuesday.
"If Food Standards Australia New Zealand, which is a world-renowned agency, determines more research is needed, we'd be happy to work with them."
FSANZ in 2017 concluded exposures to most chemicals used to produce food packaging are low and unlikely to pose a public health and safety concern.
But it confirmed on Tuesday samples of bottled water were not included in analytical surveys during that three-year proposal.
All packaged water sold in Australia must meet World Health Organisation guidelines, which state the maximum levels of chemicals allowed.
The US microplastics research released earlier this month was commissioned by non-profit journalism organisation Orb Media and has not yet been peer-reviewed.
Researchers said they found significant variation even among bottles of the same brand, likely because of microplastic sources, the manufacturing process and other reasons.
THE OTHER THING FROM THE BLACK LAGOON The Giant Shipworm Is Five Feet Long And Utterly Horrifying
Scientists were thrilled to finally get their hands on a live giant shipworm specimen, and honestly we have no idea why.
We can all use a helping hand from time to time.
These guys are awesome. Happy 4th of July!
HONOLULU (AP) — The Latest on President Barack Obama's family vacation in Hawaii (all times local):
10:30 p.m.
President Barack Obama is returning to Washington after wrapping up their final vacation as president.
Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia boarded Air Force One late Sunday after dinner with friends at Buzz's Original Steakhouse in Kailua.
Advertisement
They were scheduled to arrive in Washington midday Monday after an overnight flight.
The family spent more than two weeks in Oahu, where Obama was born. Obama played numerous rounds of golf, took their family snorkeling and dined in some of the island's best restaurants. Obama also joined Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for an historic visit to Pearl Harbor.
Obama now opens the final stretch of their presidency, with roughly a dozen working days left. He's planning to meet Wednesday with Democratic lawmakers on protecting their health care law.
11:20 a.m.
President Barack Obama started New Year's Day with a morning trip to a research institution that promotes understanding on people in the United States, Asia and the Pacific.
The president is meeting Richard R. Vuylsteke, the incoming president of the East West Center on the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa. The East West Center provides grants and scholarships to students and fellows from around the world. Obama has made several trips to the center during their time as president. Their mother, Ann Dunham, studied there while working toward a doctorate degree from the University of Hawaii.
Obama and Vuylsteke will be joined by the president's daughters, Sasha and Malia, as well as their sister Maya Soetoro-Ng, who is on the faculty at the University of Hawaii.
The Obamas are spending their last winter vacation as first family on the island of Oahu in the president's home state. They have made the two-week trip an annual tradition.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put their 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First they glide a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around their body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
They then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to their wheelchair, from their wheelchair.
They spend a lot of their time in their motorized wheelchair, and when they slump a bit too far, their mother has to reach from behind and pull them up. That recently gave them a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, their English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” they say about their struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from their sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to them now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because their face bows in tears.
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
They invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like their brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” they say in interviews at the condo they share with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But they fell in 2004 while brushing their teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
They spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help their widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put them back in Parkwood and left them with a loose bone pinching on their spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and their mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with their nephew, whom they persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. They often take a break from telling the story to put a hand on their brother, tease them and confirm with them what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, they say.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. They have created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of their daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting them out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct their own care. They can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures they spend an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure they continue to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time their mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, they rush to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash their clothes — sometime soiled — make their meals, brush their teeth, turn them so they don't get bed sores, scratch them when he's itchy, shower them and on and on.
“I can't get them recharged. They don't know what that is,” Jin says.
As their mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
They have prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including their discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. They spend hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. They tell really bad jokes but they think he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at them and tap their knee.
When they were told they had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when they explain why.
“What he's saying is they would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of their one good hand, their right, on their computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at their home, Alex's humour often breaks through their damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that their family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” they say.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
By KRISTIE RIEKEN, AP Sports Writer
HOUSTON (AP) — Houston quarterback Tom Savage was cleared to re-enter Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion, raising questions about the NFL's procedure for evaluating such injuries during games.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward .
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. They threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally their arm and pulled them away from the field. They could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
Coach Bill O'Brien said they were evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that they were evaluated again after they returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
“They try to make the best decision for the player,” O'Brien said. “Whatever they see and the testing that they do they try to make the best decision with the player and they weren't satisfied with the results of the second test so they decided to pull him, and that's when they went into the locker room.”
O'Brien was then asked if it was worrisome that Savage was allowed to return to the game when they had a concussion.
“I don't direct that. I don't direct that at all,” they said. “They just come to me and that's kind of where that's at. I don't have anything to do with that. All I do is coach.”
Several of Savage's teammates said they didn't notice anything different about them on the drive after they were injured, and T.J. Yates, who took over for him, said the same thing.
“When they got back to the sideline they seemed fine and coherent,” Yates said.
Savage and Yates are the only quarterbacks on Houston's roster, so they'll have to sign someone this week to back up Yates if Savage is unable to play on Sunday.
Their injury is the latest setback for a team that has had more than its share of problems this year. Houston lost linebacker Brian Cushing for 10 games because of a suspension for performance enhancers. Defensive stars J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus both sustained season-ending injuries in Week 5.
Compare how the @HoustonTexans handled Tom Savage's injury vs how the @RamsNFL handled Reynolds hit… pic.twitter.com/zVAacrRzoJ — Nick Simmons (@nisimmo) December 11, 2017
Tom Savage hits head on ground, appears to have seizure while ref looks on, comes back in the game 5 minutes later. pic.twitter.com/gW9lYxDIwQ — TheRenderNFL (@TheRenderNFL) December 10, 2017
Rookie Deshaun Watson took over at halftime of Houston's season-opener after Savage struggled and made the offense one of the NFL's most potent in six starts, but they tore their anterior cruciate ligament in practice on Nov. 2. The team suffered another blow on Nov. 19 when rookie running back D'Onta Foreman ruptured their left Achilles tendon.
The Texans (4-9) have gone 1-5 since Watson was injured to drop out of playoff contention after winning the AFC South title in each of the last two seasons.
“I've never been part of a team like this with this many injuries,” receiver DeAndre Hopkins said. “I mean, guys the go out back-to-back, so it's not something I don't think anyone in this locker room has dealt with before.”
Hopkins had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns , but lost a fumble in the fourth quarter with the Texans down by 7. San Francisco added 41-yard field goal after that to secure the victory.
Yates, who was signed after Watson was injured, threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns in their first game since Nov. 16, 2015.
“He went into a tough spot and I thought they did some really good things,” O'Brien said. “The ball came out. Thought we really struggled to run the ball today. We could not run the ball and that really hurt us. I thought T.J. made some really nice plays.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Madhuri Dixit Nene compliments Kareena Kapoor Khan with a letter. As part of the Lux Golden Rose Awards campaign, Shah Rukh Khan is hosting a show called Baatein with Baadshah where many leading ladies of the tinsel town are set to make an appearance.
Fans went crazy after seeing Shah Rukh Khan and Madhuri Dixit Nene reuniting for the show. The actor signed off by giving a letter to SRK which they wrote for Kareena. The letter says that Kareena brightens the screen with their appearance. Madhuri also writes that Kareena is an example for all mothers. The letter is dripping with sweetness. Here it is.
Dear Kareena,
Tum apni nahi, hum sab ki favourite ho, tumhe screen par dekh kar ek alag mazza ata hai, aisa lagta hai jaise suddenly lights aur bright ho gyi hai, I am so proud ki motherhood k baad bhi tum itni actively apne career ko manage kar rahi ho. Tum har ek maa ke liye ek udharan ho. (You are, not just yours, but a favourite of everyone. When I watch you on screen, I feel like the lights have become much brighter. I have a different kind of fun. I am so proud that even after embracing motherhood, you have continued to manage your career so actively. You are setting an example for every mother.)
Keep it up, love always.
MD
Trending
Watch the video right here:
Earlier, Raazi actor Alia Bhatt also had a fan-girl moment when they penned an equally beautiful letter for Kareena Kapoor through the campaign. Lux Golden Rose Awards team is all set to host the red carpet event tonight!
On the work front, Kareena Kapoor is busy wrapping their first venture with Sonam Kapoor titled Veere Di Wedding which also stars Swara Bhaskar and Shikha Talsania. It will release in May next year.
A group of more than 16 people gathered at Anicinabe Park on Wednesday, June 27 for a feast to honour the start of a program that will foster connection to the land through land-based teachings.
Elder Jeanette Skead said in the opening prayer that the Anishinaabe name given to the program is Babaamaashi, “like an eagle that's soaring all over the place, here, there and everywhere.”
Mary Alice Smith, who has been volunteering with the guiding circle for the project, said the name came from Wauzhushk Onigum elder Langford Ogemah. “When they went out early this morning before we had the [naming] ceremony, there was an eagle flying around up above, and that's how they described what the eagle was doing,” they said.
After the meal, Knox United Church pastor Meg Illman-White explained they had “two thoughts in my head” from the Roads to Reconciliation discussion series held at the church in April and May 2017.
At one of the gatherings, Skead had said there is not a precise word in Anishinaabemowin for reconciliation, so the word on its own doesn't resonate. They and their late husband Clifford gave the Anishinaabe name to the Reconciliation Kenora group: Ahze-mino-gahbewewin, which roughly translates to “coming back to a better way of living together.”
Darryl Redsky from Shoal Lake 40 also said during the gatherings that there is a need for people to reconcile their connection to the land before they can reconcile with each other.
With that in mind, a focus group was formed.
The original suggestion was to hold six one-week summer day camps for children, but some people pointed out that was a more colonial model and they wanted to do something more traditional that could include whole families in activities like blueberry picking, canoe trips and wild rice harvesting.
Many of the people in the circle then shared their own fond memories of the sense of bonding when their own families went out onto the land.
Smith said the discussion and exchange of ideas was inspiring. “I hope that it is a beginning of more of this kind of sharing,” they said. “As Darryl Redsky said to Meg, we need to reconcile with the land, we need to build that relationship by being out on the land, and when we do that together, we become stronger and more connected to each other.”
Illman-White said the organizing group successfully applied for a grant and they will continue to apply for more. The program will run on a trial basis this year.
KCharlebois@postmedia.com
NEW YORK (AP) — It's time to put a wrap on 2016.
The year ended the same way it began with UConn winning — and winning, and winning. The Huskies have won 88 consecutive games, two short of their own record.
Talk about a good year, coach Geno Auriemma went 51-0, including winning 12 games while coaching the U.S. women's Olympic team to its sixth straight gold medal in Rio.
Even Auriemma, who never seems to care about streaks and records, was amused when they were made aware of their undefeated mark during the calendar year.
Advertisement
“You don't think about it as it's happening, but yeah that's kinda cool,” they said after their top-ranked team beat No. 4 Maryland 87-81 on Thursday night.
During its current winning streak, the Huskies also set an NCAA road winning streak record with their 31st straight victory away from home Sunday.
Other things that happened this week:
POLL MUSINGS: There should be a major shake-up in the Top 25 after 10 ranked teams lost at least one game. Also, four of the top five teams in the receiving votes group also lost. If Kentucky ends up falling out, the Wildcats streak of 131 consecutive weeks ranked would end. That's the fifth longest active streak and seventh longest ever.
ALL-ACCESS PASS: Viewers were treated to something new in Seton Hall's win over St. John's on Friday night. The Big East and Fox Sports offered a commercial-free telecast that had both coaches wearing microphones for the entire game. It gave an all-access look at both teams, the first time there was so much unfiltered access for a major live sporting event.
PAT SUMMITT AWARD: ESPN broadcaster Holly Rowe and Appalachian State women's basketball coach Angel Elderkin are co-recipients of the USBWA Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award. Rowe has also been battling cancer this year. They had surgery in February to remove a cancerous tumor in their chest and a malignant tumor under their right arm.
SCARY MOMENT: Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois on Sunday. The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. They were later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution. Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall. Merchant is in their 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
HONORING RACHEL: Minnesota retired former star Rachel Banham's jersey on Sunday. They finished their career as the Big Ten's all-time leading scorer with 3,093 points. Banham played for Minnesota from 2011-16 and tied an NCAA record with a 60-point game Feb. 8, 2016, at Northwestern. Banham, the No. 4 pick in the 2016 WNBA draft, holds Gophers records with 914 points in a season, 1,081 career field goals, 354 career 3-pointers and 577 career free throws.
HONORING ELIZABETH: Duke retired former star Elizabeth Williams' No. 1 jersey on Thursday at halftime of a 69-54 win over No. 17 Kentucky. Williams is the third player in the history of the women's program to have their number retired, joining Alana Beard's No. 20 and Lindsey Harding's No. 10 in the rafters of Cameron Indoor Stadium.
“It's really hard to describe” the emotions, Williams said. “It was kind of a combination of excitement, gratitude and humbleness. I was really humbled by this whole thing and to finally see it. It was really incredible.”
She's the only player in Atlantic Coast Conference history selected to four AP All-America teams and she's also the league's first player with more than 1,900 points, 1,000 rebounds and 400 blocked shots during their career.
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
CHAMPIONS Sunshine Coast Lightning have signed a 17-year-old schoolgirl to their senior squad as they bid to win back-to-back Suncorp Super Netball titles.
Sarahpheinna Woulf has been elevated from training partner to professional for the 2018 season starting in April following the departure of New Zealand star Laura Langman.
Woulf, whose shyness off court belies their formidable presence on it, said they were speechless when they received the call-up.
Camera Icon Sarahpheinna Woulf. Photo: Netball Queensland Picture: Supplied
“I was not expecting it at all,” said Woulf, who attends Brisbane's John Paul College, where Lightning teammates Madeline McAuliffe and Laura Scherian were also once students.
“The coaches were telling me that I am ready and that I need to believe in myself. It is so exciting and I am extremely happy.”
Lightning's premiership-winning coach Noeline Taurua was impressed by the teenager's maturity.
“Sarahpheinna is an emerging player who is still ‘green' but has plenty of natural ability that enables them to read the game,” Taurua said.
“She can shoot, they can defend inside and out of the circle. They have a versatility that not many players have and that is a bonus for us depending on what we need in the squad.”
The Lightning will lose two Australian Diamonds (Caitlin Bassett and Stephanie Wood), South African Karla Pretorious and captain Geva Mentor to England during January's quad series, making Woulf's versatility key for the club.
It is expected, however, that they will be used primarily in the midcourt as cover for Langman, who quit the sport last month.
Camera Icon Laura Langman has decided to walk away from netball. Photo: Peter Wallis Picture: News Corp Australia
Lightning assistant coach Kylee Byrne said Woulf could make an impact at the club “for many years to come”.
“If you sign a player of this age, they must be the complete package and you must have confidence in their physical ability and mental toughness,” Byrne said.
“We have already seen that and know Sarahpheinna will be able to handle whatever is thrown at them  They are given feedback and goes straight on court and implements it.”
Woulf will be 18 by the time the competition starts and joins a select group to have played in Suncorp Super Netball or the ANZ Championship at such a young age.
Fellow Australian Georgia Beaton (Adelaide Thunderbirds 2008) and New Zealanders, Ellen Halpenny (Tactix 2008) and Sulu Tone-Patrick (Mystics 2010) were 17 when they played in the top-level competition.
YOSEMITE — It's the time of year for the mesmerizing phenomenon “firefall” to illuminate Horsetail Fall in Yosemite National Park.
The natural effect gives the illusion that bright orange lava is flowing off the cliff at the park in California. This magic trick is a natural occurrence that only happens for a couple of weeks each February and draws hundreds of visitors each night.
The “firefall” comes to life when the angle of the setting sun causes light to hit the waterfall just right; making for some amazing Instagram-worthy photos.
“The waterfall is bigger than it has been in a long time due to all the rain and snow we have received,” said National Park Ranger Scott Gediman.
“It has gained popularity the last few years due to social media,” they said. “People come from all over the world to see this.”
Looking to test out your photography skills?
If you want to capture the yearly spectacle, the park's website suggests the best view is from the park's El Capitan picnic area. Make sure you get there early, before the park gets crowded.
“I've seen a few photographers get here at 9 a.m. to claim their spot for the sunset,” Gediman said. “All we ask is you be respectful to the park and make sure what you packed … you pack up and take out.”
They also suggest visitors bring food, water, a change of clothes and tire chains, because of the weather conditions.
Photographer Ray Lee, who made the trek to the park this weekend, faced tough weather to make it there.
“This trip almost didn't happen due to the crazy road conditions at Yosemite,” they posted on Instagram. “For those that plan on going to see this, be careful since there has been so much water that some of the roads are falling apart.”
Need to know the road or weather conditions?
Gediman said the park has that covered with a 24-hour hot line: 209-372-0200.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST STROUDSBURG -- Letting your parking meter run out in East Stroudsburg will now cost you a little more.
Just a few weeks ago, parking fines throughout the borough were raised by more than 50 percent.
"They are not that expensive but it's the penalty that will get you now. Sometimes people aren't in the position to park anywhere they want, they might just have to park there or use the meters," said Paul Sanderson, East Stroudsburg.
Downtown, fines for parking at an expired meter jumped from $4 to $10.
Over by East Stroudsburg University and Lehigh Valley Hospital-Pocono, fines have been raised from $15 to $25.
Rates for borough parking lots and meters will stay the same.
Courtney Merrigan is an ESU student and believes the increases are too much.
"We already pay an expensive amount of a parking permit and can't find parking on campus so to pay the metered parking is kind of annoying as is on campus grounds," said Courtney Merrigan, ESU Student.
All the money that is made from raising meter fines will go towards upgrades throughout the borough. Officials say one big problem they want to fix is lighting.
"We've received a lot of complaints over the years with how bad the lighting was; people didn't feel safe. So we want to make it a friendlier place for people to come out and shop," said Brian Bond, East Stroudsburg borough manager.
Brian Bond is the East Stroudsburg Borough Manager. They say the increase will also help offset the cost of parking enforcement.
"We actually started to do a foot patrol now. All the parking enforcement for the meters, they actually walk the beat. We wanted to do that to make people feel safer and if they have any questions, they can talk to the parking enforcement officers and also to have a presence out there," says Bond.
Borough officials also hope to install electronic parking kiosks sometime this year. Any extra money from the increased meter fines will also go towards that project.
It was supposed to be the adventure of a lifetime – the ultimate motorcycle ride across Africa. Instead, it turned into almost 6 years of hell at the hands of al-Qaeda. Kidnapped, chained and constantly fearing for their life, Stephen McGown clung to the hope of being reunited with their family and was finally released in August. In their first in-depth television interview, they open up to Carte Blanche about their terrifying ordeal.
Producer: Mart-Marie Faure
Presenter: Devi Sankaree Govender
Copenhagen beach house unrecognisable after wild weather The West Australian
Temperatures in the area remain around 0 degrees.
By The Associated Press
BASEBALL
MLB — Suspended Los Angeles Dodgers OF Yasiel Puig one-game and fined them an undisclosed amount for their obscene gesture following their home run in a game against Cleveland on Tuesday.
American League
BALTIMORE ORIOLES — Placed 1B Chris Davis on the 10-day DL. Selected the contract of INF David Washington from Norfolk (IL). Transferred OF Anthony Santander to the 60-day DL.
BOSTON RED SOX — Recalled RHP Hector Velazquez from Pawtucket (IL). Optioned INF Deven Marrero to Pawtucket.
OAKLAND ATHLETICS — Selected the contract of RHP Daniel Gossett from Nashville (PCL). Optioned 1B-OF Matt Olson to Nashville.
NEW YORK METS — Placed LHP Josh Smoker on the 10-day DL. Recalled RHP Rafael Montero from Las Vegas (PCL).
Atlantic League
LONG ISLAND DUCKS — Activated RHP John Brownell. Placed LHP Rafael Perez on the inactive list.
American Association
GARY SOUTHSHORE RAILCATS — Released RHP Brandon Guske.
KANSAS CITY T-BONES — Sold the contract of INF Zach Walters to Kansas City (AL).
WICHITA WINGNUTS — Signed RHP Garrett Gould.
Can-Am League
OTTAWA CHAMPIONS — Released RHP Alex Luna.
Frontier League
GATEWAY GRIZZLIES — Released INF Josh Bunselmeyer, RHP Adam Eggnatz, C Lou Iannotti, C Bre'Shon Kimbell and RHP Garrett Woods.
SOUTHERN ILLINOIS MINERS — Signed LHP Kody Knaus.
WASHINGTON WILD THINGS — Signed INF Justin Bohn.
WINDY CITY THUNDERBOLTS — Sold the contract of RHP Kevin Lenik to Kansas City (AL). Signed RHP Robert Troiano.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association
PHILADELPHIA 76ERS — Exercised the contract option on F Robert Covington for the 2017-18 season.
FOOTBALL National Football League
CLEVELAND BROWNS — Signed QB DeShone Kizer and CB Chris Lewis-Harris. Waived CB Taurean Nixon.
DENVER BRONCOS — Signed CB Chris Lewis-Harris. Waived CB Taurean Nixon.
PITTSBURGH STEELERS — Signed LB T.J. Watt to a four-year contract.
HOCKEY National Hockey League
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS — Named Sheldon Brookbank assistant coach for Rockford (AHL).
LOS ANGELES KINGS — Activated D Matt Greene from injured reserve.
NEW YORK RANGERS — Agreed to terms with F Matt Puempel. Bought out the remaining three years of the contract of D Dan Girardi. Named Jed Ortmeyer director of player development, Steve Eminger professional scout and Ben Prentiss strength and conditioning consultant.
WASHINGTON NATIONALS — Acquired C Ty Graovac from Minnesota for a 2018 fifth-round draft pick.
OLYMPIC SPORTS USA Hockey
USAH — Named Joel Johnson coach, associate coach Maura Crowell and Courtney Kennedy assistant coach of the U.S. Women's National Under-18 Team for the 2017-18 season.
USA Wrestling
USAW — Named Kevin Jackson national freestyle developmental coach.
COLLEGE
BROWN — Named Matt Meuleners assistant wrestling coach.
GEORGE WASHINGTON — Announced women's sophomore basketball F Olivia Gumbs has transferred from Lafayette.
GEORGETOWN — Named James Howard women's basketball coach.
NC STATE — Announced graduate senior G Kiara Leslie has transferred from Maryland.
NORTHWESTERN — Named Tasha Pointer women's assistant basketball coach.
OKLAHOMA — Named Ruffin McNeill assistant head coach and defensive tackles coach.
TEMPLE — Promoted Vinnie James to associate athletics director/chief of staff.
VANDERBILT — Announced WR Alex Stump (Ohio State) and LS Scott Sypniewski (Michigan) have transferred to the school.
When I was growing up in Washington, I used to haunt Sullivan's Toy Store a few blocks from my home, searching for Revell models I could build. At Christmastime, the thick, lushly photographed FAO Schwarz catalog arrived, and along with my brothers and sisters I would ooh and ahh over elaborate castles and fancy train sets our family couldn't possibly afford. But deep down, we knew that such moments were mere stopgaps, ways of marking the passage of time between rare but wonderful visits to the fabled children's Xanadu known as Toys R Us.
I still remember the excitement of my first visit to the shrine, located out in the suburbs. I stood the middle of the store, turning this way and that. Overwhelmed by the shelves upon shelves of toys, I finally turned to my mother and said, “Oh my goodness, where should we meet? ” A moment later, I broke free of their restraining hand, racing to the games counter, where I stared in disbelief at what seemed mile-high stacks of Sorry! and Candy Land and Life. Another aisle featured Revell models, even the hard-to-find Moon Ship, in unimaginable quantities. Having visited once, I pleaded regularly with my mother for a return trip, saving my allowance of 50 cents for the rare occasions when they said yes. I was a child, so it never occurred to me that my newfound retail preference was helping a store that would become a category killer kill the category.
This week, Toys R Us Inc. finally died. The company had struggled for years as the toy business changed. Once upon a time, the chain was admired — and not only by children. In the 1980s, Toys R Us was the largest toy retailer in the United States and was pushing aggressively into foreign markets.
Management experts were explaining how the company's warehouse model was reducing the labor intensity of the toy business. The local toy stores couldn't compete.
But creative destruction giveth and creative destruction taketh away. In truth, Toys R Us began to have problems not long after its purchase by Interstate Stores in 1966. Interstate struggled, and by 1973 its annualized losses topped $60 million, an enormous amount at the time. (Only Penn Central Railroad lost more.) In the spring of 1974, Interstate went belly-up, and suppliers became uneasy about shipping merchandise to its subsidiaries — including Toys R Us — except on a cash basis. Toys R Us, which at the time had annual revenue of about $150 million, was still profitable, and persuaded a consortium of banks to extend it a $10 million line of credit — again, in those days a great deal of money.
For a while, Toys R Us prospered. Still, the handwriting was on the wall. The chain continued to dominate the toy industry for another decade and a half but then began to slip. In 1990, 25 percent of all toys sold in the U.S. were purchased at Toys R Us. A decade later, as the figure slipped well below 20 percent, Walmart Inc. surged ahead. The stores themselves were aging, and the company took a $495 million charge against earnings to spruce them up. Worried about the rise of EToys (does anyone remember EToys?) and American Girl (sold at the time exclusively through the mail), Toys R Us moved expensively and not very successfully into online and direct marketing. Meanwhile, high-volume, low-margin retailers like Walmart and Kmart were discounting toys to get consumers into the stores, then offering them a full-service experience that Toys R Us couldn't match.
In 2006, the chain was taken private, but the new owners were never able to reinvigorate its sales, or, for that matter, to get it out from under $5 billion in debt. In September, the company entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and now, after a disastrous holiday season, the owners are giving up. Seeking a cause for its demise, Toys R Us has cast the blame upon its competitors — particularly Amazon.com Inc. and Walmart — which is a little like saying I'd have won the golf tournament if not for all those guys with the lower scores.
But the chain's biggest foe was neither nimbler retailers nor that heavy debt load. It was the undermining of the very concept of the toy. For most of recorded history, toys have been physical things with which children play and create, telling themselves stories about the world and their place in it. My siblings and I enjoyed endless rounds of games with whatever came to hand. We seamlessly incorporated G.I. Joe, Barbie, Tonka Trucks, Swoppet Knights, Mr. Kelly's Car Wash, random Stratego tiles, dishes from the Deluxe Dream Kitchen, along with bits and pieces from an old Kenner Girder and Panel Building Set. We had our fun without the slightest idea where our games were headed. The rules we made up as we went along, with only our imaginations as guides. That was what toys were for.
By the 1990s, toys had to do things: They blinked, they spoke, they walked or rolled along the floor. They operated not according to the whims of children but according to definitions imposed by their creators. And a piece of the imagination died.
Well, toys that talk and blink a chain could still stock, albeit at a fearsome discount to compete with online retailers. But when a toy as a tangible thing to be manipulated yielded to a toy as a digital presence with which a child interacted via a multipurpose device, the idea of a toy store was in its death throes. As we learned from the demise of video and record chains, that which is downloadable needs no physical presence to be sold. And nowadays even very young children prefer the touchable screen to the touchable toy. Apart from a niche here and there, toy stores no longer serve any discernible function.
The end of Toys R Us will cost some 30,000 jobs, and even in a high-employment economy, many of the workers are bound to suffer. They're the casualties who deserve our sympathy. But perhaps in our busy lives we can also take a moment to reflect on the end of an era in which what mattered most for children at play was imagination — and the toy store, under whatever brand name, was a place of inspiration and wonder.
Stephen L. Carter is a Bloomberg View columnist.  They are a professor of law at Yale University and was a clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Their novels include “The Emperor of Ocean Park” and “Back Channel,” and their nonfiction includes “Civility” and “Integrity.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Mired in a scoring slump, St. Louis forward Vladimir Tarasenko was looking for that lucky bounce.
They found it when the Blues needed it most.
Tarasenko scored with 36 seconds left in overtime, and the short-handed St. Louis Blues beat the Buffalo Sabres 3-2 on Sunday night.
“I think when so many chances and the puck doesn't go in, you just have to play simple and get that lucky bounce,” Tarasenko said. “But I think overall our line is playing better every game. We're getting more chances all the time.”
Brayden Schenn and Paul Stastny also scored, and Joel Edmundson recorded two assists as the Blues topped the Sabres for the 10th time in their last 11 meetings. Jake Allen made 22 saves, improving to 5-1 in six career starts against Buffalo.
Evan Rodrigues, in just their third game this season after coming back from a hand injury, scored both goals for the Sabres, who have lost six of seven. Robin Lehner made 42 saves.
Tarasenko used their speed to get around the Sabres defense and notch their 14th goal of the season. Tarasenko tried to go backhand-forehand, but the puck deflected off Lehner's outstretched stick and into the net before they could finish the move.
“I didn't want them to get a shot off, so I did a poke check and it was a second too early and it went in, but he's a hell of a player with a hell of a shot, so I just wanted to take that away,” Lehner said. “I felt like I had them most of the game and it's tough.”
It was Tarasenko's second goal in their last nine games.
“He will be the first to admit he's missed more nets and hit more posts, but for me the mindset of them taking the puck to the net and scoring in tight, that's big,” Blues coach Mike Yeo said. “If they continue to do that, they won't be stopped.”
The Blues won their fourth straight despite being without second-leading scorer Jaden Schwartz and top defenseman Alex Pietrangelo, taking 58 combined points out of the St. Louis lineup.
Both suffered lower-body injuries in the Blues' 6-1 win at Detroit on Saturday afternoon. Schwartz was placed on injured reserve, but Pietrangelo is day-to-day.
“We rolled our forwards, rolled our D-men and we kind of played that next-man-up mentality, and we have enough depth and we have enough chemistry that we're confident with anyone that's out there,” Stastny said. “So when we're missing two big guys like that we don't use it as an excuse, we just keep playing.”
Schenn scored their 16th goal of the season just 40 seconds into the game to give the Blues a 1-0 lead. It was ninth goal in 18 career games against the Sabres.
Stastny scored their first goal in seven games to make it 2-0 with 3:43 left in the second period. Stastny put home a rebound off a shot by Tarasenko that went wide but caromed off the end boards right to theirs stick.
Rodrigues scored on a power play early in the third. Rodrigues was left unmarked at the side of the net when an Evander Kane pass deflected off of Sam Reinhart directly to their tape.
Rodrigues tied the game moments after the Sabres pulled Lehner for an extra attacker, putting home a rebound off a slap shot by Marco Scandella with 1:27 left.
“We respected them too much,” Sabres coach Phil Housley said. “That's a good hockey team. That's a very good hockey team, but until we got settled in and got back into the game, I thought our third period was really strong. We've just got to start the game that way.”
NOTES: The Blues recalled C Ivan Barbashev from Chicago (AHL) to take Schwartz's spot. … Sabres C Ryan O'Reilly played in their 600th career game. … The Blues scratched Pietraneglo, R Chris Thorburn and L Sammy Blais. … The Sabres scratched C Jordan Nolan, D Nathan Beaulieu and D Victor Antipin.
UP NEXT
Sabres: Host Ottawa on Tuesday.
Blues: Host Tampa Bay on Tuesday.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Showtime's video recap on the fight of the 21st century, Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao
WASHINGTON (AP) — The stakes confronting Republicans determined to dismantle President Barack Obama's health care law were evident in one recent encounter between an Ohio member of congress and a constituent.
“He said, ‘Now you guys own it. Now fix it. It's on your watch now,'” recalled GOP Rep. Pat Tiberi, chairperson of a pivotal health subcommittee. “And this is a supporter.”
Republicans have unanimously opposed Obama's law since Democrats muscled it through Congress in 2010. They've tried derailing it scores of times but have failed, stymied by internal divisions and Obama's veto power.
With the Republicans controlling Congress and Donald Trump entering the White House on Jan. 20, their mantra of repeal and replace is now a top-tier goal that the party's voters fully expect them to achieve — starting this week.
But by unwinding the statute, the GOP would kill or recast programs that provide coverage to 20 million Americans who will be wary of anyone threatening their health insurance. And continuing Republican rifts over how to reshape the law, pay for the replacement and avoid destabilizing health insurance markets mean party leaders have a bumpy path ahead.
___
Q: What's first?
A: When the new Congress convenes Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has said their chamber will begin debating a bare-bones budget for next year. Most significantly, that would trigger a special procedure letting Republicans repeal much of Obama's law by a simple Senate majority.
That's big because GOP senators will have only a 52-48 edge. The debate will also be a way for Republicans to signal quickly to voters that they're starting to erase the law, even as they save actually doing it for later.
___
Q: And then?
A: Lawmakers will work on legislation actually repealing much of Obama's law.
The legislation is likely to erase the mandate that people buy insurance or face hefty IRS fines, which Republicans despise. Also facing elimination or reductions: taxes Obama imposed on upper-income people to finance the law, subsidies that help millions afford health care and the expansion of Medicaid health coverage to more lower-earning people. Federal aid to Planned Parenthood would be halted, reflecting GOP opposition to the right to abortion, one of the women's health services provided by the organization.
They hope to pass the bill by late spring, but its provisions probably won't take effect for up to four years to give lawmakers time to craft a replacement.
This won't be easy. Many congressional Republicans are from states like Arizona, Nevada and Pennsylvania that have added about 10 million people to Medicaid and will oppose abandoning so many voters. Others will be nervous about voting to repeal the overall law without having replacement legislation to show constituents.
Republicans also worry that during the transition to a new system, health insurers — already struggling in some states — might protect themselves by leaving some markets and boosting premiums. To ease that, GOP aides say they're considering including some kind of stabilization fund in the repeal bill to protect insurers against losses. That remains a work in progress.
___
Q: Will the 20 million people now covered lose their benefits?
A: Some probably will, a byproduct of reducing Medicaid coverage and dropping the requirement that individuals buy insurance.
That could be partly offset by some who'd purchase less expensive policies because the bill will probably let insurers drop coverage for some of the 10 services they now must provide, such as outpatient care and pregnancies.
At a briefing for reporters, top House GOP aides said the goal is “universal access” to health benefits, as opposed to aiming for coverage of all Americans. They said Obama's law ended up with many policies that are too expensive and offer limited access to doctors, but the shift in focus to “access” suggests Republicans don't want to be measured by the number of people actually covered.
The Senate's new minority leader, Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said recently that repealing Obama's law without a replacement would mean “huge calamity from one end of America to the other.”
House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, called claims that 20 million people will lose coverage a “big lie.” They said Republicans will provide “an adequate transition period to give people piece of mind.”
___
Q: What about the replacement legislation?
A: Its ingredients remain unclear.
Trump, who's been vague, has proposed tax breaks to help people afford insurance, letting insurers sell policies across state lines and freeing states to decide how to spend Medicaid dollars.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has offered similar ideas plus transforming Medicare into a system that offers subsidies for buying policies. He'd tax — for the first time — the most expensive employer-provided health benefits.
The GOP effort might involve several bills, with Republicans pushing measures through Congress as they're ready. And it will probably take years, which would put political pressure on the GOP.
“The American people will want to see change overnight,” said Rep. Kristi Noem, R-S.D.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
They wake up one morning to commotion on the news: A skyscraper-size monster — a kaiju, to borrow the Japanese word for Godzilla and its ilk — appeared overnight in Seoul, Korea, terrorizing the locals. Gloria soon realizes that the monster has the same nervous tic they do, and they figure out that the kaiju's appearances in Seoul coincide with their drunken walks across the playground. When they share this revelation with Oscar and the gang, their reactions take the story down a dark path of childhood memories and recriminations.
Give the Spanish writer-director Nacho Vigalondo ("Timecrimes") credit for the most cleverly absurd premise since "The Lobster." Give them further credit for nurturing this seed of an idea into something bigger, a thoughtful parable of a woman battling demons taken to literal extremes.
("Colossal" is the first release of the new distributor Neon, formed by Tom Quinn, co-founder of the Weinstein Company's former branch Radius, and Tim League, co-founder of the Alamo Drafthouse theater chain. Neon aims to include short films with its features, and here the company is showing Peter Huang's "5 Films About Technology" as a humorous appetizer.)
Backed by a chilling performance by Sudeikis, Hathaway commands the screen here. In a shaggy wig and rumpled jacket, they play down their gamine leading-lady persona to get inside the soul of this screwed-up young woman as they confront the monster in their own past.
That's the beauty of "Colossal": Hathaway isn't playing a polished, perfectionist, Hollywood ideal of a female character. Them Gloria is messy, prone to error and sometimes self-hating. In short, she's a human being — and it's instructive that Hathaway had to make an Asian monster movie to find one of those.
movies@sltrib.com
Twitter: @moviecricket
Police dogs and their handlers at the scene of an explosion in southwest Austin, Texas, on Sunday.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Two people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital, and police weren't saying if it was caused by a package bomb like the three that detonated earlier this month elsewhere in the city.
The latest blast occurred around 8:30 p.m. Sunday in a suburban neighborhood known as Travis Country in southwest Austin - far from the previous three that were all in residential areas in the eastern part of the city - and investigators didn't immediately confirm what caused it. But police Chief Brian Manley repeated previously issued warnings for residents not to touch any unexpected packages left at their homes.
"What we have right now is a scene where it is obvious that an explosion has taken place," Manley said at a hastily organized news conference near the site of the latest blast.
They urged people within half a mile to stay in their homes and said authorities would keep the surrounding area blocked off at least until daybreak Monday "given the darkness and size of the area that we want to go in and check."
"We want to put out the message that we've been putting out and that is, not only do not touch any packages or anything that looks like a package, do not even go near it at this time," Manley said. Because "we have not had an opportunity to look at this blast site to really determine what has happened."
Manley also said authorities were still working to "clear" a suspicious backpack found in the area that was part of a separate report.
"It is important right now for anyone in the neighborhood behind us to remain inside and give us time to work through this," they said, adding that any witnesses should call 911 and report what they saw.
Two men in their 20s were hurt in the latest blast. Police said they were hospitalized with injuries that weren't life-threatening. It was the fourth explosion to rock Austin in less than three weeks.
The first was a package bomb that exploded at a northeast Austin home on March 2, killing a 39-year-old man. Two more package bombs then exploded farther south on March 12, killing a 17-year-old, wounding their mother and injuring a 75-year-old woman.
Police said all three of those were likely related and involved packages that had not been mailed or delivered by private carrier but left overnight on doorsteps. Manley originally suggested they could have been hate crimes since all the victims were black or Hispanic, but now says that investigators aren't ruling out any possible motive.
Manley last week urged residents receiving unexpected packages to call authorities without touching or opening them, and police responded to hundreds of calls about suspicious packages but didn't find anything dangerous.
On Sunday, police blocked entrances to the neighborhood where the latest blast occurred and put up yellow tape about half a mile from the home where it happened.
Despite the order for those living nearby to stay in their homes, neighbors milled around just outside the tape. Some reported hearing loud booms but couldn't provide many details. FBI agents arrived to conduct interviews.
The latest explosion came hours after authorities raised the reward by $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of whoever is responsible for the first three explosions. It now totals $115,000.
Sunday is the final day of the South By Southwest music festival, which draws hundreds of thousands to Austin every March. It is also the end of spring break for many area school districts, meaning families who were out of town in recent days are returning to a city increasingly on edge.
The explosions occurred far from the main South By Southwest activities, though a downtown concert by hip-hop band The Roots was canceled Saturday night after a bomb threat. Authorities later arrested a 26-year-old man, and the incident did not appear to be related to any previous explosions.
Miami AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Gordon 2b 4 0 1 0 0 1 .328 Prado 3b 3 0 1 0 0 0 .333 Riddle ss 1 0 0 0 0 1 .167 Yelich cf 4 1 2 1 0 0 .250 Stanton rf 4 0 1 0 0 1 .245 Ozuna dh 4 0 0 0 0 2 .373 Realmuto c 3 0 0 0 0 2 .366 Bour 1b 3 0 0 0 0 1 .133 Rojas ss-3b 3 0 0 0 0 0 .333 Suzuki lf 3 0 0 0 0 0 .067 Totals 32 1 5 1 0 8
Seattle AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Dyson lf 3 2 1 1 1 0 .209 Haniger rf 4 0 1 0 0 1 .291 Cano 2b 4 1 2 3 0 0 .232 Cruz dh 4 1 1 1 0 2 .231 Seager 3b 3 0 0 0 1 1 .234 Motter ss 4 1 2 1 0 1 .321 Valencia 1b 3 0 0 0 1 1 .163 Martin cf 4 1 1 0 0 1 .130 Zunino c 3 0 0 0 0 0 .189 Totals 32 6 8 6 3 7
Miami 000 000 001—1 5 1 Seattle 300 210 00x—6 8 0
E_Koehler (1). LOB_Miami 4, Seattle 5. 2B_Dyson (3), Cano (4). HR_Yelich (3), off Scribner; Cano (2), off Koehler; Cruz (2), off Koehler; Motter (3), off Urena. RBIs_Yelich (9), Dyson (3), Cano 3 (11), Cruz (8), Motter (6). SB_Martin (4).
Runners left in scoring position_Miami 1 (Yelich); Seattle 3 (Cruz, Valencia 2). RISP_Miami 0 for 1; Seattle 3 for 7.
Runners moved up_Cruz, Haniger.
Advertisement
Miami IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Koehler L, 0-1 4 7 5 5 3 5 88 5.40 Urena 4 1 1 1 0 2 53 2.25 Seattle IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Miranda W, 1-1 7 4 0 0 0 5 97 3.06 Vincent 1 0 0 0 0 1 14 3.86 Scribner 1 1 1 1 0 2 13 12.27
Umpires_Home, Marty Foster; First, Mike Winters; Second, Mark Wegner; Third, Mike Muchlinski.
T_2:31. A_16,990 (47,476).
Motorists across Leitrim are being warned to avoid a nightmare, post-Christmas return to work on “flat battery Tuesday” which falls on January 3rd.
Research from leading roadside assistance provider, Allianz Global Assistance Ireland, shows demand for jump-starts dramatically increases on the first day back to work after Christmas due to cars not being driven over the extended holiday period.
Allianz Global Assistance Ireland received a 30% increase nationally in flat battery call-outs on the first day back to work in January 2016. Figures also show an increase in calls for flat tyres and clutch faults on that day.
Roland Hesse, Managing Director Allianz Global Assistance Ireland, says: “We strongly advise motorists to avoid a “flat battery Tuesday” commuter meltdown this January. Every year we see an increase in calls on the first day back to work after Christmas because cars have not been used over the holiday period. We advise motorists to drive their cars at regular intervals over the break in order to keep the car battery charged, and to check on tyres to ensure the pressure doesn't go down. This will help avoid stress on the first day back to work or on the school run.”
They added: “Going back to work after hibernating over the long break is tough enough. But realising that your car won't start that morning can make matters worse. Our advice is to be prepared. Don't leave it to the last minute to check that everything in the car is ok.”
Top 5 reasons for roadside assistance calls (January 1st to December 1st 2016. Source: Allianz Global Assistance Ireland)
1. Battery Flat: 24%
2. Wheel Change (Puncture): 10%
3. Clutch: 5%
4. Engine Management Unit: 4%
5. Alternator: 3%
TRENTON, N.J. — The scouts who descended on Carmichael, Calif., a Sacramento suburb, in the spring of 2011 were confident they were coming to see a future major-league slugger.
And Rhys Hoskins was there, too.
Hoskins hit cleanup for Jesuit High School, at least once basketball season ended and they turned their attention to baseball. They had power, sure. But they also are committed to playing for Sacramento State, the only college that recruited him, and that was where the pro scouts would really take notice.
In 2011, the main attraction at Jesuit High was the hitter who batted ahead of Hoskins. Zach Green played shortstop and hit in the No. 3 spot. By age 17, they were already 6-foot-3. They received a scholarship offer from Oregon State before their sophomore year and played with Alex Bregman and Corey Seager on USA Baseball's 16U national team in 2010.
“Zach really stood out because they were so big as a shortstop,” Phillies scout Joey Davis said by phone. “He was probably about 6-3, 190, maybe 200, in high school. That was really appealing. I was in love with the body, but they showed they had a lot of power. That was a pretty good combination.”
Seven years later, as Hoskins has become the face of the Phillies, Green is finally beginning to resurface on the organization's radar. He's 24 now, and they are leading double-A Reading with 10 home runs and a .945 OPS, which ranks eighth in the Eastern League.
It's been a long road back here. The Phillies drafted Green in the third round in 2012 and signed them for $420,000. A year later, they led the short-season New York-Penn League with 13 homers in 74 games. But then their body betrayed him. They missed two months with back pain in 2014 and was limited to 26 games by a wrist injury in 2015. Two years ago, they played in pain before finally succumbing to Tommy John elbow surgery and a hip procedure.
And as Green recovered, Hoskins, shortstop J.P. Crawford, catcher Andrew Knapp, second baseman Scott Kingery and other prospects who were drafted in the years after them zoomed past them in the Phillies' farm system.
“It was tough,” Green said before a game in Trenton this week. “There were days I'd go into [Clearwater manager Greg Legg's] office and let them know, ‘Hey, there's no way I can go today. I'd just be an absolute liability out there even if I could play through it.' Going to the field like that is not how baseball should be.”
Green made it back from the surgeries by the middle of last season, but batted only .227 with nine homers in 198 at-bats on three minor-league levels. It wasn't until they went to the Arizona Fall League that they finally began to feel like himself.
The feeling has carried over into this season. Green doubled to left field in the fourth inning Tuesday night, marking their ninth consecutive game with a hit. With two games left this month, they are batting .333 with seven homers in May. Overall, they are batting .299 with a .360 on-base percentage.
“From the organization standpoint and my standpoint, we're just glad to see them able to play every day and pain free, and we're seeing the Zach Green that everybody thought we were going to see,” said Legg, now the manager in Reading. “He's been real consistent for us. He's back to the young, 19-year-old kid I remember seeing when I first got a look at them on the field.”
Green has come to appreciate the routines of the game. What often feels like a grind to many players is a labor of love for Green, who is delighting in finally being able to participate in the mundane rituals of batting and infield practice. These days, they spend extra time with hitting coach Kevin Riggs focusing on specifics. This week's emphasis is ambushing fastballs early in the count.
“Little things like that, I think, are helping me produce the numbers that everyone likes to see,” Green said. “I think it's the little, tiny goals that you can set within the game that really help. That's definitely my favorite part about being healthy — being able to work and improve my craft.”
Green stays in contact with Hoskins. They swap text messages at least once a month during the season. Every so often, Green recalls what it was like to play together.
“I was 3; they were 4,” Green said. “If I got on, they would score me.”
Said Davis: “They were the twin towers.”
Maybe someday they will play together again. Phillies manager Gabe Kapler attended a game in Reading in April and took note of seeing Green hit a home run.
“It didn't cross my mind until after the game and my mom called and was like, ‘Hey, Kapler was at your game,' ” Green said. “That was cool.”
Then again, Green says the same for almost every game he's able to play without the pain of the last few years dragging them down.
“He doesn't know what it's like for their body not to hurt,” Davis said. “He told me they feel like a new man, and it's starting to show. This is the true Zach Green that we were hoping to get.”
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California would set standards for organic marijuana, allow pot samples at county fairs and permit home deliveries under legislation set to be considered by lawmakers Thursday as the state prepares for next year's start of legal marijuana sales.
Lawmakers and Gov. Jerry Brown's administration are working to merge California's new voter-approved recreational pot law with the state's longstanding medical marijuana program. They have settled on an array of regulations to protect consumers and public safety while ensuring taxes are collected.
The provisions were tucked into the state budget agreement between Brown and top legislative Democrats announced this week following months of negotiations with businesses operating illegally or in the legal medical marijuana field and investors who want to enter the nation's largest legal marijuana market.
“One of the biggest challenges we have is taking a multi-billion-dollar industry out of the dark and now into the light,” said Sen. Mike McGuire, a Democrat whose district includes much of Northern California's prime marijuana growing region.
By 2018, state officials must have crafted regulations and rules governing the emerging legal marijuana market with an estimated annual sales value of $7 billion — ranging from where and how plants can be grown to setting guidelines to track the buds from fields to stores. Full legal sales are expected to roll out later in the year.
In general, the state will treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing people 21 and older to legally possess up to an ounce of marijuana and grow six marijuana plants at home.
The budget agreement includes $118 million to pay for startup costs for the newly regulated industry, including technology and staff to work on regulations and issue licenses. The state will open a tax office in the remote region north of San Francisco so marijuana businesses can pay their taxes in cash without having to drive long distances with thousands of dollars.
Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, pot businesses generally cannot open bank accounts, conduct credit card transactions or otherwise use the federally regulated banking system.
The legislation outlines baseline rules for marijuana businesses and was crafted to promote a new artisanal industry in a state that has embraced craft beer and small wineries.
It would require state regulators to come up with rules for marijuana producers to call their goods organic — an important designation for California consumers that cannot be used on pot under federal rules. The state would also create standards for official marijuana varietals and growing regions, known as appellations, so craft producers can distinguish their products based on the unique strain and growing conditions like winemakers do.
With temporary licenses from the state, businesses would be allowed to sell pot and provide samples at county fairs, regional agricultural associations and cannabis festivals.
Growers would be allowed to form agricultural cooperatives without running afoul of antitrust laws. Businesses would be able to legally grow, distribute and sell their own product, though firms performing safety tests will have to be independent, with no financial ties to growers or retailers.
Keeping an open container of marijuana in a vehicle would be illegal like it is for alcohol in California, except for people with a medical card or doctor's note.
Brown and lawmakers agreed to allow sellers with no public storefronts to deliver marijuana directly to customers.
“There are thousands of businesses currently engaged in this type of commerce,” Hezekiah Allen, executive director of the California Growers Association. “The more of them that can get licensed, the better off the state is going to be, the faster we'll be able to get rid of the criminal element and the faster we'll be able to make sure the product is safe and tested.”
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. Besides the Apple move, Berkshire also revealed a new 8 million share stakes in Monsanto and added to its relatively new airline investments.
Berkshire, meanwhile, sold off a significant portion of its Wal-Mart investment and reduced its stake in the retailer to 1.4 million shares from nearly 13 million shares at the end of September.
Berkshire's Apple Inc. stake is now worth $7.7 billion, up from roughly $2 billion the previous quarter. That investment got attention when it was first disclosed last year because Buffett has always been reluctant to invest in technology companies.
Advertisement
Investors like to look at Berkshire's investments because of Buffett's remarkably successful track record, although the filing doesn't make clear who made all the investments. Berkshire officials don't generally comment on the filings and didn't respond to questions Tuesday.
Buffett handles the biggest investments in Berkshire's portfolio, such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo and IBM. They have said that investments of less than $1 billion are likely to be the work of Ted Weschler or Todd Combs, who each handle about $9 billion for Berkshire.
Buffett surprised many people last fall by disclosing new investments in American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Continental and Southwest because they had previously advised investors to stay away from the airline sector.
Berkshire added to all of its airline investments. At the end of 2016, Berkshire held 45.5 million shares of American, 60 million shares of Delta, 43.2 million shares of Southwest and nearly 29 million shares of United Continental.
Besides investments the Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire owns more than 90 subsidiaries, including insurance, utility and jewelry firms.
Laura Geller is adding makeup artist Ashlee Glazer to their brand.
Glazer will serve as the global artistic director for Laura Geller's namesake makeup label, which turned 20 this year. In their role — a first for the brand — Glazer will serve as a backup host on QVC, which is Laura Geller's biggest retail partner. She'll also assist in product development, train field staff on looks to create with new products and will work closely with the marketing team.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
BEIJING (AP) — China's government appealed to U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday to avoid a "trade war" ahead of what the White House says is a possible announcement of an investigation into whether China is stealing U.S. technology.
An official told reporters the president would order their trade office on Monday to look into whether to launch an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 of possible Chinese theft of U.S. technology and intellectual property.
"There is no future and no winner in a trade war and both sides will be the losers. As we have emphasized for many times, the nature of China-U.S. trade relations is mutual benefit and win-win," said a foreign ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying.
"Considering the importance of the China-U.S. relations, China is willing to make joint efforts with the United States to keep trade and economic relations on sustained, healthy and stable development on the basis of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit," Hua said.
Earlier Monday, a state newspaper, the China Daily, said Trump's possible decision to launch an investigation could "intensify tensions," especially over intellectual property.
A decision to use the law to rebalance trade with China "could trigger a trade war," said the commentary under the name of researcher Mei Xinyu of the ministry's International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute.
"And the inquiry the U.S. administration has ordered into China's trade policies, if carried out, could intensify tensions, especially on intellectual property rights," the commentary said.
It gave no indication of how Beijing might respond but Chinese law gives regulators broad discretion over what foreign companies can do in China.
If an investigation begins, Washington could seek remedies either through the World Trade Organization or outside of it.
Previous U.S. actions directed at China under the 1974 law had little effect, said the China Daily. It noted that China has grown to become the biggest exporter and has the world's largest foreign exchange reserves.
"The use of Section 301 by the U.S. will not have much impact on China's progress toward stronger economic development and a better future," said the newspaper.
A SYDNEY mother got the shock of their life after purchasing Christmas cards from Big W when they found a rubber item wedged between them.
Mum-of-three Laura told The Daily Telegraph that they initially suspected it was a condom and refused open the packaging at home to take a proper look.
“I did take the cards back and the staff where a bit shocked too but opened them to see what is been while I was there as I was really concerned and wanted to contact the supplier if it turned out to be a condom,” they said today.
“When they pulled it out, it turned out to be one of those long finger cover things.
“Still was a shock to my system for a good 24 hours wondering what on earth it was and will still contact the company about it as it's not a good look when you get something like that in a packet of Christmas cards, but was thankful that's all it was.”
According to Laura, the rubber turned out to be a latex finger cover, which may have been used for counting the cards before packaging.
They said they nearly handed them to their children; their youngest is a three year old.
“I almost gave the cards to my kids to write out, until I noticed that in there,” they said.
“The purpose for buying the cards was for them to hand out heading into the last week of school of the year.”
Big W has been approached for comment.
BOSTON-- During its first two years, StreetCred, a free tax preparation program developed at Boston Medical Center (BMC), helped 753 clients in pediatric clinics receive over $1.6 million in federal tax returns. Results from surveys of clients and staff, published in Pediatrics, showed that StreetCred was associated with a significant improvement in tax filings and a significant increase in client knowledge about the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), which helps lift families out of poverty.
StreetCred was created by two BMC pediatricians in 2016 with the goal of providing free tax preparation services by trained professionals to help decrease financial stress for low income families and maximize their tax refunds through EITC and child tax credits. Health has been highly linked to financial standing, and the EITC, which can refund families up to $6,000, has been associated with health benefits such as higher birth weights and decreased maternal depression. However, 20 percent of eligible families in the U.S. don't receive the EITC, mainly because they are unaware of their eligibility. In addition, those who do receive the EITC often lose some of their refund - between 13 to 22 percent - to the for-profit tax services who prepared their taxes.
Given the trusted position of pediatricians and the relationship that develops during patient visits, StreetCred services were placed directly in BMC's outpatient pediatric clinic for the first year. The program then expanded to three additional community health center pediatric clinics and a clinic for homeless individuals in 2017.
Between 2016 and 2017, the program increased tax filing and refunds, saved client's money in preparation fees, and ensured that clients who were eligible received the EITC. Of the $1.6 million that was refunded to the 753 clients, approximately $400,000 was in the form of EITCs. Twenty one percent of clients were new filers, and 14 percent reported receiving the EITC for the first time. This successful financial intervention was extremely well-liked by both clients and staff, who gave the program favorable scores, 96 and 97 percent, respectively.
"Based on the results of our survey and data collection, it's clear that StreetCred is a promising model for providing financial interventions within hospital outpatient and community health clinics," says Lucy Marcil, MD, MPH, co-founder of StreetCred and pediatrician at BMC. "As pediatricians dedicated to improving children's health, it is imperative that we work to financially empower our patients' families, and providing free tax services is a novel and effective approach to do so."
StreetCred expanded further during the 2018 tax season, and will be testing scalability to other hospitals outside of Massachusetts and in non-urban settings in the future. The program will evaluate how much money families received in refunds during years they received tax preparation at StreetCred compared to previous years. They also will evaluate whether integrating StreetCred into medical clinics impacts health care use.
###
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
Joseph A. Gambardello is online breaking news editor. A former wire service foreign correspondent and New York City newspaper journalist, they joined the Inquirer in 1995 and has worked on the city, South Jersey, features, and online desks.
Susan Snyder has covered education for the Inquirer since 1998. They currently cover higher education. They were a member of the team that won the Pulitzer Prize for public service in 2012.
Bermuda police have released this photo in an effort to find missing St. Joseph's University first-year student Mark Dombroski.
The search for a St. Joseph's University first-year student who was reported missing in Bermuda over the weekend ended Monday afternoon when their body was found in a moat outside a historic fort, police said.
Several hundred St. Joseph's students and staff learned of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski's death at the university's chapel, where they had gathered to pray for their safe return. As the vigil ended, many of those who poured out cried and embraced one another.
“There's deep grief,” said Mary Brown, a Latin professor who went to the vigil to support their students. “Everyone's very, very shaken by the loss.”
Dombroski, of Media, traveled to the British island territory last week for a rugby tournament with other members of the St. Joseph's team. They were last seen on video footage at 1:15 a.m. Sunday about a mile and a half from a bar they had left an hour earlier.
James Howard, acting assistant commissioner of Bermuda Police Services, said foul play had not been ruled out. They said an autopsy would be performed to determine a cause of death. Dombroski's body was found in a wooded area less than 300 yards from a police station and about a half-mile from the stadium where the tournament was held.
“We continue to appeal for witnesses and anyone with information on the last known whereabouts of 19-year old Mark Dombroski,” Howard said.
Dombroski's parents had accompanied the team on the trip. On Monday, their mother, Lisa, joined by their husband, John, and their other two sons, had pleaded for anyone with information to contact authorities “and help bring our son back.”
“We dearly love our son. We cherish our son,” they said. “My other sons, my husband, we love them dearly. We want them back.”
Police said Dombroski did not appear to have been inebriated when they went missing.
“There's no information to suggest, at the moment, that they themselves was intoxicated or that alcohol is a part,” Detective Sgt. Jason Smith said. “The inquiry so far hasn't led us to believe that.”
Police said Dombroski had been with teammates at the Dog House, a bar on the waterfront in Hamilton, Bermuda's capital. They left shortly after midnight. At 1:09 a.m. they were spotted nearby on surveillance camera video. At 1:15 a.m. another camera recorded them using their cellphone on Middle Road, about 1.5 miles from the Dog House, police said.
Their family reported them missing at 9:39 a.m. Sunday. The family was scheduled to return home later that day.
Lisa Dombroski said they believed their son had decided to call it a night before their friends. They said they had hurt their shoulder in the tournament and could be seen in the surveillance footage “favoring their arm.”
“He wasn't enjoying the party atmosphere as some of the boys were,” they said. “My assessment is they wanted to get going. I think they probably wanted to get back to where they were staying. I think possibly others wanted to stay longer.”
The search was extensive. Police said they checked every public CCTV on the 20.5-square-mile island. A marine unit searched Hamilton's harbor. Two teams fanned out over the Bermuda Arboretum, a 22-acre national park. Civilians donated drones to the cause.
Eleven members of the St. Joseph's rugby team, one coach, and four parents traveled to the island on Wednesday for the Ariel Re Bermuda International 7's Tournament. The school has participated in the tournament for the last several years. Matches are held in the National Sports Centre, just outside Hamilton.
St. Joseph's officials learned that Dombroski was missing about 10:15 a.m. Sunday. The team's coach stayed to help in the search efforts while the rest of the team returned to Philadelphia on Sunday.
After Monday's vigil at the university, 19-year-old Nick Filardo, a first-year student, struggled to fight back the tears. They said they knew Dombroski through their roommate, a rugby player.
“Mark was just a really positive kid,” they said.
“What's really important right now is staying positive the way they would,” they added. “A community staying together in a time of need.”
Mark C. Reed, the university's president, said Monday had “been a day of hoping and praying and worrying, not just as a college president…but also as a parent.” They said the chapel would remain open and counseling services would be available to students.
They said they had told students, “Prayer sometimes is a mystery to us. We don't always understand it…. But God knows what we're thinking. God knows what's in our heart. I told them to lean on God, as well as each other, at a time like this.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — Robin Lehner made 39 saves against their former team and Matt Moulson and Justin Bailey scored in the third period to rally the Buffalo Sabres past the Ottawa Senators 3-2 on Tuesday night.
Lehner is 4-0-2 against the club that drafted them in the second round of the 2009 NHL draft. They were traded away with David Legwand in June 2015 to Buffalo for the 21st overall pick in that year's draft.
Ryan O'Reilly also scored for the Sabres.
Bobby Ryan ended a five-game run without a point by getting a goal and an assist for Ottawa. Dion Phaneuf also scored, and Craig Anderson made 22 saves.
Advertisement
After a solid start to the third period, Buffalo kept pushing and was rewarded when Bailey tipped Jake McCabe's point shot to take a 3-2 lead at 7:38.
The Sabres tied it 51 seconds into the third when Moulson picked up a puck at the side of the net and put it over Anderson's back.
Coming into the game, Buffalo had given up 62 second-period goals, third worst in the league. Tuesday night was no different as the Sabres were outshot 16-7.
Ottawa made it 63 when Phaneuf jumped on a soft rebound and put the puck past Lehner to give the Senators a 2-1 lead.
The Sabres opened the scoring on their first shot when O'Reilly used Phaneuf as a screen and beat Anderson low glove side. The Senators tied it at the 14-minute mark of the period when Ryan tipped Erik Karlsson's shot from the point.
This was the fifth and final meeting between the two teams, with Buffalo going 4-0-1.
NOTES: Ottawa wrapped its four-game homestand 2-2-0. … Senators D Chris Wideman was a late scratch due to a lower-body injury, and RW Curtis Lazar was a healthy scratch for the fourth straight game. … Buffalo D Zach Bogosian returned to the lineup after missing the last six games with a rib injury, but LW Evander Kane did not play due to illness and D Taylor Fedun was a healthy scratch.
UP NEXT
Sabres: Host Colorado on Thursday night to start a three-game homestand.
Senators: Travel to play New Jersey on Thursday night.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A new direction for Vigo County lies in the power of a vote among the county council.
Scroll for more content...
Plans have been in the works to build a convention center in Downtown Terre Haute, and local leaders are looking at a food and beverage tax to help pay for it.
The tax would be a 1 percent fee and would only apply to dine-in and fast food restaurants, as well as prepared meals, hot bar items, buffets, prepared deli items and catered food. The tax would not apply to groceries, unprepared food and catering service.
In May, Indiana lawmakers voted to approve the proposal for the tax in Vigo County. Governor Eric Holcomb signed off on the measure in June.
The ball now lies in the court of the county council, who will decide if the tax will happen in Vigo County.
"At this time I'm for it if it's going to bring some health and strength to our community financially," said Dwayne Malone, taxpayer, "There was some talk from the mayor as far as doing this project, and then in the future these funds being used for other projects in our community, and that's the thing that gave me hope as far as looking at other projects."
Malone said he's not opposed to the new tax, however, they want to make sure local leaders do not overlook other projects in need of their attention.
"Tax dollars is everybody's money, even the poor, they have to pay taxes," they said, "So this money should be used to uplift blighted and poor areas in our community."
Malone was one of several who came forward to the council with comments and concerns on Monday night. County Council members hosted a public hearing so the community could learn more about the proposed tax prior to the vote.
Council President Aaron Loudermilk says he's supportive of the tax and hopes other council members will consider voting in favor of it.
"I believe it's the right thing to do," Loudermilk said, "It's a necessary thing to do, it's a necessary thing to progress our community and give our community more opportunities."
"The elected officials in Indianapolis do not just hand out the chance for food and beverage," Loudermilk said, "So if we do not take full advantage, I'm afraid we're not going to have those opportunities in the future."
Loudermilk says there's a need for convention space in the county and with this opportunity, it could mean a large economic boost.
"I think we need an extra item to draw tourism into our county, and I think this is a catalyst to do just that," they said, "I think this is something that could benefit our community. I think it's something that will bring people here into our restaurants, into our hotels and support our local business owners, especially the ones downtown."
The proposed food and beverage tax comes at a time when there's a lot on the county council's plate, including building a new jail.
"You've got three high schools that need to be renovated, you have the food and beverage with the convention center, and then also we have a jail that we have to construct," they said, "There has been a lot on our plate, especially as new council members having our first year last year, but that's the hand we're dealt. We knew when we ran for this office that we were going to have all these considerations in play, and that's just something we have to deal with."
Another special meeting will be held this Thursday, July 5th, at 4:00 p.m. at the Vigo County Annex. Council members will not vote on the tax at that meeting.
Thursday's meeting will be to hear the first reading of the proposed ordinance for the tax. The council's vote will come at a later date.
ZURICH May 3 Swisscom AG said on Wednesday that first-quarter net profit rose 2.5 percent, beating analyst expectations, as the state-controlled telecommunications company continued cost-cutting in its home market.
Net profit rose to 373 million Swiss francs ($376.27 million), more than the average estimate of 355 million francs in a Reuters poll. Sales slipped 1.9 percent to 2.83 billion francs.
The company cut its Swiss headcount by 680 employees to 18,280 from the previous year as its core business declined. Swisscom left its outlook unchanged for 2017, when it still expects net revenue of around 11.6 billion francs and an operating profit of around 4.2 billion francs. ($1 = 0.9913 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Miller; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
The sense-ability school on the south side of Great Falls is one designed for autistic children. It was set to open this fall but unfortunately they are still waiting to officially open their doors.
They need a few more dollars in the bank to help them meet zoning codes and ring that school bell. The thing is they have to officially be ready for classes by January or they will lose the zoning permit.
"Sprinkler system again for the safety, of the children and we need to fix up thee emergency exist on the west of the building that will be accessible from the classrooms, and there we are talking some serious money I'm thinking 60- 80 thousand dollars," said Watson.
Also there is still a kitchen to build and even an area for a stage. And they also need to expand their parking area in the back. Rita said it maybe a lot of work but for the children it will all be worth it.
They said Saturday they are meeting with the contractor, and added any and all help from the community whether its painting a wall to even five dollars is a huge help. They will be hosting an open house November third. For information on the open house click here.
The School Board of Independent School District 138 met in a Working Session on Thursday, January 26, 2017, at 5:30 p.m. in Room 118 at the North Branch Area Education Center.
Chair Ekstrom called the meeting to order.
The Pledge of Allegiance was said by all.
Roll Call: Kirby Ekstrom, Tim MacMillan, Cathie Pascavage, Darryl Goebel, Sarah Grovender, Mindy Michaud, and Superintendent Henton
Others in Attendance:
Denise Martin, Todd Tetzlaff, Becca Johnson, Kirstin Perales, Diane Solberg, Ian McWilliams, Scott Schraufnagel, Randi Johnson, Pat Tepoorten, and Arle Chambers
Items Discussed
Budget Discussion for 2017-18
Randi Johnson, Director of Finance and Human Resources, presented the budget forecast for 2017-18. The district is facing a $1.7-million-dollar deficit. The figure is higher than originally projected.
The Board members reviewed the budget timeline as presented by Pat Tepoorten, Community Relations Director. The budget forecast will be presented to all staff on Friday, January 27. During the months of February and early March, the Superintendent and the Director of Finance and Human Resources will gather staff input regarding the budget.
A public meeting will be held on March 9, 2017 at 5:30 pm in Room 126 to present the budget recommendation. The school board will adopt the final budget prior to June 30, 2017.
School Board Retreat
A school board retreat was scheduled for Saturday, April 8th from 8:00 am noon.
Adjournment
Chair Ekstrom adjourned the meeting at 6:47 pm.
Mindy Michaud, Clerk
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 2017
653051
* SSEC -0.3 pct, CSI300 -0.2 pct, HSI +0.5 pct
* China's central bank skipped OMO for third session
* HK-listed mainland developers bounced sharply
SHANGHAI, March 28 China stocks weakened on Tuesday morning on further signs of tightening liquidity conditions after the central bank refrained from injecting short-term funds into the banking system for the third session in a row.
Hong Kong stocks followed Asian markets higher after Wall Street stabilized following the U.S. President Donald Trump's healthcare reform debacle.
China's blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.2 percent, to 3,471.49 points by the lunch break, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent, to 3,257.38 points.
The People's Bank of China skipped open market operations again on Tuesday, citing "appropriate" liquidity levels in the banking system as the reason not to inject funds.
The PBOC's decision reinforces Beijing's tighter monetary policy bias, which has pared risk appetite and offset the impact from recent upbeat economic data.
"In the short term, neither bulls nor bears can get the upper hand," Min Lizheng, analyst at Eastmoney Securities wrote.
The government must balance the need to support the economy and ward off asset price bubbles, Min said.
Most sectors fell, with transportation and consumer among the worst performers.
HONG KONG
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 0.5 percent, to 24,317.93 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.8 percent, to 10,444.48.
Sentiment was aided by Asian stocks, which advanced after Wall Street steadied and the dollar bounced from a four-month-low, as anxiety over Trump's setback on healthcare reform gave way to tentative hopes for the U.S. President's planned stimulus policies.
Most sectors rose in Hong Kong, with an index tracking mainland developers jumping over 2 percent after the previous session's tumble.
(Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Prime Minister Theresa May will hail “a new sense of optimism” in Brexit talks on Monday, telling parliament Britain and the European Union should sign off on a deal at a summit this week “to move forwards together” to discuss future trade ties.
May, weakened after losing their Conservatives' parliamentary majority at a June election, rescued an agreement last week to move the negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union on to their second phase after easing the concerns of their Northern Irish allies over a border with EU member Ireland.
But the discussion of Britain‘s trade relationship with the EU after Brexit contains many pitfalls and could widen differences among their top team of ministers, or cabinet, over how Britainshould look after it leaves the bloc.
In a statement to parliament, May will take to task those who doubted that they could move the talks beyond the initial stage of agreeing terms on how much Britain should pay, citizens' rights and the border between the British province of Northern Ireland and EU member Ireland.
“I have always been clear that this was never going to be an easy process. It has required give and take for the UK and the EU to move forwards together. And that is what we have done,” they will say, according to extracts provided by their office.
“Of course, nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.
“But there is, I believe, a new sense of optimism now in the talks and I fully hope and expect that we will confirm the arrangements I have set out today in the European Council later this week,” they will say after holding a meeting of their cabinet.
May will head to Brussels on Thursday for a summit meeting at which they expect the leaders of the other 27 EU states to approve an assessment by negotiators that the sides have made “sufficient progress” to move on to phase two.
TROUBLES AHEAD
The deal to launch further talks looked in jeopardy a week ago when May was forced to abandon a choreographed meeting in Brussels intended to seal the deal after their allies in Northern Ireland expressed fears they were proposing a special status for the region — out of sync with the rest of the United Kingdom.
After days of diplomacy, there was a compromise — if no overall Brexit deal is secured, Britainwill keep “full alignment” with those rules of the EU's single market that help cooperation between Ireland's north and south.
But those words have reverberated in both London and Belfast, with Brexit minister David Davis saying they were more “a statement of intent” than a legally binding move.
On Monday, Davis told LBC their words had been taken out of context and denied they were backing away from the commitment, but added there were several ways of securing a frictionless border.
The Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party, which props up May's Conservative minority government in parliament, has said it is still concerned about how alignment could work withoutBritain staying in the EU's single market and customs union.
For some campaigners for Britain to leave the EU, the possibility of having to follow the bloc's rules meant that they could have Brexit in name only.
But May will say the commitments made in the first round of talks — which includes a payment of 35-39 billion pounds over many years to meet EU obligations — were necessary to sever ties with the bloc.
“In doing so we can move on to building the bold new economic and security relationships that can underpin the new deep and special partnership we all want to see,” they will say.
“A partnership between the European Union and a sovereign United Kingdom that has taken control of its borders, money and laws once again.”
Thousands of Uyghur Muslims are currently being detained in cramped conditions at so-called political education camps in China's restive far-western region of Xinjiang -- and the trend shows no sign of abating, exiled Uyghur activists and human rights advocacy groups say.
Scroll for more content...
"Every household, every family had three or four people taken away," said Omer Kanat, executive committee chairperson of the World Uyghur Congress, an umbrella group for the Uyghur diaspora.
"In some villages, you can't see men on the streets anymore -- only women and children -- all the men have been sent to the camps."
One recent news report put the number of Uyghurs confined at 120,000 in "overcrowded and squalid" conditions in just one prefecture in southern Xinjiang. Radio Free Asia, a US Congress-funded station known for its extensive Uyghur reporting, attributed the figure to an anonymous security official in Kashgar.
Tensions have remained high in Xinjiang -- a resource-rich area long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking ethnic Uyghurs -- following a spate of violent attacks in recent years. The Chinese authorities have blamed the incidents on Muslim Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state.
While activists CNN spoke to couldn't confirm the figure reported by RFA, they say it fits with the increasingly bleak picture for the 10 million Uyghurs in Xinjiang, where the government has been waging unrelenting campaigns against what it calls the forces of "terrorism, separatism and religious extremism."
'Brainwashing' process
Kanat and other human rights advocates describe, citing sources on the ground, how people supposedly prone to influences of Islamic extremism undergo a "brainwashing" process inside the detention camps -- often housed in converted schools or government buildings.
Detainees are required to praise the ruling Communist Party, sing revolutionary songs, learn to speak Mandarin, study the thought of Chinese leader Xi Jinping, and confess perceived transgressions such as praying at a mosque or traveling abroad, according to activists.
"It's completely unlawful -- the authorities provide no legal documentation to the families and there are no time limits (on the length of detention)," said Maya Wang, Hong Kong-based senior China researcher for Human Rights Watch, which published a detailed report on the subject last September and called on Beijing to free all detainees.
"There's a lot of fear, with people losing contact with loved ones."
Xinjiang authorities have not responded to CNN's repeated requests for information on the political education camps and response to activists' allegations, but state media outlets have covered these facilities and touted their effectiveness in de-radicalizing the locals.
One newspaper article last April said that Uyghur residents "eat and live alongside party cadres" in one such camp that had "already trained 2,008 people."
Calling for a "great wall of iron" to safeguard the region's stability, President Xi has further expanded and strengthened China's vast security forces in Xinjiang.
Ubiquitous surveillance
Activists say the regional government, now led by a hardline Xi loyalist, has not only continued to arrest and imprison many Uyghurs but also increasingly relied on high-tech tools to keep the population in check. They cite examples ranging from ubiquitous surveillance cameras, to mandatory GPS tracker installation in cars and DNA collection for all residents aged 12 to 65.
The authorities also enacted a sweeping anti-extremism law last year, with long beards, veils in public and home-schooling all on the ban list, prompting new denunciations from international human rights groups.
Amnesty International has said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in housing, education and employment as well as curtailed religious freedom in their homeland. Other critics have linked the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing's repressive reign there -- a claim the government vehemently denies.
Over the past decades, the arrival in Xinjiang of waves of Han Chinese, the country's predominant ethnic group, has also fueled ethnic tensions, despite the government's best effort to paint a picture of ethnic harmony.
"We guarantee the legitimate rights and interests of all ethnicities and prohibit the discrimination and oppression against any ethnic groups," Zhang Yijiong, a senior Communist Party official in charge ethnic minority affairs, told reporters last October. "The cultures, histories, languages and traditions of all ethnicities are protected and respected by national laws."
Critics of Beijing's Uyghur policy see a starkly different scenario in Xinjiang, as the authorities intensify their crackdown and forced political indoctrination spreads.
"These campaigns are purportedly about counter-extremism and counterterrorism, but ... it's really about surveillance, control and assimilation," said Wang, the Human Rights Watch researcher.
"The real intention of the Chinese government is to eliminate the Uyghurs as a distinct ethnic group," Rebiya Kadeer, a longtime exiled Uyghur leader who recently stepped down as president of the World Uyghur Congress, told CNN in an interview in Washington last year.
"Religious suppression, cultural restrictions, Uyghur language ban -- all this repression in Xinjiang only makes the Uyghurs hold on to their identity more firmly," they added. "China has awakened the Uyghur people."
Education Week reports on the wide range of states that are considering expanding school choice in their 2017 legislative sessions, and on a couple where opponents are trying to roll back the clock.
EdWeek cites Arkansas, Arizona, Kentucky, Missouri and Texas as prime targets of opportunity for reformers.
Meanwhile, lawmakers in Nevada are trying to roll back gains made in recent years, and Maryland Democrats are standing in the schoolhouse door against proposals by Republican Gov. Larry Hogan to expand choice.
Read the whole thing here.
By The Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's Foreign Ministry says it will raise the case of a detained British-Iranian woman with the judiciary “out of humanitarian concerns” following a visit by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.
Ministry spokesperson Bahram Ghasemi said Monday that the final decision on whether to release Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year sentence for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government, rests with the judiciary.
Johnson raised the case during a two-day visit to Iran that concluded Sunday.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker, was detained in April 2016. Them family has denied the allegations against them
Advertisement
 They are among several dual nationals held in Iran, where the judiciary and security forces are dominated by anti-Western hard-liners. It's unclear whether Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, a relative moderate, can secure their release.
A group of former Brazilian women's national team players have signed an open letter criticizing their federation following the dismissal of coach Emily Lima.
The group includes Formiga, who currently plays professionally for Paris Saint-Germain in France but retired from the national team last year after a record-breaking career that included every Olympic women's tournament.
"We, the players, have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today," Friday's letter said. "Yet we, and almost all other Brazilian women, are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport."
Lima, the first woman ever to coach Brazil's national team, was fired late last month after less than a year on the job. The team went 7-5-1 during their short tenure.
Following their dismissal, several veteran players, including Cristiane and Fran, stepped down from the team. They were among those who signed the open letter, along with Formiga.
"Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil's women were neglected by CBF (the Brazilian soccer confederation). The events of the last week — where players' voices were ignored, and some are now retiring in protest — is the result of a long history of lockout," it read. "While some validly choose to remain inside the team and seek change from within, the fact that players have to make such a choice raises bigger issues. It has made us determined to speak out and demand change."
The players called on CBF to include women in leadership and decision-making positions, and to help provide a path for players to pursue coaching jobs.
Cristiane spread the letter to social media with the hashtag #hearhervoice.
"Today I'm posting a very important document, which I've signed together with many legends of the Brazil team. Please join many other former national team players from around the world by supporting & sharing our request for gender equality in Brazil football," they said on Instagram.
The CBF did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Haunted by a traumatic past, Jessica Jones uses their gifts as a private eye to find their tormentor before they can harm anyone else in Hell's Kitchen. Just don't get in their way. Marvel's Jessica Jones Season 2 coming March 8, only on Netflix.
Lincoln, Neb. — The Nebraska football team completed its second week of fall camp on Saturday. The Huskers practiced for just over two overs in full pads inside Memorial Stadium. Head Coach Mike Riley met with the media following practice and commented on the practice. “It was a fun day,” Riley said. “It was all critical situation stuff today. We had one regular drive, full speed live that was just like getting the ball after a touchback drive. Then we went into the high red fringe part of it at the 45 [yard line] and had a real drive. Then with the ones (first unit) we backed it back down and did some coming out, some more red zone, did a drill that was a lot of football situation stuff and then we let the young guys scrimmage for a bit to finish it up. They must've gotten 20 plus plays in there.” Coach Riley also discussed their thoughts on the offense's performance on Saturday.
“Overall there was more efficiency,” Riley said. “There were some snapshots that look like a picture of what we want to be. Some good play action down the field throws, good efficiency on third down stuff and we made a nice touchdown pass in the red zone. The efficiency parts of running the ball was pretty good. Play action off the run was pretty good, efficiency looked good at times and then you get down the red zone and make a nice move touchdown pass. It looked good. There was some stuff like that that I think was kind of that snapshot.” Riley then mentioned the outline for the upcoming weeks as Nebraska moves from training camp and head into Arkansas State preparation. “We've got three weeks from today,” Riley said. “This is going to be for us as we approach it. One more week of training. Then start heading into two weeks of more specific Arkansas State type stuff. That's what our future looks like after today.” Riley also noted that sophomore running back Tre Bryant was back on the practice field Saturday and performed well. The Huskers take tomorrow off, but will be back on the practice field on Monday morning as they start their third week of training camp.
House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-SC) on Friday said that the public deserves to know how the so-called Trump dossier influenced the FBI's decision to surveil a Trump campaign associate, but reiterated their support for special counsel Robert Mueller's probe.
Gowdy tweeted that a Republican-authored memo, written by House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunes' (R-CA) staff and released Friday, “raises serious concerns” about the FISA process.
The memo purports to show that FBI officials abused the FISA process to secure a warrant to surveil the Trump campaign's former foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Gowdy nevertheless said those concerns do not undermine Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and whether the Trump campaign colluded with the foreign power for an advantage.
“As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in special counsel Robert Mueller,” they tweeted. “The contents of this memo do not — in any way — discredit their investigation.”
It is important for the American public to know if the dossier was paid for by another candidate, used in court pleadings, vetted before it was used, vetted after it was used, and whether all relevant facts were shared with the tribunal approving of the FISA application. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not – in any way – discredit their investigation. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
The Washington Post reported on Friday that Gowdy was unintentionally influential in President Donald Trump's decision to declassify the document.
Before they decided to release the document publicly, according to the Washington Post, Trump “became particularly excited” about the memo after they watched an interview Gowdy gave on CNN where they advocated for the memo's release.
The House Intelligence Committee voted along party lines Monday evening to release the document and passed the buck to Trump to determine whether to declassify it. Trump, who called the contents of the memo “terrible,” declassified the document Friday afternoon, and it was released shortly afterward.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A state trooper killed in the line of duty will be laid to rest later this week.
Governor Wolf is scheduled to visit the state police barracks at Huntingdon on Monday to talk with those who served alongside Trooper Landon Weaver as state police still look into what led to the trooper's death.
There was a processional for Trooper Weaver through central Pennsylvania on Saturday.
The 23-year-old was shot to death Friday night, south of State College.
According to state police, Trooper Weaver was sent to a home in rural Juniata Township to check into a protection from abuse order violation.
The home belonged to Jason Robison's mother and stepfather. Weaver was sent there alone.
Somehow, Robison pulled out a gun and shot weaver.
Robison took off and was found in an empty mobile home Saturday morning.
State police say Robison refused orders and made threats. That's when they shot and killed their suspect.
Police add Robison had a long criminal record, including assault, drunk driving, and theft. They still haven't said how and why Robison had access to a gun.
Trooper Weaver's viewing is set for Wednesday afternoon at the Jaffa Shrine Center in Altoona.
They will be laid to rest at a cemetery in Martinsburg, Blair County on Thursday.
Weaver leaves behind their parents, wife, and brother.
Governor Wolf has ordered flags fly at half staff.
40.415527 -78.019539
TURIN, Italy — Italy all but secured a qualifying playoff spot for next year's World Cup but it was booed off the pitch after drawing with Macedonia 1-1 on Friday.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but Macedonia levelled through substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy, which was without Claudio Marchisio, Daniele De Rossi, Marco Verratti and Andrea Belotti, didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal, against a side ranked outside the top 100.
"The second half was disappointing," Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said. "But we were missing some players and we were tired.
"The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break, even if the national team should never be jeered ... we have to help the fans to applaud us, but also the fans have to help us."
Italy remained second in Group G, five points behind Spain, and can't be caught heading into the last round of European qualifiers. However, it needs a point against Albania on Monday to ensure it finishes as one of the best eight runners-up from the nine groups.
It could be assured of a playoff berth on Saturday if Bosnia doesn't beat Belgium.
"Will we go to the World Cup? We're Italy and we have to be there," defender Andrea Barzagli said.
"We lacked that conviction and confidence that you always need on the pitch, because that gives you the certainty in your movements."
Confidence was low after last month's 3-0 loss in Spain but, despite winning only 3-2 in Skopje last year thanks to a stoppage-time goal, Italy was expected to easily sweep away Macedonia in Turin.
KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) - Ugandan authorities say they have found fake Hepatitis B vaccines at some health facilities, including in the capital, Kampala.
A statement from the Ministry of Health says the fake vaccines were discovered during routine checks at facilities in four districts.
It says some suspects have been arrested in the scam involving doses allegedly originating from India.
The scandal has fueled concerns about corruption in a health sector long plagued by malfeasance. Fake drugs are a common problem across Africa.
A Ugandan lawmaker died of complications related to Hepatitis B last year, bringing more attention to the virus that attacks the liver and can cause chronic illness.
The Hepatitis B prevalence rate in Uganda stands at 10 percent, higher than the HIV rate, according to the most recent government figures.
The Food and Drug Administration advised consumers and healthcare providers Friday to avoid all liquid products made by PharmaTech LLC of Davie, Florida after finding dangerous Burkholderia cepacia bacteria in the water system used to manufacture its products. Those products include liquid drugs and dietary supplements labeled under Rugby Laboratories, Major Pharmaceuticals, and Leader Brands.
An outbreak of B. cepacia infections affecting at least 60 people in eight states led the FDA and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to PharmaTech. Late last year, the agencies tracked the source to more than 10 lots of PharmaTech's oral liquid docusate sodium, a stool softener. But suspicion of contamination crept to the company's other products, and this month PharmaTech issued a voluntary nationwide recall of its other liquid products, such as its liquid vitamin D drops and liquid multivitamins that are marketed for infants and children.
Further Reading Tragic FDA reports of sick babies reveal toll of homeopathic products PharmaTech described the recall as a “precautionary measure,” but the FDA seemed to suggest that the problem required more urgency and issued an additional advisory.
“B. cepacia poses a serious threat to vulnerable patients, including infants and young children who still have developing immune systems,” FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said in a statement. “These products were distributed nationwide to retailers, health care facilities, pharmacies and sold online—making it important that parents, patients and health care providers be made aware of the potential risk and immediately stop using these products.”
A representative for PharmaTech reached by Ars declined to comment beyond the recall announcement. The announcement includes a full list of products affected with images.
Burkholderia cepacia poses little risk to healthy people, the CDC notes. But it can be deadly in people with weakened immune systems or other conditions, such as cystic fibrosis. Infections can cause a range of symptoms—from little to none or to severe respiratory distress—and spread from person-to-person or through the environment. The bacteria are known to lurk in health care settings and is often found to be resistant to many common antibiotics.
