A mockumentary follows the star's journey as they try to land their dream job in Hollywood.
Keith Lemon has denied they have tried to crack the US.
A mockumentary follows the star's journey as they try to land their dream job hosting a chat show in Los Angeles.
But the comedian, after surprising Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan by crashing into the Good Morning Britain studio, told the ITV show: “I'm not really trying to break America…
“I mentioned James Corden as a joke,” they said of the British star who has cracked the US with their talk show. “‘He did it so I can do it!'…
“It's not real, it's a comedy programme, I'm not real.”
The Celebrity Juice star, real name Leigh Francis, also added: “In real life I'm highly intelligent, not a dingbat!”
Coming In America, launching on ITV2 on Thursday, features Sharon and Jack Osbourne and Emma Bunton among its guest stars.
© Press Association 2018
The Vikings are hoping quarterback Sam Bradford will be able to play on Monday night against the Bears.
There's some optimism as Bradford (knee) was limited in practice. They didn't practice at all last week. If Bradford isn't able to play, Case Keenum will start.
Others on Minnesota's injury report include:
Defensive tackle, Shamar Stephen (back) – limited
Safety, Andrew Sendejo (sholder/illness) – limited
Safety, Jayron Kearse (groin) – limited
Tackle, Rashod Hill (knee) – did not participate
Running back, Jerick McKinnon (ankle) – full
Linebacker, Eric Kendricks (illness) – full
Defensive tackle Tom Johnson (knee) – full
Kearse wasn't on Thursday's injury report, and that's a bit problematic considering he'd probably be Sendejo's replacement if Sendejo can't play.
Here is a look at Chicago's injury report:
Linebacker, Nick Kwiatkosi (chest) – did not participate
Linebacker, Willie Young (elbow) – did not participate
Center, Hronis Grasu (hand) – limited
Defensive end, Akiem Hicks (foot) – limited
We'll continue to update you as the team's official injury report becomes available.
Officers are trying to trace a former fairground worker in West Yorkshire.
Police want to speak to Michael Clark in connection with an ongoing enquiry.
 They are believed to be from the Castleford or Airedale areas, and aged in their late 60s to early 70s, a spokesperson for West Yorkshire Police said.
The spokesperson said they also worked on fairgrounds in the 1960s.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting crime reference number 13170260407
NAIROBI, March 31 Kenya aims to issue its first 'green' bond this year, the initiative's backers said on Friday, bolstering the nation's reputation for financial innovation after the government launched the world's first mobile phone bond earlier this month.
The proceeds from so-called green bonds help finance projects in the renewable energy, energy-efficiency, green transport and wastewater treatment sectors.
France and Poland both issued green bonds in the last four months, becoming the first nations to venture into territory previously dominated by development banks and companies.
"I believe we will have the first green bond issued this year," said Lamin Manjang, chairperson of the Kenya Bankers Association (KBA), which is spearheading the green finance initiative.
They did not say who would issue the bond or its potential size. Kenya's first green bond is likely to be issued privately.
Plans for a green sovereign issue by Kenya will follow after the first issue under the KBA initiative, Central Bank Governor Patrick Njoroge told Reuters earlier this month.
On Friday during the launch of the green bond programme, they repeated their support.
"This definitely has legs. This will see the light of day," they said.
Nigeria has unveiled plans to launch a local currency green bond in April.
The green bond issue will bolster Kenya's reputation as a financial innovator after the government launched M-Akiba, the world's first bond sold exclusively over mobile phones, last week.
The mobile phone bond aims to tap a pool of small investors, offering them a bond for as little as 3,000 shillings. The initial offering is 150 million shillings ($1.46 million).
Finance Minister Henry Rotich said the offer had already hit more than half of its target within a week. Nearly 68,400 mobile phone users have invested 79 million shillings.
Habil Olaka, chief executive officer of Kenya Bankers Association, said the green bond would build on M-Akiba's success.
"We are seeing the success of M-Akiba, (and) us leveraging on it," they said.
($1 = 102.7300 Kenyan shillings) (Editing by Katharine Houreld and Toby Davis)
A specialist trader works at their post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid -
Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations.
Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that they would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth.
For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015.
Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15.
"Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow."
Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 .SPX lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72.
The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74.
So far in 2017, technology .SPLRCT has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy .SPNY, down 7.3 percent.
Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index .SPSY down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) lost 1.03 percent.
Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) fell 2.02 percent.
FMC Corp (FMC.N) rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's (DD.N) crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent
Amazon.com (AMZN.O) rose 1.16 percent to a record high.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows.
About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
TOKYO, April 3 Japanese stocks edged up on Monday though were some distance from recouping sharp losses suffered last week, with an upbeat Bank Of Japan survey failing to overcome lingering worries about the outlook for exporters.
The Nikkei's gained 0.4 percent to 18,983.23, not so far from a seven-week closing low of 18,909.26 hit last Friday.
A closely watched central bank survey showed that Japanese big manufacturers' business sentiment improved for a second straight quarter to a 1-1/2-year high in March, and was slightly lower than market expectations.
Market participants say that although the overall result was positive, worries about the outlook for sectors such as automakers tempered the enthusiasm.
Indeed, U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist stance appeared to weigh on big automakers' outlook, the BOJ survey showed, with the sub-index at plus 9, down 9 points from three months ago.
Trading in Toshiba Corp also tempered the mood. The stock stumbled 5.5 percent and was the most traded by turnover after sources told Reuters that the troubled Japanese conglomerate would likely miss a third deadline to report its quarterly business result.
The broader Topix added 0.3 percent to 1,517.03 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 rose 0.3 percent to 13,564.68.
(Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
LONDON — Three more England cricketers were punished Friday for off-field misbehaviour, a week after Ben Stokes and Alex Hales were suspended from national-team duty following an incident on a night out.
Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett each accepted a written warning and were handed an undisclosed fine, the England and Wales Cricket Board said, following an investigation into their "unprofessional conduct" during the recent ODI series against the West Indies.
The investigation was unrelated to that involving Stokes and Hales, who have been suspended on full pay and are the subject of a separate disciplinary hearing.
Stokes was arrested after video footage purportedly showed England's test vice-captain throwing punches in a street fight. Hales was out with Stokes that night and both are under investigation.
Two sisters believed to be missing with their father are thought to be in Northern Ireland, police believe.
Eight-year-old Grace Elizabeth McKinney and Kara McKinney, five, are understood to be with their father Michael McKinney, their girlfriend Martina and Woody, three.
They are believed to be travelling in a cream Elddis Autoquest motorhome.
Officers are eager to trace the girls, who were last seen in the Alyth area of Perth and Kinross, to confirm their well-being.
They have previously been known to camp with their father in the west coast area, Fort William and Skye.
Grace is described as 4ft 10in, slim with red/auburn hair, and Kara is 4ft with red/auburn hair.
A spokesperson for Police Scotland said: "They are all thought to have travelled to Northern Ireland on August 10, most likely in their campervan.
"We are making relevant inquiries in conjunction with our colleagues at the Police Service of Northern Ireland."
Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Egypt's Mohamed Salah is arguably one of the most beloved players in the world, particularly among Liverpool FC fans after the humble, shaggy-haired philanthropist and breaker of religious barriers set the Premier League on fire and brought the team to the final of the UEFA Champions League.
But that final ended in heartbreak for Liverpool, who lost 3-1 to Real Madrid, and especially for Salah, who was taken off injured in the early stages of the game after Madrid's Sergio Ramos wrestled them to the ground in a tussle for the ball, causing the Egyptian talisman to dislocate their shoulder. To compound the misery, Salah is now also at risk of missing out on the World Cup — Egypt's first since 1990 — which starts in a couple of weeks.
To say that there has been an overreaction against Ramos on the part of Salah fans and Liverpool supporters around the world would probably invite scorn our way, but clearly it's quite unprecedented for an incident like this to cause such massive outcry, ranging from the half-a-million people that have signed a Change.org petition to have Ramos retroactively sanctioned to the lawyer in Egypt filing a one billion euro lawsuit against the Spanish defender.
Indonesian Liverpool fans are pretty upset at Ramos, too. CNN Indonesia reported that around 500 people are expected to hold a protest at the Spanish Embassy in Jakarta over Ramos' judo-esque tackle on Thursday afternoon. Taking a cue from recent protests by Islamic groups such as the “Aksi Bela Islam” (Defend Islam Action) protest against former Jakarta Governor Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja's supposed blasphemy, Thursday's protest will be named “Aksi Bela Salah” (Defend Salah Action).
“Because we are talking about soccer and one of our Muslim brothers (Salah) is hurting. We are actually going to hold a peaceful rally,” said protest coordinator Mohammed Dendi Budiman, as quoted by CNN Indonesia yesterday. “So there will be a group prayer. God willing we will end it with having iftar (breaking of the fast) together.” Budiman assued the media that the protest would be peaceful and free of hooliganism. They said they are even collecting food donations to be given to a religious school for orphans, possibly echoing Salah's own philanthropic habits.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the American company Westinghouse is pictured at the World Nuclear Exhibition 2014, the trade fair event for the global nuclear energy sector, in Le Bourget, near Paris October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
LONDON Toshiba's (6502.T) Westinghouse, which filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday, has won approval for its AP1000 reactor design, Britain's nuclear regulator said on Thursday.
The Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) approval is needed before the design can be used at NuGeneration Ltd's (NuGen) Moorside new nuclear project in north west England, which consists of three AP1000 units.
"The closure of our assessment of the generic design of the AP1000 reactor is a significant step in the process, ensuring the design meets the very high standards of safety we expect," Richard Savage, ONR's chief nuclear inspector, said.
"We will now focus our regulatory attention on site specific assessments, and NuGen's application for a nuclear site licence," they added in a statement.
Westinghouse's bankruptcy filing has raised questions over whether it will be able to complete capital intensive projects, although the move does not affect Westinghouse's operations in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, according to a company statement.
All new nuclear plants in Britain need ONR approval through its GDA process, which typically takes around four years and the Westinghouse reactor was expected to be approved by the end of this month.
The approval has taken much longer since assessment first began in 2007. It was paused by the ONR at the end of December 2011 while it asked for design modifications, but was resumed in 2014.
"(The regulator review) represents a major milestone towards bringing a new generation of safe, clean energy to the United Kingdom through the Moorside Project,” José Emeterio Gutiérrez, Westinghouse interim president and chief executive, said in a statement.
"In addition, it expands the global regulatory pedigree of the AP1000 plant design and further confirms Westinghouse's innovative safety technology," they added.
Britain needs to invest in new infrastructure to replace ageing coal and nuclear plants set to close in the next decade, but has struggled to get large projects built, especially nuclear, due to the costs involved.
EDF's (EDF.PA) 18 billion pounds ($22.5 billion) Hinkley Point C nuclear project in southwest England got the final go-ahead in 2016 after several years of delay, but only after securing backing from the French government.
NuGen, a joint venture between Toshiba and French utility Engie (ENGIE.PA) has also come under doubt since Japan's Toshiba said last month it planned to pull out of the construction work at the British plant after posting a $6.3 billion writedown on Westinghouse, which has been hit by billions of dollars in cost overruns at new nuclear plants.
A spokesperson for NuGen said it could not comment on specific financial issues relating directly to Toshiba or Westinghouse and that it will continue "business as usual" to gain the necessary permits and licenses to build the project.
(additional reporting by Karolin Schaps; editing by Alexander Smith)
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says they are withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for their sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a first-year student, announced their plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a first-year student, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, they aren't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
Dear Ithacans,
I was very involved in the protestant community while I was at IC (2009-2013). Reading this article made me very upset. I am a very liberal individual. I was on the PC Counsel, the PC Board, and was one of the PC representatives for the Interfaith Counsel. I have often prided myself for being an ally to the LGBTQ community and expressed these views in college as well. But what upsets me most about this article is how Rev. James Touchton is the focus for this blame.
Before Rev. Touchton was the chaplain the situation was much more dire. When I was a first-year student I heard “horror” stories of the last chaplain from students who were in leadership in the community. They pushed out this last chaplain for many reasons but the ones I heard most were because they were very liberal and had ideals that didn't fit with how the students wanted to see the world. Also I recall one student telling me that they were really upset because how could the previous chaplain be a good Christian when they were married to a Jewish man. This was horribly disturbing to me, but again all of this happened before Rev. Touchton arrived. I recall the night Touchton came for an interview with the PC because the student who spoke discussed how they believed Ghandi would go to hell because they were not a Christian. Talking to Touchton at a later date we discussed this speech and how for both of us it was the moment that we realized that this community needed help.
Throughout the first few years of Touchton's ministry at IC things did get better when in came to more inclusion. They helped use the “Chocolate in the chapel” tradition to welcome LGBTQ and international students into the chapel and to have safe conversations for both communities. I went to every chocolate in the chapel while I was on campus and I recall having great conversations with LGBTQ students about God and how I personally think that being LGBTQ is not a sin or a hindrance when being religious. Touchton helped establish the Interfaith counsel in their first year at IC to help bring the communities together. But in both of these cases the issues were many of the established students. When an interfaith event came up it was like pulling teeth trying to get PC students to participate. Touchton tried again and again to encourage the PC students to leave their comfort zone and have good experiences with these other communities, but it is impossible to force people to commune. I know we also invited the LGBTQ members and the chocolate event to come to services, an offer which was very rarely taken up on. But I know we had liberal and LGBTQ members in the PC and on the counsel and board. One student, my sophomore year, came out to the entire community during a service. This student was on the board of the PC and was very active in the community. They were met with nothing but loving responses. After coming out during their speech I recall people around me talking about how brave and strong they are. They were a light in the community and was now openly gay.
I know that there are a lot of right wing views in the PC community, but that is not the fault of Rev. Touchton. Rev. Touchton has done nothing to enforce these ideals. The entire time they were the chaplain during my years at IC they strove for inclusion, deep faith discussions, and preached often on loving one another (Not just loving your white straight neighbor, loving all your neighbors). James Touchton is one of the most loving people I have ever met and they are an amazing chaplain. Though the right wing students may not be inclusive, James themselves is and should not be blamed. They led the horse to water, but they cannot force it to drink.
Kelsey MacKellar
City council is looking at an amendment to the election bylaw. (File photo)
The upcoming municipal election will be different than the last one if a proposed bylaw is passed by Revelstoke City Council.
The most significant proposed changes include regulating the size and amount of campaign signs, utilizing an electronic voting system and changing to day-of voter registration.
“This is just bringing up modern day techniques for elections,” said Councillor Gary Sulz.
The bylaw was brought forward for first, second and third reading at the May 22 council meeting, however councillors Aaron Orlando, Linda Nixon as well as Mayor Mark McKee voiced opposition to adopting the bylaw at that time.
“I think when you get down to–especially details like telling people they are not allowed to,on private property, support their candidate in a certain way–that the people are going to have an issue with that,” Orlando said.
The proposed bylaw requires that signs be no bigger than 61 cm by 61 cm (2 ft by 2 ft) at a height of no more than 1.8 metres.
They cannot be electric, illuminated, moving or flashing.
They are not to have attachments such as balloons, kites or inflatable devices.
Though signs will continue to be allowed on private property with the property owners permission, no more than six election signs per candidate can be posted on public property.
“Mostly the signage [regulations] came forward because of complaints from the scene of the last local election,” said Dawn Low, Revelstoke's director of corporate administration. “There were citizens complaining about the clutter and how long the signs stayed up which is what made us look at regulation.”
Orlando was also concerned that upcoming candidates would perceive this decision as giving those councillors who choose to run for office again an unfair advantage.
The mayor was concerned about freedom of speech and individualism, reminding everyone that the signs are not up for very long.
“I think we are being too officious and restrictive,” McKee said.
The councillors also expressed concern with the day-of voter registration and the requirement of one photo ID as well as a second piece of ID.
Councillor Connie Brothers questioned whether there could be issues with seniors not having a piece of photo ID, but Low said there are options for those without government issued photo ID.
There was also discussion about the electronic voting system.
Low assured the councillors that the system is simple. Voters still get their slip of paper and fill in the ovals in the privacy area but instead of putting them in a ballot box they insert them into a machine where there will be a staff person to assist them.
“I will have election results within the hour instead of seven or eight hours later, and that's being conservative I could have them within 20 minutes,” Low said.
Council voted to postpone the third reading of the bylaw to their next meeting in order to engage with the public on the proposed changes.
Those who wish to provide input on the bylaw should email comments to admin@revelstoke.ca by noon on June 6.
Mississippi woman sentenced in embezzlement from charity
GULFPORT, Miss. (AP) — A Mississippi woman has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for embezzling about $266,600 from a cancer charity.
Melinda Rosetti-Spence was sentenced Monday, the Sun Herald reported.
Harrison County Circuit Judge Lisa Dodson also ordered them to repay about $181,000 to Pink Hearts Fund, which is based in Long Beach. Rosetti-Spence's family is paying the balance.
Rosetti-Spence volunteered as treasurer of the charity. Prosecutors said they wrote 132 checks to herself, from the charity, from March 2016 to July 2016. They pleaded guilty this April.
"And while you were stealing money from cancer patients who need help, your own family benefited," Dodson said.
Rosetti agreed. Them mother, a cancer patient, received a free wig from the organization, which also gives prostheses to people with breast cancer and wigs to others with hair loss.
Rosetti-Spence said in court that they "had a gambling problem" and spent the stolen money on bills.
JoAn Niceley, who founded Pink Hearts Fund, says Rosetti-Spence betrayed her, stalked them and tried to discredit them with a board member.
Since getting out of jail on bond, Rosetti-Spence has worked in Florida and has done housekeeping, yard work, detailing and other jobs, they told the judge.
"I'm ashamed to be seen in public," Rosetti-Spence said.
Rosetti-Spence said they have not made re-payments to Pink Heart during the two years since their arrest, and though they went into a rehab center, they have not attended a program for gambling addicts.
The embezzling occurred "in the cool, calm of the day" in an office, with time to think about what they were doing before they drove to the bank, Dodson said.
"You continued the deception when you could have turned this around," Dodson said. "Now, suddenly, you want me to put you on a repayment schedule."
___
Information from: The Sun Herald, http://www.sunherald.com
DETROIT — Ten years after leaving Michigan, the PGA Tour is bringing a new tournament to Detroit.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next summer. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
It is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a century-old course designed by Donald Ross.
As part of the agreement, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this year, which is held at the TPC Potomac and run by the Tiger Woods Foundation. The foundation will not be involved in the Detroit tournament.
Intersport will operate the tournament, along with other attractions that will take place in Detroit during the event.
One of the selling points for bringing the PGA Tour to Detroit was taking part in revitalizing the city.
"Professional golf belongs in Detroit," Quicken Loans chief executive Jay Farner said. "The Motor City — and the entire state of Michigan — have long served as a premier golf destination with some of the best courses in the country. We will be working with the PGA Tour to make the Detroit stop one of the most exciting and engaging events on the professional golf calendar."
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, with a brief hiatus in the early 1970s. Woods won the tournament three times, including the final edition.
Quicken Loans stepped in as the title sponsor of Woods' tournament in Washington in 2014 after AT&T did not renew the contract. It moved to different courses and struggled to get a strong field, not helped by injuries to Woods that kept them from playing the last two years.
Quicken Loans also has a personal endorsement contract with Rickie Fowler.
UNITED STATES Ambassador to the Philippine Sung Y. Kim said the visit of three US ships to the Philippines are “an important signal” of the US following developments concerning the disputed South China Sea.
Mr. Kim was responding to recent statements by President Rodrigo R. Duterte that the US has not helped the Philippines enough in dealing with the South China Sea issue.
“I would note that just this year we've had three visits by US carriers. I think that sends an important signal that we care about developments in this region. We care about the developments in South China Sea,” they told reporters on Tuesday evening during the US Embassy's celebration of US Independence Day at the Makati Shangri-la Hotel.
The three US Navy ships Mr. Kim was referring were the USS Carl Vinson which visited the Philippines in February this year, USS Theodore Roosevelt in April, and USS Ronald Reagan last month.
In their speech on May 4, Mr. Duterte said the US could have prevented the reclamation activities of China in the disputed waters because it was more capable than the Philippines. They also gave no assurance the US would protect the country in connection with the dispute.
“At that time, because it's a violation of the International Law of the Seas, UNCLOS, the only country who could have stopped the Chinese… was America…. They didn't do anything and they allowed it to happen,” Mr. Duterte said.
“China said, ‘We will protect you. We will not allow the Philippines to be destroyed. We're just here and if you want, anytime, you can call us.' There is America, she's not going to protect us,” they added.
Mr. Kim said the US remained firm in its position to uphold freedom of navigation and international law principles with regards to the South China Sea issue.
“The South China Sea situation is obviously complicated. And our position, I think, has been very clear. We believe all countries should act according to international law and principles. We believe that freedom of navigation is an important way to protect our international rights and principles. So our position has not changed. And I don't expect it to change,” they said.
The US has maintained that territorial disputes between countries should be resolved peacefully through means consistent with international law. But it has opposed reclamation activities in order to militarize outposts in disputed areas. The US has also repeatedly called out China over its militarization activities in the South China Sea. — Camille A. Aguinaldo
Syrian refugee children play near a garbage-filled cesspit at a makeshift settlement in Bar Elias town, in the Bekaa valley, Lebanon March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz Taher
Syrian refugees fill containers and bottles with water at a makeshift settlement in Bar Elias town, in the Bekaa valley, Lebanon March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz Taher
A general view shows a newly built waste management facility funded by the EU in Bar Elias town, in the Bekaa valley, Lebanon March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz Taher
Boys sift through garbage at a dump near a makeshift settlement for Syrian refugees in Bar Elias town, in the Bekaa valley, Lebanon March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz Taher TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
BAR ELIAS, LEBANON At the entrance of a rural town in Lebanon's Bekaa valley, a blue sign says "Welcome to Bar Elias, population 50,000" but in the past six years, that number has more than doubled with Syrians seeking shelter from the war across the border.
"They are our guests," said Mayor Mawas Araji. "But we don't have the capacity to serve them as we should."
The refugee crisis has drained public services in the historically poor area in Lebanon's farming heartland, Araji said. Yet perhaps the most glaring strain has been the garbage mountain rising among the hills, or the open water canals overwflowing with trash in the winter.
With the influx of people, Bar Elias now handles 40 extra tonnes of refuse every day, in a country that already had no national waste disposal plan.
Since the Syrian conflict began in 2011, at least 1.5 million people have poured into Lebanon - around a quarter of the country's population - where most languish in severe poverty.
Makeshift settlements have popped up all around the country as the Lebanese government has long rejected setting up refugee camps.
To stem the flow of Syrians making the perilous journey to Europe by boat, the European Union has funneled billions into Syria's neighbouring countries, giving Lebanon 147 million euros between 2014 and 2016.
For government officials, the need for foreign funding is clear in cases like Bar Elias, where aid groups have warned of dire environmental hazards. The EU funded a 4.5-million euro waste management facility set to open next month in the town, around 12 km from the Syrian border.
The massive hangar will process 150 tonnes of waste daily from Bar Elias and two nearby towns, creating several jobs, Araji said. "For us, this was a dream."
GARBAGE ON TOP OF GARBAGE
Nestled between the fields of Bar Elias, Hassan Ibrahim, 62, lives amid hundreds of cramped tents pitched haphazardly in the mud.
"We've appointed someone here to collect the garbage...so when the municipality comes, everything is ready," said Ibrahim, who escaped shelling in Aleppo five years ago.
But in another makeshift camp a few streets away, Maamar al-Alawi seems less cheerful. Across from their tent, a large cesspit is brimming with sewage water and rubbish.
During heavy rainfall, the gutters also spill over with floating plastic bags.
"It's all garbage on top of garbage," said al-Alawi, who cleans around their family's spot every day in vain. "You go into the tent, and it stinks."
As well as the dangers of open dumpsites and burning waste, trash also often fills irrigation canals that feed nearby vegetable fields, according to the EU-funded agency that designed the Bar Elias facility.
Unrelated to the refugee influx, a waste disposal crisis has plagued all of Lebanon in recent years, with politicians repeatedly failing to agree a solution, sparking several mass protests.
The government has neither adopted a national policy for managing the influx of refugees, nor helped municipal councils deal with it properly, according to Human Rights Watch.
MASTER PLAN
On a recent visit to the Bekaa, European Commissioner Johannes Hahn said the EU was "trying to do our best to resolve the Syrian crisis".
"But I'm a realistic man," they added. "And I have to do first things first" by helping fill Lebanon's shortages.
The new Bar Elias facility represents a prototype that should become part of broader national plans for development, said Ziad el-Sayegh, senior national policy advisor for Lebanon's ministry of the displaced.
Ministries had been putting together a "master plan for all the infrastructure" but could not undertake it without outside support, they said.
"The government has an enormous deficit, and then on top of that, add the weight of the displacement crisis," Sayegh said.
Lebanese officials will take their vision for such a plan to Brussels next week, highlighting how the refugee crisis has strained Lebanon's already crumbling infrastructure.
Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who has been trying to drag Lebanon out of insitutional paralysis since they were appointed in November, said the plan would "equally benefit Lebanese citizens and displaced Syrians".
Hariri said on Friday they would call for international aid in Brussels in order to ensure "that Lebanon does not fall apart".
(Reporting by Ellen Francis; Editing by Julia Glover)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
* Fed balance sheet comments, tax reform worries trigger selloff
* Investors worry tax cuts further out after Ryan comments
* March U.S. private sector jobs beat estimates
* Indexes fall: Dow 0.2 pct, S&P 0.3 pct, Nasdaq 0.6 pct (Updates to close, adds commentary)
By Sinead Carew
April 5 Wall Street ended lower on Wednesday after a late-afternoon reversal following signals from the Federal Reserve that it could change its bond investment policy this year, quenching a rally sparked by a strong private-sector jobs report.
Also investor concerns about the Trump administration's ability to deliver promised tax cuts were intensified by comments from lawmakers on deep divisions in Washington.
Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year as long as the economic data holds up, Fed meeting minutes showed.
The minutes also showed "some participants viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures."
“Either it scared participants because of talk that sounds like maybe (the stock market) is bubbling, or there is some thought that the normalization of the balance sheet is going to harm growth ... or we are going to get more (rate) hikes” than already expected, said Janna Sampson, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, at 20,648.15, the S&P 500 lost 7.21 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,352.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 34.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 5,864.48.
After the recent failure of the Republicans' healthcare legislation reform bill some investors had hoped this would bring President Donald Trump's tax-cutting promise closer to reality.
But U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than healthcare.
"It seems like it was a combination of hawkish Fed minutes, disappointment about the pace of tax reform and a pullback in crude prices" that reversed the rally, according to Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
"From my perspective, this is probably an unjustified emotional dip driven by several mixed signals."
Nine of the S&P's 11 major sectors finished lower, with financials leading the sell-off. Utilities and Real Estate, the so-called defensive sectors, were the only two that ended higher.
Earlier in the day the S&P had risen as much as 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq hit a record high after private-sector jobs data blew past expectations.
Data showed that U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014 and well above economists' expectations of 187,000.
The Nasdaq biotechnology index turned negative in the late afternoon to end down 1.4 percent.
This was likely because investors turned away from riskier investments this afternoon, said Chris Zaccarelli, Chief Investment Officer at Cornerstone Financial Partners in Huntersville, North Carolina.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.61-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 38 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 71 new highs and 69 new lows.
More than 7.58 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.8 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Saqib Iqbal Ahmed in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish)
The German government has taken a hard line against internet providers and what they can disseminate through a network enforcement law that is not popular in some quarters, said Gunter Krings, the parliamentary state secretary for Germany's interior ministry.
"Certainly, the companies didn't like it so much. But it's also clear that the standards of what can be communicated on the internet can't be set by the terms and conditions of private contracts," Krings said in an interview.
"These standards have to be set by democratically elected lawmakers, who decide on what is libel, what is defamation and how far can you go in even an open society."
Goodale said cybertechnology has become "a disruptive force" with the potential to harm critical infrastructure "and the power to more easily conceal identities."
Internet companies not only need to work faster to remove offensive material, they need to play a broader role in disseminating "counter-narratives" including to those searching terrorist-related material, they said.
Companies and governments also need to do more to improve the level of digital literacy among citizens "so that people can be more proactive themselves in identifying fake news, for example, and dubious sources of information."
The ministers also discussed how to guard against ongoing domestic threats, as the Toronto attack gave new urgency to a discussion of fortifying so-called soft targets.
Goodale pointed to the dump trucks and cement barricades that were erected near Toronto's Union Station and Air Canada Centre following Monday's attack.
Though nothing has emerged so far to link Monday's events in Toronto to extremism, the use of a vehicle as a weapon against pedestrians is something that Goodale's British, French, American and German counterparts are all too familiar with.
"The discussions yesterday afternoon and this morning were overshadowed, of course by the terrible tragic incident here in Toronto," said Krings.
Krings said the Toronto attack was similar to one in the German city of Munster three weeks ago that killed two people and wounded dozens more.
"The fear was that it's a terror attack, but it also turned out to be a mentally ill person," Krings said, stressing that they didn't want to leap to any conclusions about the Toronto attack.
Krings said the incidents show that countries face serious security threats and not just from terrorism. They and several other ministers around the table never lost sight of a key point: "We might be, on a professional level, relieved that there's no nexus, connection to (a) national security terrorist question. For the people that die, for their family, for the injured people, it really doesn't matter."
By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
* Hopes for rising profits from Japan Inc this FY recede - analyst
* Toshiba falls after filing results unapproved by auditor
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 12 Japanese stocks fell to their lowest in more than four months on Wednesday as rising geopolitical tensions dragged all sectors into negative territory, with exporters hit especially hard as the safe haven yen spiked to a five-month high.
The Nikkei 225 share average dropped 1.3 percent to 18,506.17 in midmorning trade after falling to as low as 18,460.59 earlier, the lowest level since Dec. 7.
The dollar hit 109.36 yen, its lowest since last November, as geopolitical fears fed a rush to safety.
North Korea warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force President Donald Trump described as an "armada".
Trump said in a Tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
"The Japanese market will likely stall for a while," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyo Research Centre.
Nakai said hopes that Japanese companies could post double-digit profit gains this fiscal year helped by November's dollar-yen rally when Trump was elected have faded.
"Such expectations have receded, so it has become difficult to see the Nikkei's price to earnings ratio rise," Nakai said.
Japanese companies are scheduled to release later this month their earnings for the full year ended March 2017 and forecasts for the current fiscal year.
Exporters, whose overseas profits shrink when the yen strengthens, lost ground.
Automakers dropped 2.0 percent, with Toyota Motor Corp, Honda Motor Co and Nissan Motor Co all falling between 1.4-2.0 percent.
Financial shares were also hit. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group dropped 2.0 percent, Mizuho Financial Group shed 1.3 percent and Nomura Securities declined 1.9 percent.
Elsewhere, Toshiba Corp fell as much as 3.6 percent after it filed twice-delayed business results on Tuesday without an endorsement from its auditor and warned its very survival was in doubt.
The broader Topix dropped 1.2 percent to 1,477.79, with all of its 33 subsectors falling.
The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 shed 1.1 percent to 13,225.17.
(Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Eric Meijer)
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
Barangay Ginebra displayed tremendous resolve in crunch time pulling away with a 93-86 win against the Star Hotshots in Game 4 of the best-of-seven semifinals of the Philippine Basketball Association Season 42 Philippine Cup at the Araneta Coliseum on Wednesday. The Gin Kings' victory equalized the series at 2-2
Power forward Jervy Cruz stepped up to lead the Gin Kings with 21 points and six rebounds while the 6'8 Japeth Aguilar scored 18 points including three crucial baskets in the pivotal minutes on top of 10 rebounds.
Ginebra Coach Tim Cone commended their wards for overcoming a 0-2 deficit.
“It wasn't about LA (Tenorio) and Japeth (Aguilar), it's all about the other guys tonight,” said Cone during the postgame interview. “The void is being filled by other guys, that's huge for us. Sol (Mercado) did a good job on Paul (Lee).”
Chris Ellis finished with 10 points, while Kevin Ferrer and Solomon Mercado had nine points each also for the Gin Kings.
“Paul is a dynamic scorer but Sol is a dynamic defender too. I don't know how we quite did it but it seems like we're in control most of the way. Joe (Devance) only had a half in them today. I think I overplayed them a bit in the first half that kind of blew it. He's kinda giving us an emotional lift.”
After trailing by two points, 21-23, at the end of the opening period, the Gin Kings outscored the Hotshots, 27-18, behind the impressive performance of Cruz resulting in a 48-41 lead at halftime. Ginebra kept the lead until the end of third frame, 65-62, behind Cruz's seven points.
Aguilar, then, took charge in the last canto by posting 12 points to ward off the Star Hotshots' comeback attempt. Aguilar's back-to-back jumpers handed the Gin Kings an 89-81 cushion entering the final 1:19 of the game and they were never threatened from thereon.
Allein Maliksi finished with 18 points to lead the Star Hotshots.
Scores
GINEBRA: 93 – Cruz 21, Aguilar 18, Ellis 10, Ferrer 9, Mercado 9, Tenorio 8, Marcelo 5, Caguioa 5, Thompson 4, Devance 4.
STAR: 86 – Maliksi 18, Jalalon 16, Reavis 13, Lee 9, Pingris 9, Melton 7, Barroca 4, Ramos 4, Sangalang 4, Dela Rosa 2, Simon 0.
Quarter scores: 21-23, 48-41, 65-62, 93-86.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It's time again for “Ask Miss Liberty”! As you know, Miss Liberty helps our readers solve everyday dilemmas using the principles of liberty enshrined in the U.S. Constitution, with a little dose of common sense. Today we're talking about the freedom of religion, which last time we checked is still protected under the First Amendment. Let's see what questions our enlightened and forward-thinking readers have about religious liberty!
(Refiles to add dropped word "charges" in paragraph 11)
* Russia calls U.S. rhetoric primitive and loutish
* Trump says relations 'may be at all-time low'
* Volley of hostile statements timed as Tillerson sits for talks
* Putin doubles down on support for Assad
By Yeganeh Torbati and Denis Dyomkin
MOSCOW, April 12 Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under President Donald Trump as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria.
Any hope in Russia that the Trump administration would herald less confrontational relations has been dashed in the past week after the new U.S. leader fired missiles at Syria to punish Moscow's ally for its suspected use of poison gas.
In Washington, Trump said the United States was not getting along "at all" with Moscow, adding that the relationship "may be at an all-time low."
Trump had frequently called during the 2016 U.S. presidential election campaign for warmer ties with Putin, despite criticism from lawmakers in their own Republican Party.
But the civil war in Syria has driven a wedge between Moscow and Washington, upending what many in Russia hoped would be a transformation in relations, which reached a post-Cold War low under Trump's predecessor Barack Obama.
As Tillerson sat down for talks with their Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday, a senior Russian official assailed the "primitiveness and loutishness" of U.S. rhetoric, part of a volley of statements that appeared timed to maximise the awkwardness during the first visit to Moscow by a member of Trump's cabinet.
"One could say that the level of trust on a working level, especially on the military level, has not improved but has rather deteriorated," Putin said in an interview broadcast on Russian television.
They doubled down on Russia's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, repeating denials that Assad's government was to blame for the gas attack last week and adding a new theory that it may have been faked by Assad's enemies.
Tillerson reiterated the U.S. position that Assad must eventually relinquish power in Syria.
"We discussed our view that Russia as their closest ally in the conflict perhaps has the best means of helping Assad recognise this reality," they said.
Asked whether Assad could be subject to war crimes charges, Tillerson said people were working to make such a case, though they cautioned that would require clearing a high legal hurdle.
AN ICY WELCOME
Lavrov had greeted Tillerson with unusually icy remarks, denouncing the missile strike on Syria as illegal and accusing Washington of behaving unpredictably.
One of Lavrov's deputies was even more undiplomatic.
"In general, primitiveness and loutishness are very characteristic of the current rhetoric coming out of Washington," Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Russia's state-owned RIA news agency.
But Lavrov said some progress had been made on Syria at the meeting and that a working group would be set up to examine the poor state of U.S.-Russia ties. They also said that Putin had agreed to reactivate a U.S.-Russian air safety agreement over Syria which Moscow suspended after the U.S. missile strikes.
Tillerson noted the low level of trust between the two countries. "The world's two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship," they said.
Moscow's hostility to Trump administration figures is a sharp change from last year, when Putin hailed Trump as a strong figure and Russian state television was often full of effusive praise for him.
In another possible setback to a thaw with Moscow, Trump said on Wednesday that NATO is not obsolete, as they had declared during the election campaign last year. But they told a news conference at the White House with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg that alliance members still need to pay their fair share for the European security umbrella.
Trump said U.S. relations with Russia were not going well.
"Right now, we're not getting along with Russia at all. We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia. This has built for a long period of time. But we're going to see what happens," Trump told the news conference.
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Trump said their administration's policy was not to demand Assad step down as part of a "peaceful resolution to the conflict", in some contrast to Tillerson's remarks in Moscow.
"Are we insisting on it? No. But I do think it's going to happen at a certain point," Trump said.
The Wall Street Journal cited Trump as saying that Assad's use of chemical weapons again would elicit another military response but they also said they would not intervene in depth in the conflict.
The White House has accused Moscow of trying to cover up Assad's use of chemical weapons after the attack on a rebel-held Syrian town last week killed 87 people last week.
Trump responded to the gas attack by firing 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base on Friday. Washington warned Moscow, and Russian troops at the base were not hit.
Moscow has stood by Assad, saying the poison gas belonged to rebels, an explanation Washington dismisses as beyond credible.
Russia blocked a Western effort at the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday to condemn the gas attack and push Assad to cooperate with international inquiries into the incident.
Trump came to the presidency promising greater cooperation with Russia in fighting against their common enemy in Syria, Islamic State. Tillerson is a former oil executive who was awarded Russia's Order of Friendship by Putin.
Trump's relations with Russia are also a domestic issue, as U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Moscow of using computer hacking to intervene in the election to help Trump win. The FBI is investigating whether any Trump campaign figures colluded with Moscow, which the White House denies.
(Additional reporting by Polina Devitt, Andrew Osborn and Vladimir Soldatkin and Jeff Mason in Washington; Writing by Peter Graff, Anna Willard and Dustin Volz; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and Alistair Bell)
Family members and young men meet through a fence at a police station after the young men were arrested during protests against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Family members gather outside a police station to inquire about their relatives who were arrested during protests against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes speaks during the opening ceremony at the Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors of the Inter-American Development Bank in Asuncion, Paraguay April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
University students gather at a rally against a proposed amendment that would allow Paraguay's president to stand for re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
ASUNCION Protesters were collecting signatures on Sunday demanding the withdrawal of a proposed amendment that would allow Paraguay's president to stand for re-election while their allies vowed to move forward with the measure despite Friday's violent clashes.
The capital has been relatively calm since rioters stormed and set fire to Congress, though anger simmers over the death of a protester who was killed when police fired shots at the headquarters of the country's second-largest political party.
Paraguay's constitution, introduced in 1992 after 35 years of dictatorship, strictly limits presidents to a single five-year term. Friday's secret vote in the Senate on a constitutional amendment that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election sparked riots.
"The most important thing is to withdraw the amendment ... if this is not done, we are sitting on a time bomb that could blow up at any moment," said Asuncion Mayor Mario Ferreiro, a member of an opposition party.
Violence flared in Asuncion as 2,000 ministers and business people gathered for the Inter-American Development Bank governors' meetings meant to show Paraguay's economic potential to the world after years of political stability under Cartes.
The soy and beef exporting nation has become one of South America's fastest-growing economies in recent years and tax breaks are luring manufacturing investment.
Paraguay's lower house could vote on re-election as soon as Tuesday, when leaders will set the chamber's agenda. However, firefighters have warned the Congress building may be at risk of collapsing, potentially delaying legislative sessions following Friday's fire.
A popular referendum would still be required for the measure to be adopted.
Lawmakers loyal to Cartes want to press on with the amendment, which could also benefit former lefist President Fernando Lugo. Lugo was impeached in 2012 when lawmakers ruled they had failed in their duty to maintain social order following a bloody land eviction in a swift vote that was criticized abroad.
"The amendment project will be debated when the lawmakers consider it pertinent and I am convinced it will be approved," said Senator Lilian Samaniego, a close ally of Cartes.
Cartes, a soft-drink and tobacco mogul elected to a five-year term in 2013 for the conservative Colorado Party, enjoys a majority in the lower house.
Carte has appealed for calm in messages on social media.
Some business groups called on the government to abandon the re-election campaign to guarantee order.
"No one should be above the law nor try to modify it during a period of tension," said an ad from the Federation of Production, Industry and Commerce published in local papers.
A small group of protesters continued to keep guard outside Congress on Sunday.
(Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Tuesday's double header in Hays between the Great Bend Panthers and the Hays High Indians has been postponed.
The two teams will make up the games next Monday April 30th at 4 p.m.
The two games will be broadcast on B-104.3 starting at 3:45 p.m.
Milk snatchers who were stealing cartons from outside a school on a daily basis until it was placed under lock and key have returned.
Police were called in after the thieves climbed the padlocked gates at St Helen's Primary School on Hemsworth's Highfield Road between 3am and 6.30am last Thursday morning.
They then smashed off the lock to a cage where the milk was stored, ready for the children's arrival that day.
The school had bought the cage earlier this year after thieves had entered the premises almost every morning to steal the batch of small cartons which the school provides free of charge to the under fives.
Caretaker Barbara Wain said: “It's the first time it's happened in months but it was happening every day, that's why we got the cage.
“To carry all that milk, they must have brought a vehicle, you couldn't just walk down the street with it. They have also brought something with them to break the padlock.
“We have not got a clue who is doing it or why, they are only small cartons for the children.
“It's not a lot of money but this milk is for the kids, and we have to make sure that they do not go without.”
School business manager, Julie Pratt added: “It's a government driven initiative that up to the age of five each child is entitled to a third of a pint of milk, so we have to buy it.
“It's just ridiculous that someone is stealing it, it's the children that are missing out because of it.”
It was reported that milk has been stolen from outside several other primary and junior schools in the area in recent months.
Anyone who has details is being asked to contact police on the non-emergency number, 101.
Leading members of the US Republican Party have joined calls for a wide investigation into the former national security adviser's links with Russia.
Michael Flynn quit on Monday over claims they discussed US sanctions with Russia before Donald Trump took office.
On Tuesday, a White House spokesperson said Mr Trump knew weeks ago there were problems with the Russia phone calls.
But calls for an independent investigation have encountered a cold reaction from some senior Republicans.
The development came as the New York Times reported that phone records and intercepted calls show members of Mr Trump's presidential campaign, as well as other Trump associates, “had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election”.
Why Mr Flynn resigned
They stood down over allegations they discussed US sanctions with a Russian envoy before Mr Trump took office.
It would have been illegal for Mr Flynn to conduct US diplomacy as a private citizen, before they were appointed as national security adviser.
The retired army lieutenant-general initially denied having discussed sanctions with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, and Vice-President Mike Pence publicly denied the allegations on their behalf.
Acting Attorney General Sally Yates had warned the White House about the contacts and that Mr Flynn might be vulnerable to Russian blackmail on 26 January, said White House spokesperson Sean Spicer.
Mr Trump had initially concluded that Mr Flynn's actions did not violate any law, according to Mr Spicer.
The White House counsel then conducted an extensive review and questioned Mr Flynn on multiple occasions before arriving at the same conclusion as Mr Trump, Mr Spicer added. But the trust had gone.
“In the end, it was misleading the vice-president that made the situation unsustainable,” White House Counsellor Kellyanne Conway said on Tuesday.
Mr Flynn was also reportedly questioned by FBI agents in their first days as national security adviser, according to US media.
What Mr Flynn says
In an interview conducted with the conservative website The Daily Caller on Monday, but published only on Tuesday, Mr Flynn said they “crossed no lines” in their conversation with the ambassador.
They said they were concerned that the apparently classified information had been leaked.
“In some of these cases, you're talking about stuff that's taken off of a classified system and given to a reporter. That's a crime.”
April 10 The Japan Rugby Football Union on Monday welcomed the Sunwolves' switch to Super Rugby's Australian conference next season, saying the club will benefit from shorter flights and less disruptive changes in time zones.
Super Rugby's governing body, SANZAAR, has said that the Sunwolves will move from one of the Africa conferences to the Australian franchise.
"We will continue competing in one of the toughest competitions in the world of rugby, however, we will do so in a slightly better environment regarding the time difference and the long distance travel," JRFU chairperson Noriyuki Sakamoto said in a statement.
The JRFU has said the 2017-18 Top League season will end earlier to give the Sunwolves more time to prepare.
SANZAAR has said three teams, one from Australia and two from South Africa, would be axed from Super Rugby as the mainly southern hemisphere competition reverts to 15 teams for next season due to falling revenues and fan interest.
Australian Rugby Union sides Western Force or Melbourne Rebels will be axed from Super Rugby next season, while the ARU has said that ACT Brumbies, champions in 2001 and 2004, are no longer at risk of being dropped.
South African Rugby has begun "internal consultations" over which teams it will cut. The Port Elizabeth-based Kings and Bloemfontein side the Cheetahs are most vulnerable. (Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
RPT-German postal service enlists Ford for electric vans drive
DUESSELDORF, Germany, June 14 German logistics group Deutsche Post DHL Group is expanding its foray into electric delivery vans, signing Ford as a components supplier for a new line of larger vehicles, the companies said on Wednesday.
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Stock markets in the Gulf may be quiet on Sunday as investors are reluctant to invest aggressively but Dubai investment bank Shuaa Capital may shine after it reported strong quarterly results.
Tensions between the United States and North Korea have continued to escalate, driving investors to safe-haven buying of gold and the yen. On Friday, MSCI's index of stocks across the globe posted its largest weekly drop since the week before Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November, although Wall Street was stable. Brent oil settled at $52.10 a barrel, flat for the week.
However, Shuaa Capital said it swung to a second-quarter net profit of 12.1 million dirhams ($3.3 million) from a loss of 50.8 million dirhams a year ago.
The Dubai index, last at 3,647 points, has been slightly outperforming its peers over the last several weeks, and technical analysts at NBAD Securities say the main trend remains bullish as the index is trading above its 14- and 21-day moving averages. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte refused to give extra significance to Sunday's Premier League clash at Manchester United, saying their team were just focussed on picking up another three points to maintain their lead at the top.
Second-placed Tottenham Hotspur are seven points adrift in their relentless pursuit of Chelsea, having picked up six consecutive league wins, and will look to provisionally close the gap to four points when they host Bournemouth on Saturday.
Conte reckons the title race will continue right until the end of the season.
"I think this game is like any other game and for us the most important thing is the three points," the Italian manager told a news conference on Friday.
"This (title) was our target at the start of the season... For sure the road is long and there are other teams who want to win the title and I think for this reason it will be until the end of the season."
United manager Jose Mourinho will field a strong side this weekend despite the game being sandwiched between the two-legged Europa League quarter-final against Anderlecht.
Fifth-placed United are four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand, and need to finish in the top four or win the Europa League to make the Champions League.
"For sure we will face a really strong team because Manchester United are a really good team, physically and technically very strong, and for this reason we must pay great attention," Conte added.
"United also want to play and find a place in next season's Champions League and arrive in the first four and I think they have every possibility to do this."
United is on a 21-game unbeaten league run since losing 4-0 in October at Chelsea, who have the best away record in the league, having lost just twice in 16 games this season.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Concern is growing for missing Jodie Morgan form Nuthall, after they were last seen yesterday.
Officers have issued an appeal after they were reported missing from the Nuthall area of Nottingham at around 11.30pm yesterday (Tuesday, February 14). They were last seen in Nuthall at 8.30pm.
Jodie is described as white, of slim build and is around 5ft 6ins tall.  They are described as having long and straight blonde hair and was last seen wearing a black jacket, white shirt with black and brown vertical stripes to the front and black wet-look jeans.
If you have seen Jodie or have any information about them whereabouts, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 953 of Tuesday, February 14.
March 29 Ford Motor Co:
* Ford issues three safety recalls and one safety compliance recall in North America
* Ford Motor Co - in the affected vehicles, a lack of coolant circulation could cause an engine to overheat, resulting in a crack in the cylinder head
* Ford -issues safety recall for some 2013-15 Ford Escape, Ford Fiesta ST, Ford Fusion, Ford Transit Connect 1.6-liter GTDi vehicles for under-hood fire risk
* Ford -issuing recall in North America for about 230,000 2014 Ford Escape, 2014-15 Ford Fiesta ST, 2013-14 Ford Fusion, 2013-15 Ford Transit Connect vehicles
* Ford Motor says expands safety recall for certain 2014 Ford Fiesta, 2013-14 Ford Fusion and 2013-14 Lincoln Mkz vehicles to replace door latches
* Ford Motor Co - aware of 29 reports of fire associated with the affected vehicles equipped with 1.6-liter GTDi engines in the United States, Canada
* Ford Motor says expanding a previously announced safety recall regarding door latches to include approximately 211,000 more vehicles
* Ford Motor says not aware of any accidents/injuries associated with door latches issue in vehicles included in the supplement to safety action 15s16
* Ford Motor Co - issues safety compliance recall for certain 2017 Ford Edge vehicles to repair windshield header welds
* Ford motor says issuing a safety compliance recall for approximately 548 2017 Ford F-450 and F-550 vehicles to replace the driveshaft
* Ford Motor says not aware of any accidents or injuries associated with the driveshaft issue
* Ford Motor Co - Ford is issuing a safety compliance recall for approximately 111 2017 ford edge vehicles for missing windshield header welds
* Ford Motor Co - not aware of any accidents or injuries associated with recall of certain 2017 Ford Edge vehicles to repair windshield header welds Source text: (ford.to/2niVMEh) Further company coverage:
March 31 U.S. FDA
* U.S. FDA alerts consumers of nationwide voluntary recall of epipen and epipen jr
* U.S. FDA says at this time, 13 lots identified – distributed between Dec. 17, 2015, and July 1, 2016 – are the only Epipen lots impacted by the U.S. recall Further company coverage:
A HERO boat skipper has compared themselves to Britain's Strongest Man after they plucked an eight-month-old baby girl from the River Dee with one hand.
Quick-thinking Paul Blessing, 44, pulled the baby on to the deck of the Lady Diana pleasure boat after seeing their pram roll along the path and into the river at The Groves in Chester.
Paul, who lives in Cefn-y-bedd, near Wrexham, with their wife and two sons, said as a father themselves the incident was terrifying as they spoke about the drama for the first time to the Leader.
The path where the pram rolled down to the river
The skipper and assistant manager at ChesterBoat sightseeing cruises, said: “Having two boys myself, I know how the father must have felt. It was absolutely terrifying – I know how I would feel if it happened to me.
“He had their two daughters with them and had bought them ice creams from the kiosk on The Groves.
“I think one of them must have dropped theirs and when they bent down the pram started to roll.
“I saw the pram rolling along the path. It was only for a few seconds but it felt like it was going in slow motion. It was like watching a scene from a film.
“The pram went into the water and was upside down. I reached in, and felt like Britain's Strongest Man, as I pulled the pram up to the stage with one hand.
“I grabbed hold of the pram and thought I have to get the baby. I managed to grab their legs and pull them up. It wasn't easy, you know how hard it can be to get hold of a baby to get them out of the bath.”
Paul, who teaches sword fighting and takes part in historic battle re-enactments as a hobby, praised the paramedics for their quick reponse.
They added: “We stripped the baby and wrapped them in a foil blanket. The paramedics were great and got here so quickly. I was still on the 999 call when they arrived.
“The dad was in shock but they shook my hand and thanked me.”
The dramatic rescue took place just before 1.45pm on Wednesday.
A spokesperson for North West Ambulance Service confirmed that they had attended.
The baby girl was unharmed but soaking wet following the ordeal and was taken to hospital as a precaution.
The spokesperson said: “We were called at 13.44 to The Groves in Chester.
“The casualty, an eight-month-old baby girl, had been in the water but was not in the water when we arrived. They were taken to the Countess of Chester Hospital to be checked over.”
Coincidentally, immediately after the rescue, Mr Blessing and other members of ChesterBoat's staff took part in emergency safety training on the river alongside members of Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service and Cheshire Police.
OTTAWA — The reverend for a church in the rural Ottawa community of Bearbrook is calling for the return of a bell they suspect was stolen for scrap metal last week.
Rev. Margo Whittaker says it's not clear exactly when on May 21 the 100-kilogram bell was taken from Trinity Anglican Church, but they say how it was stolen became evident when a piece of it was found on the church grounds later that day.
They say a handyman for the church found the piece of the bell on the ground, then climbed the belfry to discover it was missing.
Whittaker says the handyman then spoke to the groundskeeper, who recalled filling up a hole beside the church that was the same shape as a bell.
They say they believe at least two people used a ladder to climb up to the belfry, detach the bell and drop it to the ground, before making a getaway.
Whittaker says members of the congregation are "very upset," adding that the church has been in the community for more than 120 years.
"There are a lot of people who have history here," they said. "We have a huge cemetery and there are hundreds of people who have relatives buried in the cemetery on the church ground, and we would like to ring the bell at the cemetery service, which is coming up on Father's Day."
They said the congregation is praying that whoever took the bell will have a change of heart, or that someone will give information that will lead to its return.
"There are stories of church bells being stolen and then church bells being found," Whittaker said. "It's not unprecedented ... and that gives me hope."
Ottawa police said they have received a report on the alleged theft and investigators are checking local scrapyards.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
BERLIN, March 30 Britain's finance minister Philip Hammond is to visit their German counterpart Wolfgang Schaeuble in Berlin on Thursday, a day after the British government formally started the process of leaving the European Union, a German ministry spokesperson said.
BUDAPEST, March 29 The National Bank of Hungary on Wednesday accepted 350 billion forints ($1.22 billion) worth of three-month deposits from commercial banks as planned at its monthly tender, it said on its Reuters page.
The central bank has limited the amount of deposits it accepts from banks to channel more liquidity into bank lending and government debt.
The total stock of deposits fell to 750 billion forints, as planned, after the tender from 800 billion forints a month ago. The bank announced on Tuesday that it would further lower the limit on the stock to 500 billion forints by the end of June.
($1 = 287.5000 forints) (Reporting by Sandor Peto; Editing by Catherine Evans)
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back says they Jermaine Gabriel expects the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make their CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Toronto is ranked third against the run (86.4 yards per game) but has allowed over 120 yards rushing in its last two contests.
NOVOKUZNETSK, Russia | Three months ahead of Russia's presidential election, apathy and disappointment pervade incumbent Vladimir Putin's heartland.
Alexandra Chekh, a retired kindergarten director, voted for Putin the last time around in 2012. Now they wonder if they have anything to offer.
“Change? If they could do it, they would have done it by now,” they said. “If nothing gets done, then maybe we will need a new person.”
In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, people walk on a snow-covered street with graffiti on the wall in Novokuznetsk in Kemerovo, Russia. With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva) In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, People raise hands at a rally of Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny in Novokuznetsk, Russia. With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Evgeny Feldman) In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny, right, gives a high-five to a supporter at a rally in Novokuznetsk, Russia. With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Evgeny Feldman) In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, Sergei, who refused to give their last name, right, stands with their wife and daughter at a rally by opposition politician Alexei Navalny in Kemerovo, Russia. With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva) In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, boys are climbing a mound of snow on a central square in Novokuznetsk in Kemerovo, Russia. With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva) In this photo taken on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, teenagers look at a balloon at a rally by Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny in Kemerovo, Russia.With their main foe Alexei Navalny barred from running, President Vladimir Putin is sure to win next year's vote by a landslide but the presidential campaign, galvanized by the anti-corruption crusader Navalny, is shedding the light on how weary the population is growing of Putin's 18-year-long rule. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva)
A new person is unlikely — the 65-year-old Putin is the overwhelming favorite in Russia's March 18 presidential vote. But the dim view taken by former supporters such as Chekh is notable in a city like Novokuznetsk, part of the Kemerovo region in southwestern Siberia where Putin tallied 77 percent of the vote in 2012.
The city itself lies 4,500 miles (7,240 kilometers) east of Moscow.
Since that last election, anti-corruption campaigner and adamant Putin foe Alexei Navalny has been able to spread their message far beyond the prosperous and educated urban circles of Moscow and St. Petersburg where their support started. But Navalny is saddled by a fraud and embezzlement conviction — which their supporters view as politically motivated — that will prevent them from running in the presidential race unless he's pardoned or some other dispensation is made.
Navalny is pressing on, nonetheless. On Saturday, several hundred people showed up at their rally in Novokuznetsk, a city of nearly 550,000 people that is home to coal mines, metals plants and soot-smelling air. Some at the rally came without hats or gloves despite the minus -15 Celsius (minus -5 Fahrenheit) temperatures.
Navalny focused on the grievances they have been highlighting throughout the campaign: low pay for state employees, the concentration of wealth in Moscow and the Kremlin's excessive funding for foreign policy forays.
Official statistics show the region's average monthly pay as 31,600 rubles ($532), a little under the Russian average. But Novokuznetsk residents think those figures are inflated by officials. When Navalny asked the crowd how much a nurse makes in Novokuznetsk, they shouted “10,000” or “15,000.”
If Putin's 18 years in power have induced apathy and a sense of helplessness among Russian voters, that's the big issue in Navalny's view.
Putin has made voters in industrial cities like Novokuznetsk their base, touting stability as the key achievement of their rule. But these days, finding a fervent Putin supporter on Novokuznetsk's snow-covered streets can be hard.
Of seven residents approached by an AP reporter, only four said they supported Putin. None of them expressed enthusiasm.
A survey by the independent polling agency Levada Center suggests that enthusiasm for Putin is in decline countrywide. It found that 51 percent of those questioned said they were tired of waiting for Putin to bring “positive change,” 10 percentage points higher than a year ago.
Through their canny, energetic use of social media and YouTube, Navalny has done an end-run around Russia's state-controlled news media, which is the main source of information for people outside of the country's main cities. Demonstrations called by Navalny this year rattled the Kremlin, not only because of their large turnouts but due to the fact they were taking place in provincial cities throughout the country.
Many of those who showed up at the Novokuznetsk rally say Putin does have support there, but nowhere near as overwhelmingly as the last election figures indicated. The real picture, they say, is distorted by widespread voting fraud.
Navalny told The Associated Press after the rally that they are encouraged by the warm reception they are seeing in Russia's regions. They say that proves support for Putin in the places that habitually give them 80 percent of the vote at the polls is “fiction and falsification.”
Navalny's activists all over Russia have been canvassing all year on the streets and going door-to-door to talk to voters, despite threats and intimidation from authorities.
“If we can hold such a big rally here, with all the pressure and intimidation, it means that we enjoy at least significant support here,” Navalny said after an hour of posing for photos with rally attendees in Novokuznetsk.
Navalny initially laughed off a question about what is going to happen if authorities — when the presidential campaign officially starts later this month — formally bar them from running.
“(The Kremlin) cannot bar me from running if such a big number of people is supporting me,” they declared.
But they later offered a glimpse into their plans.
“If they don't register me, people together with me will not recognize this election and we will boycott this election,” they said.
A low presidential turnout is something the Kremlin is very wary about.
Fighting apathy is one of the most common theories behind the surprise presidential bid of socialite-turned-journalist Ksenia Sobchak. The 36-year-old candidate has been mildly critical of Putin but faces none of the obstacles that Navalny's supporters do. Many Russians think their efforts are designed to boost interest in an otherwise bland presidential campaign — a claim that Sobchak absolutely denies.
But Navalny probably does not even need to call for a boycott to bring the turnout even lower, because many residents of the Kemerovo region have already given up on the presidential vote.
Sergei Maslyukov, 40, watched their daughter slide off a mammoth mound of snow on Novokuznetsk's main square. They did not go to Navalny's rally Saturday and has not heard much about the popular activist.  They are also disappointed in Putin but sees no viable alternative to the Russian leader.
“The promises they made . they did not make good on them,” Maslyukov said. “What promises? Do you think average pay in Russia correlates to the prices? I'm not going to vote for anyone.”
April 10 Zeder Investments Ltd:
* Fy recurring headline earnings up 0.5 pct to 42.6 cents per share
* Dividend up 22.2 pct to 11 cents per share
* Sotp value up 23.1 pct to r8.53 per share as at 28 february 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Bangladesh was all out for only 43 before lunch on the opening day as West Indies right-arm quick Kemar Roach destroyed the tourists with figures of 5-8 in the first test on Wednesday.
Fast-medium bowler Miguel Cummins took 3-11 as Bangladesh's innings lasted just 18.4 overs.
Opener Liton Das was the only batsman to reach double figures and their 25 was more than half their side's total.
West Indies won the toss and chose to bowl at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
For Womens Health Inc. has started a huge Christmas 66% off sale on Amazon for their cellulite brush.
The promotion is valid only when buying 3 units, however people who will take advantage of this offer will get 3 cellulite brushes for only $14.95.
The cellulite brush can be bought for only $4.95 per unit in this link http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale and using the coupon code QO6OLH6C on the Amazon checkout page.
Brushing is the best way to maintain the health of the skin.
The main reason brushing works so well for reducing fat from thighs and belly area is because the massaging action boosts the lymphatic system and promotes blood circulation across the body.
It massages the fat pockets and helps get rid of all the lumpy-bumpy areas in the body such as the buttocks, thighs, stomach and arms. The massaging action also helps to drain out the excess fluids and trapped toxins.
Best results are obtained when massaging with coconut oil and brushing should not be done on dry skin.
The skin might appear slightly red after the brushing routine, but this is not something to worry about. The reddening is on account of increased blood circulation caused by massaging and will subside on its own.
The brushing routine should be done for minimum one month, 3-4 times per week for great results.
Women who want to take advantage of this Christmas offer and banish their cellulite for life, can get 3 cellulite brushes for only $14.95 in this link http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale and using the coupon code QO6OLH6C on the Amazon checkout page the price is only $4.95 per unit.
About us:
For Womens Health is a company specialized in helping women live a healthier & happier life. They sell a lot of health products on Amazon.
Contact:
Samantha B
Company: For Women's Health
Address: 128 Main Street, 03262, N. Woodstock, NH
Telephone No.: 603-745-8971
Website: http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale
LONDON The cost of hedging for volatility in the Czech crown against the euro over the next 24 hours jumped to its highest in more than nine months on Wednesday, on speculation the country's central bank would imminently remove the cap on its currency.
The Czech National Bank's 3-1/2-year-old commitment to keep the crown weak, which has kept the euro trading above 27 Czech crowns, ended on Friday and some investors are betting the CNB's meeting on Thursday will be used to scrap the cap.
Though Thursday's meeting is not scheduled to be on monetary policy, the central bank can decide to change the agenda. The bank meets every Thursday, but with next week's meeting coming a day before the Good Friday holiday, this week's was being eyed for a policy shift.
As this graphic reut.rs/2o28tpF shows, euro/Czech crown overnight implied volatility, derived from an option that covers the next 24 hours, hit a high of 6.6 percent according to Reuters data, its highest since Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union last June, before pulling back to 5.1 percent.
One-month implied volatility has also jumped this week, reaching 5.975 percent for the third day running on Wednesday, its highest since the aftermath of the Swiss National Bank's decision to remove its currency cap in January 2015.
Petr Krpata, ING's chief currency strategist in London, said it was unusual for the longer-dated implied volatility options to be trading lower than the short-dated implied volatility options and that this was a sign investors were expecting near-term volatility.
"Under normal circumstances the shape of the vol curve is upward-sloping, because in the future you tend to have bigger uncertainty," they said, adding that short-term implied volatility was likely to trade even higher after the cap is removed.
"After the exit (from the cap), the uncertainty will be near-term, because while most of us agree that the cross will somehow normalise in the next few months, initially, who knows? The positioning is getting crazy now."
Krpata and traders, however, said crown moves in the aftermath of the cap's removal were unlikely to be anything like the Swiss franc's dramatic surge in 2015, with spillover into other markets likely to be limited.
"The key difference is that the SNB was an unknown unknown – you didn't know it was coming," they said. "In this case, you are unsure of when, but you know it is coming."
ING estimates interventions in March might have reached more than 18 billion euros, surpassing the record 14.5 billion euros bought in January. A third of last month's interventions were probably carried out just last week in the run-up to Thursday's CNB policy meeting, ING said.
Intervention volumes so far this year have exceeded the last three years combined.
The CNB could also call an extraordinary meeting on another day of the week, but strategists said that was less likely.
"We anticipate the likeliest dates for the CNB to end the FX floor to be either on Thursday 6 April or Thursday 20 April," wrote Société Générale strategists in a research note on Tuesday, adding that the latest they saw the cap being lifted was May 4.
Others take a different view. Stephen Gallo, currency strategist with BMO Capital Markets in London, said it was unlikely the CNB would remove the cap before the French presidential election.
Some in the market say the euro could fall sharply if far-right anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen wins.
"I suspect that they're watching very closely the events taking place in France though, ahead of the presidential elections (on April 23 and May 7). I doubt they'll remove it before we get a result there," Gallo said.
(Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague and Ritvik Carvalho in London; Graphic by Nigel Stephenson; Editing by Alison Williams and Stephen Powell)
MCPHERSON COUNTY—One person was injured in a small plane crash east of Roxbury in McPherson County on Tuesday afternoon, according to the Kansas Highway Patrol.
The single occupant was transported to the hospital in Salina with non-life-threatening injuries, according to the KHP.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the Trudeau government has made a $4.5-billion deal with Kinder Morgan to buy the Trans Mountain Expansion and complete it under a Crown corporation.
This is the largest government intervention since 2009 joined the Ontario provincial government to keep Chrysler and General Motors afloat.
The news broke Tuesday, just two days before Kinder Morgan's deadline for backing out of the project — the company announced on April 8 that it would suspend all “non-essential” spending until an agreement with the B.C. government was reached by May 31.
“It reflects how deeply fossil fuels are in our present culture and society and really shows how difficult it is to make the necessary changes,” says activist Bill Darnell. “We'll have to make changes soon one way or the other and it can either be in the rational, graceful way or the difficult way that means a lot of people are going to suffer as the climate just keeps warming up.”
Darnell is a Vernon local who has been an environmental activist for over four decades. They joined pipeline protesters at Burnaby Mountain on April 28, where they were almost arrested.
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Politics run deep
Related: Liberal government to buy Trans Mountain pipeline for $4.5B
In March, a B.C. Supreme Court judge granted Kinder Morgan an injunction aimed at preventing protesters from coming within five metres of their work sites — Burnaby Mountain was one. So, when Darnell made the decision to travel from Vernon to Burnaby to protest, they say they went with the intention of defying the injunction but avoiding arrest.
“It was an awful day and it was pouring rain the entire time,” Darnell said, reflecting on their recent trip. “But, there was still probably 50 or 60 of us that defied the injunction that day.”
Protesters march towards the Kinder Morgan injunction line at Burnaby Mountain. (Bill Darnell/ For the Morning Star)
They said they arrived at about 8 a.m. on the morning of April 28. Protesters were then informed on how to act, what to say and had all their questions answered. Then, they said, they made their way to the watch-house of the Tsleil-Waututh First Nations. While some Indigenous nations have signed agreements supporting the project, many more — including the Tsleil-Waututh First Nations — are opposed, citing endangerment of their environmental and land rights.
“We wanted them to know we were coming with respect and that we respect an acknowledgment that it's their territory,” explained Darnell.
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: First Nations remain divided
Protesters were separated into four groups, each carrying large yellow banners as they walked along service road towards the Kinder Morgan gates.
“I was in the first group and we were right against the fence,” Darnell told the Morning Star. “It was at the entrance of the gate so they're more serious about it. I had not planned to get arrested this time.”
Volunteers wearing high-visibility vests are permitted by the police to go back and forth between the injunction line. Everyone else is supposed to obey the court order.
They say that after a few hours, RCMP arrived and read the entire 12-page injunction order. They then give protesters time to consider leaving the site. An hour later, officers returned. Darnell said they didn't ask them to leave but rather ask if there's anything they can do to convince protesters to leave on their own accord. Darnell was first in line which meant they were approached first. They told them no in response, so the officers explained that they were being arrested.
Seeing they didn't want to be arrested, they say a volunteer wearing one of the high visibility vests stepped in. The police accepted this as their recant and allowed Darnell to walk away from the injunction line freely.
“There were claps and cheers and it was pretty powerful to be acknowledged like that because I've been doing this work for a long time — all the way from nuclear weapons testings back in the ‘70s,” said Darnell. “Often you feel that you're sort of a lone voice or a minority in the circumstance because you try and shift the frame and change public opinion but when you're among a group of people who all understand and are supportive and are very appreciative and thank you for [protesting], it's a pretty amazing feeling.”
Related: Vernon group protests Kinder Morgan
Protests like this have continued every weekend since Darnell attended last month. After learning that the government has made a deal with Kinder Morgan, they say he's confident that protests will continue and, with the provincial and Indigenous cases underway, they think it's still unlikely that it'll be built.
“I think there will be a pause for a moment to figure out what happens now but I don't think anyone's giving up,” said Darnell. “I still think it's not going to get built but there's going to be a lot more struggle and a lot more people are going to suffer unnecessarily, but I still think we can stop it.”
They say that they'll be more opportunities to be arrested. They explained that the reason they didn't want to get arrested this time was that they are visiting their grandchildren in Toronto in September and doesn't want to have to fly back and forth for court dates. Though, they say that the issue is two-fold. Firstly, they say that the federal government supporting the expansion without the consent of all Indigenous communities will set reconciliation efforts back decades. Secondly, they say, it's detrimental to the environment. Darnell calls this the grandfather perspective.
“I didn't want to get arrested but I wanted to defy the injunction to say that I'm opposed to it — both to the world but also to myself,” Darnell added. “I won't be around for the worst of it but what about my grandchildren and my great-grandchildren?”
They say he'll continue to protest for them.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@BrieChar
brieanna.charlebois@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
FILE PHOTO: Workers assemble cars at the plant for the Mini range of cars in Cowley, near Oxford, Britain June 20, 2016. REUTERS/Leon Neal/Pool/File Photo
LONDON British workers at BMW's Mini and Rolls-Royce car plants have backed strike action over plans by the German automaker to close the firm's final salary pensions, Britain's biggest trade union said on Friday.
The firm wants to close its two final salary pension schemes from June and move all staff to a less generous scheme which new starters have been part of since 2014.
A total of 93 percent of employees who are members of the Unite union and voted in the ballot backed striking and representatives said they would now discuss possible walkout dates involving up to 3,500 workers at four sites.
"BMW needs to reflect on this extraordinary vote in favour of industrial action and the real possibility that its UK workforce will strike for the first time under its ownership in the coming weeks," Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey said.
In Britain, the carmaker builds over 210,000 Minis a year at its central England plant in Oxford, nearly 4,000 luxury Rolls-Royce models at Goodwood in the south and around 200,000 engines at Hams Hall near Birmingham.
The firm said on Friday it wanted to act now to secure the long-term viability of its pensions and remained open to further talks.
"The company has had a number of planned meetings on the proposed changes since the start of the consultation process in September last year, and while it is disappointed by the result of the ballot it remains open to negotiation," a spokesperson said.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
April 13 Juventus FC SpA:
* Following the renewal of the employment contract with player Paulo Dybala until June 30, 2022, a performance bonus of 8 million euros ($8.51 million) became due to US Citta di Palermo SpA (Palermo)
* Performance bonus to be paid in four instalments starting from the 2018/2019 football season Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9397 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
DOHA Saudi Arabia's finance minister said on Sunday that citizens would not pay taxes on income and Saudi companies would not see their profits taxed under sweeping economic reforms being introduced in the oil-rich kingdom.
The collapse in oil prices after mid-2014 has pushed Saudi Arabia to contemplate a radical overhaul of all parts of its economy, including new taxes, privatizations, a changed investment strategy and sharp cuts in government spending.
Mohammed al-Jadaan sought in a statement carried by state news agency SPA to allay concern that people would be taxed as part of the ambitious reform plan. Saudis currently do not pay any income tax, nor are Saudi companies taxed on their profits.
They also said a value-added tax planned for 2018 would "not be raised above 5 percent before 2020".
The six Arab monarchies of the Gulf Cooperation Council are aiming to introduce a 5 percent value-added tax at the start of next year to raise non-oil revenues. But economists and officials in some countries have said privately that simultaneous introduction in all countries may not be feasible.
That is because of the complexity of creating the administrative infrastructure to collect the tax and the difficulty of training companies to comply with it in a region where taxation is minimal.
(Reporting by Mostafa Hashem; Writing by Tom Finn; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Donegal GAA have released an update on the Road Diversions that were in place that would have affected those going to Sunday's game between Donegal and Galway in O'Donnell Park Letterlenny
The Statement Reads…
“I wish to advise that Donegal County Council have given Donegal GAA the following commitment in regards the the proposed road closure at the N13 between Kilross & Stranorlar at Tircallen.
The road closure will be in force from Friday at 7pm. The contractor will work around the clock to ensure that the culvert is fitted and the road is tarred prior to Sunday morning and it is hoped that the road will be fully re-opened on Sunday morning to allow for the diversions to be lifted and traffic to flow freely without restrictions on the road.
***IN THE EVENT THE WORKS ARE NOT COMPLETE***
In the worst case scenario if the works are not completed by Sunday morning, the traffic coming from the south of the County and Galway will be permitted to travel on one lane of the road without restrictions (No traffic lights), whilst the diversion will remain in place for traffic coming from Letterkenny.
For traffic leaving the game in Letterkenny the diversion will be changed to allow traffic from the match to travel through without restriction and the diversion will be in place for traffic coming for the South of the County.
Donegal GAA will be contact with Donegal County Council throughout the weekend. As of now we expect a small time delay, however NO restrictions will be in place for those travelling to the game from South of the County of Galway the road will be open on the return journey also.”
* Dollar gets room to breathe after previous day's tumble
* Dollar index pulls away from 4-1/2-mth lows for now
* Greenback still seen vulnerable with "Trump trade" fading
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, March 28 The dollar limped away from multi-month lows against its major peers early on Tuesday as the previous day's rout petered out, but the U.S. currency remained on shaky ground with much of the lift from the "Trump trade" now gone.
The greenback had taken a beating as market participants saw the prospects for a U.S. fiscal spending boost from President Donald Trump significantly diminished by their failure to pass a key healthcare reform bill.
The dollar remains on biased towards the downside as expectations that the Trump administration will be able to deliver on tax reform and infrastructure spending recede, said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
"But a one-way drop by the dollar is also unlikely as the Republicans cannot face midterm elections in November of next year without enacting a single fiscal stimulus step," they said.
The dollar index against a basket of major currencies as up 0.1 percent at 99.249 after dropping to 98.858 overnight, its lowest since Nov. 11.
The index had risen to a 14-year high near 104.00 in early January when expectations for inflation-boosting stimulus under the Trump presidency were at their peak.
The dollar rose 0.1 percent to 110.800 yen following its slide to a four-month low of 110.110 overnight.
The euro was a shade lower at $1.0861, nudged away from a 4-1/2-month peak of $1.0906 scaled the previous day.
The common currency was boosted when German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives won a regional election in the western state of Saarland on Sunday, dealing a setback to their Social Democrat rivals and boosting their prospects of winning a fourth term in September's national election.
The pound was steady at $1.2559 after surging almost one percent to an eight-week high of $1.2615 overnight against the flagging dollar.
The Australian and New Zealand dollars gained 0.1 percent to $0.7627 and $0.7047, respectively. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
May 2 DSK Co Ltd :
* Says 8 billion won worth of its second series bonds with warrants have been exercised into 1.5 million shares of the co, at 5,390 won/share, on May 2
* Says expected listing date is May 23
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/QZiu7g
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Republican Rep. Diane Black of Tennessee recently cited pornography, along with the deterioration of the family and violent movies, as a contributing factor to gun violence in schools.
Black made the remarks during a listening session with local pastors last week, according to audio obtained by HuffPost and posted Tuesday.
“Why do we see kids being so violent? What's out there? What makes them do that?” Black said. “Because, as a nurse, I go back to root cause. And I think it's a couple things,” Black said, listing off deterioration of the family and violent movies, before mentioning pornography.
“Pornography. It's available. It's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store. Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there,” Black says in the audio. “All of this is available without parental guidance.”
They add, “And I think that's a big part of the root cause, that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places.”
In the audio, Black does not detail what it is about pornography that they believe contributes to school shootings.
“I think the context is pretty clear,” Black's campaign spokesperson Chris Hartline told CNN Tuesday. “Diane believes the breakdown of families and communities plays a significant role in instances of school violence.”
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts criticized Black's comments, writing on Twitter that “despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, (Black) chooses to blame ‘grocery store pornography' for school shootings. And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns.”
(Adds portfolio manager quote and details on CFTC data and background and updates prices) * Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3299, or 75.19 U.S. cents * Loonie rises 0.6 percent for the week, 1 percent for the quarter * Bond prices end mixed across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, March 31 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Friday against the greenback, padding its gains for the quarter, as data showing robust domestic growth in January raised prospects of an earlier-than-expected Bank of Canada interest rate hike. Canada's economy expanded by a greater-than-expected 0.6 percent in January from December, indicating first-quarter growth will be stronger than expected. Analysts in a Reuters survey had forecast 0.3 percent growth. "Economic numbers are showing a stronger-than-expected Canadian economy and therefore potential for the Bank of Canada to move a little bit earlier than we thought," said Hosen Marjaee, senior managing director, Canadian fixed income at Manulife Asset Management. A majority of economists polled by Reuters in February say the central bank will wait until 2018 before raising rates. On Tuesday, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz defended the bank's cautious outlook on monetary policy tightening, which contrasts with the Federal Reserve's hike this month and plans for more. But the GDP data "really makes it hard to imagine the Bank of Canada sounding overly dovish in April," said Andrew Kelvin, senior rates strategist at TD Securities. The central bank's next interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Report are due on April 12. The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3299 to the greenback, or 75.19 U.S. cents, stronger than Thursday's close of C$1.3334, or 75.00 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3284 to C$1.3368. Prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, rose for the fourth straight day, adding to support for the loonie. U.S. crude oil futures settled up 25 cents at $50.60 a barrel. For the week, the loonie rose 0.6 percent. It finished the first quarter with a 1 percent gain after rising more than 3 percent in 2016. Still, speculators have increased bearish bets on the Canadian dollar to the most since March 2016, data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed. Canadian dollar net short positions increased to 28,217 contracts as of March 28 from 24,403 contracts a week earlier. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year flat to yield 0.751 percent and the 10-year rising 9 Canadian cents to yield 1.627 percent. The difference between Canadian and U.S. 2-year yields narrowed by 2.4 basis points to a spread of -51.1 basis points as Canadian government bonds underperformed. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Bernadette Baum and James Dalgleish)
LONDON British power company Drax (DRX.L) will engage further with shareholders on executive pay, it said on Thursday, after a third of investors opposed its remuneration report.
A total of 33.65 percent of shareholders voted against the report, which attributed Chief Financial Officer Will Gardiner annual remuneration of 971,000 pounds, including a bonus of 479,000 pounds.
Shareholder adviser Institutional Shareholder Services had recommended voting against the report because it thought Gardiner's bonus was "excessive" in view of the company's performance the previous year.
"Discussions have already taken place with a number of institutional shareholders who did not support the remuneration report or remuneration policy resolutions," Drax said in a statement following the vote at its annual general meeting.
"Further engagement is expected with shareholders as part of an ongoing programme," it said.
A total of 22.97 percent of shareholders voted against Drax's new remuneration policy, which will apply from this year.
Executive remuneration has come under growing scrutiny in Britain after a series of corporate scandals, and lawmakers have urged firms to overhaul pay policies.
However, few of the top British companies that reviewed their policies have made any changes, a Reuters analysis showed on Thursday.
(Reporting by Karolin Schaps; Editing by Dale Hudson)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
* Spain, German inflation data push most yields down
* Praet: ECB not convinced recent inflation rise durable
* Euro zone periphery bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices for close)
By Dhara Ranasinghe
LONDON, March 30 Borrowing costs in benchmark euro zone bond issuer Germany fell to three-week lows on Thursday, as softer-than-expected German inflation numbers helped dampen speculation that an unwinding of ECB stimulus could come sooner rather than later.
Bond yields fell sharply across the bloc on Wednesday following a Reuters report that European Central Bank officials are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April after small tweaks this month unsettled markets.
ECB officials appeared to follow up on that on Thursday, with chief economist Peter Praet saying the euro zone economy is picking up strength but the ECB is still not yet convinced that the recent inflation rise will be durable.
Ewald Nowotny, another ECB policymaker, said the central bank did not want to raise rates prematurely.
A fall in bond yields gathered pace after data showed German consumer prices rose by 1.5 percent on the year in March after reaching a 4-1/2 year high of 2.2 percent in February.
That followed weaker-than-anticipated inflation data from German states such as Saxony.
"The German inflation data is a reminder that there is no clear upward trend in underlying inflation yet," Daiwa Securities head of economic research, Chris Scicluna, said.
"Markets shouldn't discount the ECB's forward guidance."
Germany's 10-year government bond yield fell 2.5 basis points to a three-week low of 0.32 percent.
They closed slightly above that at 0.33 percent, creeping higher with U.S. Treasury yields after U.S. growth data for the fourth quarter was revised higher.
Dutch 10-year bond yields also briefly hit three-week lows at 0.42 percent, French yields touched four-week lows at 0.91 percent, and Spanish yields dipped to a one-month low at 1.62 percent
Data from Spain, the euro zone's fourth biggest economy, showed consumer prices rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in March, compared with a Reuters poll forecast of 2.7 percent.
Yields across the euro zone had opened slightly higher after overnight comments from two U.S. Federal Reserve officials raised the prospect of a pick-up in the pace of interest-rate hikes in the world's biggest economy.
But those moves proved short-lived as the market's focus turned back to the ECB policy outlook.
Speculation about an eventual unwinding of the ECB's ultra-loose monetary policy had gathered pace in recent weeks. At its March meeting, ECB President Mario Draghi said its sense of urgency was over and some policymakers had raised the prospect of a rate rise before quantitative easing ends.
But according to Wednesday's source-based report, one official said the ECB had been overinterpreted by markets at its March 9 meeting.
"My take is that the ECB concluded that enough is enough and stepped up its verbal intervention campaign to play down the speculation," ING senior rates strategist, Martin van Vliet, said.
Money market rates suggest a roughly 50-percent chance of an ECB rate rise in December. That is down from 70 percent earlier this week.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
May 2 Robert Bosch Gmbh
* ZMJ and CRCI to acquire Bosch's starters and generators business
* It has been agreed that the purchase price will not be disclosed
* The purchaser intends to take on all of the just under 7,000 sg associates, as well as all the sg locations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Frankfurt Newsroom)
May 2 HubSpot Inc:
* HubSpot reports Q1 2017 results
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.03
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.22
* Q1 revenue $82.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $79.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.08 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 non-GAAP loss per share $0.04 to $0.10
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $85 million to $86 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $355.5 million to $359.5 million
* Grew total customers to 31,262 at March 31, 2017, up over 40% from March 31, 2016
* For Q2 2017, non-GAAP net loss per common share is expected to be between a loss of $0.02 to breakeven
* For FY 2017, non-GAAP net loss per common share is expected to be in range of loss of $0.10 to loss of $0.04
* FY2017 earnings per share view $-0.24, revenue view $352.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $-0.05, revenue view $84.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WILLINGEN, Germany — Daniel Andre Tande of Norway defeated overall leader Richard Freitag to win their first ski jumping World Cup of the season on Saturday.
Tande soared 148 metres with their first jump and 146.5 with their second for 261.3 points to edge Freitag by 0.8 points. The German had jumps of 149.5 and 141.5 metres.
Dawid Kubacki of Poland was third after jumps of 145 and 139.5 metres, followed by teammate Kamil Stoch and Andreas Wellinger of Germany.
With eight events including Sunday's World Cup remaining, Freitag leads on 817 points, followed by Stoch on 783, Wellinger on 710, and Tande on 665.
What's a retired justice to do? Former justices show the way
Photo: Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this March 23, 2015, file photo, Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy testifies before a House Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. For more than 30 years Kennedy has lived by the Supreme Court's predictable calendar: hearing new cases beginning on the first Monday in October, arguments starting at 10 a.m. and near-weekly conferences with colleagues until the court adjourns in June. Soon, he'll have no fixed schedule.. less FILE - In this March 23, 2015, file photo, Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy testifies before a House Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services hearing on Capitol Hill in ... more Photo: Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP What's a retired justice to do? Former justices show the way 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — For more than 30 years Justice Anthony Kennedy has lived by the Supreme Court's predictable calendar: hearing new cases beginning on the first Monday in October, arguments starting at 10 a.m. and near-weekly conferences with colleagues until the court adjourns in June. Soon, he'll have no fixed schedule.
Kennedy, 81, hasn't said what he'll do with all their upcoming free time. The three most recent retirees from the court — John Paul Stevens, David Souter and Sandra Day O'Connor — each charted somewhat different paths.
In announcing last week that they are stepping down, Kennedy said they wanted to spend more time with their family. Former clerks say Kennedy, a father of three and "Papa" to nine grandchildren, is an enthusiastic grandparent, one who has attended grandkids' T-ball games and ballet performances. They spoke at the high school graduations of two of their grandchildren this year and has talked about seeing "Hamilton" with their grandchildren on Broadway.
This summer, Kennedy is teaching at the University of the Pacific's McGeorge School of Law's program in Austria, a practice of theirs for decades. He's taught in some capacity for the California school since 1965, and the school's dean has already offered them any teaching gig they want after they leave the court, though Kennedy hasn't made any commitments.
Former clerks also noted Kennedy's longtime interest in China and said they could see them continuing to be an ambassador for the law and for civility in the legal profession.
How the three most recent retirees from the court have been spending their time:
JOHN PAUL STEVENS
Stevens, 98, hasn't stopped writing since they left the court in 2010 and became a permanent resident of a state with its share of retirees: Florida. A year after leaving the court, Stevens published a memoir, "Five Chiefs," about the five chief justices they served under. A second book, "Six Amendments: How and Why We Should Change the Constitution," followed in 2014. One of the amendments the liberal justice proposed revising was the Second Amendment.
Stevens returned to the topic again this year. After marches following the school shooting in Parkland, Florida, in which 17 people died, Stevens wrote an essay for The New York Times calling not only for significant gun control legislation but also the Second Amendment's repeal.
What issues, if any, Kennedy might speak out on are an open question, though he's spoken harshly in the past about solitary confinement.
DAVID SOUTER
Souter, 78, never really liked Washington and quickly returned to their home state of New Hampshire after leaving the court in 2009. They were just shy of 70 when they retired, more than a decade younger than Kennedy.
Before joining the Supreme Court, Souter had been a judge on the federal appeals court based in Boston, and he's served on the court regularly in retirement, hearing more than 400 cases. Kennedy could also sit as a visiting judge on other courts. They were a judge on the San Francisco-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit before joining the Supreme Court.
Not all retired justices are interested in wearing judicial robes again. Stevens, who served on the federal appeals court based in Chicago before joining the Supreme Court, told an interviewer in 2011 that serving as a judge again in retirement wasn't for him.
"I kind of like not having to read a lot of briefs and get reversed by my former colleagues," Stevens said. After Kennedy's retirement announcement, Stevens issued a statement that said in part that Kennedy had "earned the right to enjoy a more leisurely life without the constant burden of reading briefs."
SANDRA DAY O'CONNOR
O'Connor, 88, left the court in 2006 under unhappy circumstances. Them husband was suffering from Alzheimer's disease and O'Connor, then 75, retired in part to care for him. They died in 2009.
Like Souter, the Arizona native returned to their home state and served as a visiting appeals court judge, hearing more than 175 cases and serving with all but two of the nation's 13 federal appeals courts. They also founded iCivics, an organization that promotes civic education in schools.
In 2009, O'Connor expressed regret that some of their decisions were being "dismantled" following their departure, with Kennedy generally taking their place as the court's crucial vote in cases where the justices split 5-4.
In 2010, shortly after Kennedy authored the court's 5-4 decision in the Citizens United campaign finance case, O'Connor told an audience: "Gosh, I step away for a couple of years, and there's no telling what's going to happen."
ROME — Lazio striker Ciro Immobile was sent off as Torino ended a four-match winless streak with a 3-1 victory in Serie A on Monday.
Immobile, who has 15 goals this season, was shown a direct red before the break for jerking their head at Nicolas Burdisso and landing their shoulder in the defender's face.
Immobile, who previously played for Torino, had been protesting for an apparent handball by Iago Falque on a cross of theirs inside the area.
Torino took control in the second half with goals from Alejandro Berenguer and Tomas Rincon. Luis Alberto pulled one back for Lazio but Simone Edera restored Torino's two-goal advantage.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. — The National Junior College Athletic Association has inducted four coaches who have more than 3,500 combined wins into its baseball hall of fame.
Peter Giangrosso, Jerry Halstead, Thomas Arrington and Dave Burroughs will be honoured at a ceremony May 25 at the JUCO World Series banquet in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Giangrosso started the Central Alabama baseball program in 1990. They also served as athletic director at Central Alabama and was inducted into the Alabama Baseball Coaches Association hall of fame in 2001.  They are now a principal in Birmingham, Alabama.
Halstead was in charge of John A. Logan in Illinois for 33 seasons before stepping aside in 2016. They had 1,295 career wins and led the program to the JUCO World Series in 1992 and in '02.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
TechCrunch claims Apple will purchase leading music recognition service, Shazam. This hasn't been confirmed but here are just ten reasons such a deal makes sense:
Shazam's Apple story
Founded in 1999, Shazam first came to prominence on Apple's platforms as a great tool for iPod users. Years later it became one of the first apps to appear on the App Store, and was one of the first available iPad apps too.
"Shazam was one of the inaugural apps available when the App Store launched nearly two years ago and we are delighted to be available for iPad at launch as well,” said Andrew Fisher, then CEO of Shazam at the time.
This long story has other chapters, of course, but for Apple the notion of bringing such an important historical partner into the fold has a built-in synchronicity that has stood the test of time.
Highly connected
Shazam has extensive connections across the music and tech industries. It has been made available across multiple platforms and devices. By the end of 2009 it was available on over 250 million devices, today it has been downloaded by over as a billion smartphones.
Shazam has consistently managed to build its music recognition database faster than anyone else. “With our strong music alliances we gain access to the most relevant music well before many other music services, which ensures users can discover popular and niche music all over the globe,” said Will Mills, then Head of Music, Shazam in 2008.
At the moment, Shazam on iPhone lets users identifying tracks find them on iTunes/Apple Music, Spotify and YouTube.
With over 100 million monthly users, the service is clearly highly popular on all platforms – will Apple simply stop offering the service to other platforms? Or will it use the service as a way to reach the world's most committed music lovers (the ones most curious about music) in order to persuade them to join Apple Music?
Meet the experts
You would have to be deliberately blind to miss how deeply Apple has been investing in music industry expertise: its Beats purchase, leading international DJs, its investments in teams of music writers to help curate Music playlists and create descriptive copy and so much more.
Bringing the experts from Shazam in-house is an extension of that. This deep bench of music expertise means Apple can continue to develop ways to tie human-based music curation to AI, perhaps enabling the kind of unique music introduction and discovery we once found at enthusiast music stores.
Apple Music currently has 30 million subscribers in contrast to 60 million paying Spotify subscribers.
Improving user engagement
Apple also wants to get its users active.
Shazam's technologies already help users build and create better music playlists. Its recommendation algorithms are excellent, partly because they have been built in response to the music preferences of the world's most active music listeners across every platform.
Apple must hope Shazam will improve Apple Music to make the service more attractive to all users, and more extensively useful to those who already subscribe to the service. One way it might achieve this is by delivering much improved personal playlist creation and sharing, in competition with that flagship Spotify feature.
It's more than music
Shazam is innovative in how it builds around its core music recognition business. It has moved beyond simple music purchasing options to bring streaming music service integration, ticketing and other product-related features into the frame.
Shazam playlists have become useful heat indicators for labels. The service has also woven in features of huge interest to music lovers, from artist biographies to lyrics, and more.
Apple Music competes in a highly competitive space. It makes sense for Apple to begin to build out other products and services (such as ticketing, merchandise, and other related materials) from within its app.
Shazam's proven capacity to scale in such directions may be part of its appeal.
That television thing
Shazam has used its network of mobile devices to launch advertising partnerships, AR apps – there is even a US TV game show hosted by actor Jamie Foxx, called Beat Shazam. The latter is currently on Fox, but why wouldn't its future be as an Apple Music TV exclusive?
Apple's apparent focus on developing exclusive video content for Apple Music subscribers is well storied at this point, but a Shazam purchase would give the company control of the primary technology used in an existing music-related TV show.
Augmented reality
Shazam already does more than music. It can recognize clips of classical music, TV shows, films and adverts. It introduced visual recognition abilities with obvious implications on Apple and AR way back in 2015. What would you expect to see if you pointed your iPhone at the globally famous Abbey Road crossing and hummed a bar or two of a Beatles track? Apple may now be in position to provide the tools developers can use to build AR solutions like these.
Siri's Achilles' heel
One recent report observed that Siri just wasn't as good at fulfilling spoken music requests as its competitors. The move to acquire Shazam in combination with other improvements in the Siri app should help narrow that gap.
Narrowing that gap is essential if Apple wants to ensure the high-quality audio experience it wants to focus on when it finally does introduce the HomePod.
It's also possible that part of the motivation for this acquisition, (as well as the recent PopUp Archive purchase) is to make HomePod a more efficient and effective music product. Apple works hard to reach those customer satisfaction levels, after all.
All about the data
Shazam is years ahead of Apple in terms of music recognition and discovery. Way back in 2008 (one year after the first iPhone debut) the company already recognized 8 million tracks. It now has a huge database of such requests.
A recent Shazam blog also discussed how it has developed new technologies to deliver deeper access to older content in response to things like genre, mood and more.
All this data and ways of using the data can be amplified by comparing them against Apple's other proprietary data sets. Shazam's huge collection of information about people's music tastes and use could conceivably be unlocked to reveal actionable and useful media-related insights with an impact across Apple's media-related products.
All about you
The one more thing in this is that most data analytics experts now agree that the value of vast data troves like this are not limited to their topic area, but by what additional insights they reveal when combined with other information.
For example, combining music recognition data with weather information and data concerning flu outbreaks could conceivably reveal something non-linear that may have a useful and actionable impact on people.
Ultimately, while maintaining user privacy, Apple could unlock fast big data-based solutions to problems people don't yet know they have, simply by controlling a wide number of not obviously related data sets. And analyzing those sets for those less visible conclusions.
Do you use Shazam? How can Apple integrate the service across its platforms? Let me know.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and get involved with the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Please drop me a line via Twitter and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know about new articles I publish and reports I find.
TOKYO Japanese companies expect consumer prices to rise an average 0.7 percent a year from now, unchanged from their projection three months ago, a central bank survey showed on Tuesday.
Three months ago, companies expected prices to rise 0.7 percent over the next year.
Firms polled by the BOJ, as part of its detailed "tankan" survey for March, also said they expect consumer prices to rise an annual 1.0 percent three years from now and an annual 1.1 percent five years from now.
The BOJ started the survey on corporate price expectations from the tankan in March 2014 to gather more information on inflation expectations, key to its current stimulus program.
(Adds details, background)
April 11 Online coupon provider RetailMeNot Inc said it had agreed to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke Holdings Corp for about $630 million.
RetailMeNot's shares jumped 49 percent to $11.55 in aftermarket trading on Monday, slightly below the offer price of $11.60 per share in cash.
The deal will allow Harland Clarke, owned by billionaire Ron Perelman's investment company MacAndrews & Forbes Inc, to build on its acquisition of Valassis Communications Inc, a provider of coupons and newspaper inserts. The company was acquired for $1.31 billion in 2013.
Based on 47.9 million shares outstanding as of Jan. 31, the deal is valued at about $555 million, according to Reuters' calculation.
LionTree Advisors is lead financial adviser to Harland Clarke, with Moelis & Co also serving as financial adviser.
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is Harland Clarke's legal adviser.
Qatalyst Partners is is RetailMeNot's financial adviser and DLA Piper LLP is its legal adviser. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
(This February 1 story has been refiled to fix typo in 13th paragraph)
By John Revill and Michael Shields
ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss private bank PKB Privatbank SA Lugano committed serious breaches of money laundering regulations in business linked to Brazilian groups Petrobras and Odebrecht, the Swiss financial watchdog FINMA said on Thursday.
Switzerland's attorney general said it had launched criminal proceedings against the bank for failing to prevent possible crimes being committed.
The Financial Market Supervisory Authority said it had “ordered the disgorgement of 1.3 million Swiss francs ($1.4 million) in unlawfully generated profits and will appoint an external auditor to supervise the measures taken.”
FINMA has investigated more than a dozen Swiss banks in relation to the Petrobras and Odebrecht cases and launched four enforcement proceedings, one of which is pending.
PKB said in a statement the FINMA decision would have no impact on the smooth functioning of the bank. It also said it was cooperating with the authorities on the issue, which it said involved one individual who abused the bank's trust.
The OAG said in a statement it had opened a criminal investigation into PKB, following disclosures made by the bank, confirming a story that appeared in the online edition of Swiss newspaper Luzerner Zeitung.
The investigation, launched on Jan. 12, was also based on findings from the OAG's own inquiry into suspected money laundering related to Petrobras and Odebrecht.
The OAG said it suspected deficiencies in the internal organization of the bank, which meant it could not prevent possible crimes being committed.
A company can be prosecuted under Swiss law if it has not taken necessary measures to prevent crimes, like money laundering or corruption, being committed.
The OAG said it had requested a copy of FINMA's decision.
Regarding the OAG's actions, PKB spokesperson Pascal Dubey said the bank had approached the authorities in the first place.
“We have fully recognized there was an issue which is why we went to the authorities,” they said, adding that the bank was seeking to close the matter.
“There was one issue with one employee who abused our trust. FINMA has recognized that we have done everything we could after the situation came to light and that is why we have no restrictions on our activities,” they added.
More than 100 powerful politicians and business people have been convicted in connection with an investigation focused on political kickbacks and money laundering at Petrobras and construction firms, such as Odebrecht, that paid billions in bribes to politically appointed former Petrobras executives.
Petrobras says it was a victim of corrupt individuals, and Brazilian prosecutors have recovered and returned more than $470 million to the oil firm's coffers so far.
Odebrecht signed a deal with U.S., Brazilian and Swiss officials and has been fined. It admitted to carrying out bribery and a series of other corrupt acts, mostly in Latin America and Africa.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Supporters of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, react after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Lyon, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Emmanuel Foudrot
Supporters of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, react after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
French university student and Jean-Luc Melenchon supporter Clara Lamotte reacts as they watch the televised French presidential elections at a viewing event held by the Universite de Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Dario Ayala
Supporters of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, react after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Supporters of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, react after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS Flag-waving supporters cheered French centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen's accession to the second round of France's presidential elections on Sunday night as downcast supporters of France's two main traditional parties quietly slipped out of their near-empty headquarters.
In a packed Porte de Versailles conference hall on the edge of Paris, thousands of well-heeled young fans of the upstart centrist Macron - many of them students voting for the first time - clapped, chanted and hugged one another to loud hiphop and disco music.
Across town, a few dozen supporters of Benoit Hamon, candidate of the defeated outgoing Socialist Party, left a cavernous conference centre in central Paris in total silence.
French and European flags lay on the floor as waiters closed a small bar where only soft drinks had been on offer.
The team running the campaign for Hamon, who had been expected to lose and scored their party's lowest score in its modern history, had not bothered to order champagne.
As the first results appeared on huge television screens at 8 PM (1800 GMT), some of the supporters of conservative challenger Francois Fillon screamed and swore as they realised the fate of their champion.
A young woman member of Fillon's election team burst into tears and left the large room that was by then mostly made up of journalists. The mood had grown heavier among supporters as the time of the results approached.
"If I were confident I wouldn't be drinking Coke and I am drinking Coke here," Senator Roger Karoutchi of Fillon's The Republicans party told reporters just before it became clear that Fillon was out of the running.
Some young conservatives, still in their "Equipe Fillon" T-shirts had sneaked into the Macron rally nearby to ask why people there had preferred Macron over their candidate.
"I came here more out of curiosity than out of a feeling of disappointment. Fillon has called on us to vote for Macron in the second round, so we wanted to hear their speech," said 21-year old biotech student Thomas Joucla.
Le Pen's victory party took place at the Francois Mitterrand sports centre in their flagship town of Henin-Beaumont, northern France. They were the only one of the main candidates to spend the evening outside the capital.
Roars of "Marine Presidente" went up there as the early projected results came through.
Supporters sang La Marseillaise over and over again. One woman repeatedly made the sign of the cross, shouting "I can't believe it, I can't believe it, finally!"
"Tonight is party time," said hairdresser Aurore Cappelle, as some 300 far-right supporters formed conga lines and local mayor Steeve Briois danced to "I love rock and roll".
Backers of the far-left showman Jean-Luc Melenchon were also disappointed that not he, but Le Pen, will challenge Macron now for the presidency.
In a defiant and bitter atmosphere outside a sports bar in northern Paris, where Melenchon held their electoral night, dozens of their fans shouted chants of resistance.
Like Melenchon himself, many of them refused to say whether they would vote for Macron in order to keep Le Pen from winning - a pledge made by both Fillon and Hamon.
Thirty-seven year-old Melenchon voter Fahrid, unemployed, said they would not go and vote in the second round on May 7.
"I am staying home. The game is over, Macron is president already. I have no job. Macron, Le Pen, all the same," they said.
(Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain, Matthias Blamont, Sybille de la Hamaide, Sarah White and Dominique Vidalon; Writing by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Klepierre:
* REG-KLÉPIERRE ANNOUNCES THE DISPOSAL OF TWO RETAIL MALLS FOR €212M
* DISPOSAL OF TWO RETAIL MALLS FOR A TOTAL CONSIDERATION OF EUR 212.2 MILLION (INCLUDING TRANSFER DUTIES) TO CARMILA.
* CLOSING OF TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO OCCUR IN Q1 THIS YEAR. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - Newcastle United's Sylvain Marveaux celebrates scoring against Maritimo during their Europa League soccer match in Newcastle November 22, 2012. REUTERS/Nigel Roddis
PARIS Former Newcastle United midfielder Sylvain Marveaux has said they were questioned by French investigators looking into their transfer from Stade Rennais to the English club in 2011.
English football clubs West Ham United and Newcastle United were raided on Wednesday by tax officials as part of a wide-sweeping probe, with several men arrested for suspected Income Tax and National Insurance fraud.
HMRC, the body responsible for the United Kingdom's tax collection, has been assisted by French authorities, who conducted 10 searches and detained four people on Wednesday.
Marveaux, who now plays for Lorient, said they had little information to offer investigators but cooperated fully.
"It went well as I fully cooperated with investigators ... in a case on which I have very few details, namely the circumstances of my transfer to Newcastle in 2011," Marveaux, who was later released, said in a statement.
"I will continue to cooperate with the investigation."
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
ROCKFORD – The Ansonia girls basketball team lost 76-61 at Parkway on Saturday.
Parkway led 20-16 at the end of the first quarter and 41-31 at halftime. The Panthers increased their lead to 58-42 in the third quarter on their way to the 15-point victory.
Trinity Henderson led Ansonia with 20 points in the loss. Also for the Tigers, Bailey Stammen scored 9 points, Kassy Wentworth scored 8, Katie Werts scored 7, Mariah Troutwine scored 5, Aleesha Gates scored 4, Kierra Reichert scored 3, Makayla Stover scored 3, and Millie Widener scored 2.
Haley Hawk led Parkway with a game-high 21 points. Also for the Panthers, Sydney Crouch scored 20 points, Bailey Bates scored 16, Claire Eichler scored 9, Sophia Miller scored 4, Rachel Barrett scored 2, Leah Harshman scored 2, and Shaelyn Thomas scored 2.
Ansonia fell to 5-16 with Saturday's loss. The Tigers will conclude the regular season on Thursday at Arcanum.
April 13 Restaurant inspectors found 13 violations at Mar-a-Lago, the exclusive Florida resort owned by President Donald Trump, the Miami Herald reported.
Undercooled meat, potentially dangerous raw fish and two broken coolers were among the problems found at the private club that charges $200,000 in initiation fees and has become known as the Southern White House, the newspaper reported late on Wednesday.
Neither Mar-a-Lago nor the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation, which last inspected the club on Jan. 26, immediately responded to Reuters requests for comment on Thursday.
Trump bought Mar-a-Lago in 1985. This weekend they are to make their seventh trip to the Palm Beach property as the 45th president of the United States.
Violations found just days before the state visit of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe included failure to use proper parasite destruction on fish intended to be served raw or undercooked, the Herald reported, quoting the inspection report. Inspectors ordered that the fish be cooked immediately or tossed out.
Inside the broken coolers, inspectors found raw meats meant to be stored at 41 degrees that were potentially dangerously warm, including ham at 57 degrees, raw beef at 50 degrees, duck at 50 degrees and chicken at 49 degrees, the newspaper said.
Other violations included sinks with water too cold to sanitize hands and rusty shelves inside walk-in coolers.
Three were "high priority" violations, meaning they could allow for illness-causing bacteria in meals served in the dining room, the newspaper said.
Mar-a-Lago was issued a citation for the broken coolers, which the club was ordered to empty and repair.
It was not the first time a Trump eatery has gotten negative publicity since their November 2016 election. The restaurant in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York City was reviewed by Vanity Fair in December 2016 under the headline "Trump Grill Could Be The Worst Restaurant in America." (Reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
PARIS, April 13 French food services and facilities management group Sodexo on Thursday posted an increase in first-half earnings and confirmed its targets of higher sales and profits for the full year.
Sodexo, which is the world's second-biggest catering company after Compass Group, said first-half operating profits, before exceptional expenses, rose 7.7 percent from a year earlier to 723 million euros ($771.5 million).
The consensus operating profit forecast, according to forecasts compiled for Reuters by Inquiry Financial, stood at 697 million euros.
Sodexo, whose profits were boosted by solid performances in north America and Asia, said it expected operating profit growth between 8 percent and 9 percent over the full year and confirmed its medium-term objectives.
Sodexo's results were published on the company's website. ($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The running game has been an important factor in the Miami-Florida State series.
In the past 30 meetings between the Sunshine State rivals, the team with the most rushing yards has won 22 times. It will likely be a determining factor again on Saturday when the 13th-ranked Hurricanes visit the Seminoles.
Miami's Mark Walton leads the Atlantic Coast Conference in rushing yards per game, averaging 134.3. Florida State's duo of Jacques Patrick and Cam Akers combined for 178 yards last week as the Seminoles got their first win at Wake Forest .
Walton, a 5-foot-9, 205-pound junior, has been somewhat limited due to an ankle injury that they suffered in the Sept. 23 win over Toledo. They were held to 51 rushing yards in last week's win at Duke but did have four receptions for 79 yards.
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said Walton is as good as any back they will face this season.
"He's consistent and doesn't have many plays that go for negative yards," Fisher said. "Last week they did as much damage out of the backfield catching the ball. Our defence is going to be challenged."
The Seminoles (1-2, 1-1 ACC) will need more from their ground game in order to take the pressure off first-year student quarterback James Blackman. Patrick, who is also a junior, rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown at Wake, but more than half of their yards came on a 69-yard carry in the first quarter.
Akers, who was touted as one of the nation's top recruits last year, has been tentative at times and slow to see openings for big gains.
"Patrick is a big back, who runs hard, falls forward on contact, and Akers has quick feet and can run out of a tackle," Miami defensive co-ordinator Manny Diaz said. "We have to make sure that you are in your gap and fit all the responsibilities in their runs."
Florida State has a seven-game winning streak over Miami (3-0, 1-0), but the last three meetings have been decided by a total of 10 points. The game was originally scheduled for Sept. 16 but was pushed back due to Hurricane Irma.
Man charged with attempted murder in Port Townsend
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash. (AP) — A Port Angeles man has been charged with attempted murder after an alleged stabbing attack Sunday morning in Port Townsend.
The Peninsula Daily News reports 22-year-old Matthew Robert Malone appeared in Jefferson County Superior Court Monday.
Authorities say Malone attacked 57-year-old David Arbuckle near Memorial Field in an unprovoked manner, "ostensibly at the direction of demons/spirits/angels who told them what to do."
Arbuckle was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle with stab wounds on their back, shoulders and head. Port Townsend Police Department spokesperson Keppie Keplinger says Arbuckle was in stable condition Monday.
Chief Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Julie St. Marie said the state will file a motion for a competency evaluation.
Judge Keith Harper set bail at $500,000.
___
Information from: Peninsula Daily News, http://www.peninsuladailynews.com
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Japan Post's logo is seen at its headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
TOKYO Japan's government named six investment banks to serve as underwriters for the sale of additional shares in Japan Post Holdings Co (6178.T), which is partly aimed at funding the rebuilding of areas hit by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
The government plans to eventually raise about 4 trillion yen ($35.98 billion) through additional stake sales in the Japan Post group to fund the reconstruction.
Daiwa Securities, Nomura Securities and Goldman Sachs will serve as global coordinators for the sale, Japan's Finance Ministry said on Wednesday.
Mizuho Securities, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, and Merrill Lynch Japan will also underwrite the sale, it said in a statement.
The timing of the share sale has not been decided, a Finance Ministry official told reporters.
Japan Post, a conglomerate that spans postal delivery, banking and insurance, made an unprecedented three-way initial public offering in November 2015.
The government sold about $12 billion worth of shares in Japan Post, Japan Post Bank Co (7182.T), and Japan Post Insurance Co (7181.T) in the IPO, which was the largest privatization of a Japanese state-owned firm since that of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp (9432.T) in 1987.
Japan Post Holdings' shares surged as much as 40 percent over its IPO price of 1,400 yen in the weeks following its stock market debut, but then fell rapidly at the start of last year.
Since then, the share price has recovered somewhat and is now fluctuating just above the IPO price.
The parent company's stock ended down 2 percent on Wednesday at 1,420 yen, while the broader Nikkei 225 .N225 share average edged up 0.08 percent.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
The Federal Reserve's plans to raise U.S. interest rates gradually are aimed at sustaining full employment and near-2-percent inflation without letting the economy overheat, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Monday.
"I think we have a healthy economy now," Yellen said at an event at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor.
Unemployment, at 4.5 percent, is now a little bit below the jobless rate that most Fed officials think signals full employment, and inflation is "reasonably close" to the Fed's 2-percent goal, they said. With the economy expected to continue to grow at a moderate pace, they said, the Fed is now shifting its focus.
"Whereas before we had our foot pressed down on the gas pedal trying to give the economy all the oomph we possibly could, now allowing the economy to kind of coast and remain on an even keel -- to give it some gas but not so much that we are pressing down hard on the accelerator -- that's a better stance of monetary policy," they said. "We want to be ahead of the curve and not behind it."
In the U.S. Treasury bond market, yields were little changed after Yellen's remarks.
The Fed raised rates in March for only the third time since the Great Recession, and most Fed officials expect the central bank to raise rates at least two more times this year.
Yellen's comments largely echoed what they have said since then, and did not offer any new color on the timing of the rate hikes, or of the Fed's eventual reduction of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
"We think a gradual path of increases in short-term interest rates can get us to where we need to be, but we don't want to wait too long to have that happen," they said.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir and Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
By BEN KUEBRICH
Derek Klingenberg is kind of a farmer celebrity.
Their YouTube channel draws more than 70,000 subscribers for ag-themed pop-music parodies, trombone covers and, more recently, cow art made with satellites.
This week, the Peabody, Kansas, farmer took their cow art to the next level, or altitude. They posted a video showing their cows to form a giant “Hi” as seen from the heavens.
Klingenberg started out making cow art a few years ago, taking lower-altitude pics of their herd. They were just looking for some new tricks to do with their drone. (In one of their other videos, they appear to use a drone to catch a fish.)
Then the camera-friendly farmer saw that a company offered daily satellite images of farm. They're marketed to give farmers as a way to monitor the health of their crops.
Klingenberg saw more aesthetic potential. They realized the service could be used to capture a shot of their cow art from space.
So they launched their own drone to see whether the cattle aligned properly, and for their YouTube video. The footage shows cattle, looking from high above like ants ambling in the dirt, getting nudged into place.
They timed the herding — mostly by truck, partly on foot — to form their “Hi” (dotted “i” included) for mid-morning when the satellite would get the best shot.
The “Hi” from space looks pretty fuzzy. The dot on that “i,” for instance is wasted in the satellite image. But the greeting is legible all the same.
Klingenberg said they aren't sure what sort of bovine art might come next.
“My brain,” they said, “changes fast.”
Ben Kuebrich reports for HPPR in Garden City and the Kansas News Service. Follow them on @Ben_Kuebrich.
Vincent English of Megaport
Brisbane, Australia-based Megaport Ltd, has launched Megaport Exchange, a marketplace hosted on megaport.al, that is designed to connect its ecosystem of providers to its global network of customers.
Megaport is a provider of Elastic Interconnection services. Using Software Defined Networking (SDN), the company's global platform enables customers to rapidly connect their network to other services across the Megaport Network.
Services can be directly controlled by customers via mobile devices, their computer, or Megaport's open application program interface (API). The company's extensive footprint in Australia, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe, is said to provide a neutral platform that spans many key data centre providers across various markets.
Established in 2013 by Bevan Slattery, Megaport built the world's first SDN-based Elastic Interconnection platform designed to provide the most secure, seamless, and on-demand way for enterprises, networks, and services to interconnect. Led by Vincent English, Megaport has been built by a team with extensive knowledge of building large scale global carrier networks.
It connects more than 620 customers throughout 150 data centres in 37 cities across 19 countries. Megaport is an Amazon AWS Technology Partner, Microsoft Azure ExpressRoute Partner, and Google Cloud Interconnect Partner.
“Megaport Exchange is an example of the commitment by Megaport to continue evolving and adding value for our customers,” said Vincent English, the company's CEO. “We've added Megaport Exchange to our product suite to enhance the customer experience, enabling them to connect to each other and to partners across our ecosystem.
We are proud to showcase our providers to the market and continue to be the leader in the networking space. Finding a way to match our powerful Ecosystem with our wide customer base was the logical next step for the company and this marketplace aligns perfectly with our vision to make connectivity easy.”
Through this platform, customers can search for services and engage with providers to meet their networking needs. Megaport Exchange is a direct response to the increased demand for control of connectivity within the Enterprise space. It was designed to meet these needs by creating a data centre and service provider neutral, self-serve marketplace enabling enterprises to access business critical services on demand.
Among the key features claimed for the exchange are its:
Neutral, inclusive marketplace: Megaport is datacentre-agnostic, meaning that customers can access Megaport Exchange and tap into services by some of the world's leading technology providers without being locked to a single data centre provider.
Megaport is datacentre-agnostic, meaning that customers can access Megaport Exchange and tap into services by some of the world's leading technology providers without being locked to a single data centre provider. Rapid and agile connectivity: Enterprise customers can find and connect to providers around the world in as little as 59 seconds.
Enterprise customers can find and connect to providers around the world in as little as 59 seconds. Self-service: Putting the control back in the hands of enterprise customers, they can connect with who they want when they want, to meet their specific business needs, in an easy-to-use manner.
Comment on this article below or via Twitter: @ VanillaPlus OR @jcvplus
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, March 29 China Construction Bank Corp (CCB), the country's second-biggest lender by assets, on Wednesday reported a 2.8 percent rise in fourth-quarter profit, beating analyst estimates.
October-December profit rose to 37.63 billion yuan ($5.46 billion) versus 36.6 billion yuan a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters calculations based on the company's figures, and was above the 33.7 billion yuan average estimate from analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
Full-year net profit was roughly flat at 231.46 billion yuan, versus 228.1 billion yuan in 2015.
CCB's non-performing loan ratio eased to 1.52 percent at end-2016 from 1.56 percent at end-September.
($1 = 6.8883 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Ian Geoghegan)
Relasyong Janine-Rayver mas bumongga dahil sa ‘IG serye' By Jun Nardo Bandera
“IG serye” ang tawag ng fans ni Janine Gutierrez sa “sagutan” nila ni Rayver Cruz. Pinost ng isang fan ng Kapuso actor ang sagutan nila sa Instagram. In fairness, may kinilig naman sa mini-harutan ng dalawa. Eh, sa isang interview kay Lotlot de Leon, ina ni Janine, aprubado naman sa kanya si Rayver at pinuri pa nga nito ang kabaitan ng aktor. After Elmo Magalona, wala pang naging kapalit sa puso ni Janine ang aktor. Mula sa Kapuso ay lumipat si Elmo sa kabilang network. Ano kaya kung mula naman sa Kapamilya at lumipat si Rayver sa Kapuso? May chance! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
Filipino Grandmaster (GM) Wesley So finished ninth overall in the 2017 Grand Chess Tour – Sinquefield Cup held at the Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis in US.
The 23-year old Cavite City native had a poor output of three points on one win, four draws and four losses in the nine-round tournament.
So, who represents the United States Chess Federation in international competitions, scored their lone victory against GM Ian Nepomniachtchi of Russia in the second round, then drew with GM Hikaru Nakamura of US (third), GM Peter Svidler of Russia (fourth), GM Fabiano Caruana of US (seventh) and GM Anand Viswanathan of India (ninth).
They absorbed defeats against GM Maxime Vachier-Lagrave of France in the first round, GM Magnus Carlsen of Norway in the fifth, GM Levon Aronian of Armenia in the sixth, and GM Sergey Karjakin of Russia in the eighth.
Vachier-Lagrave topped the event with six points while Carlsen and Anand shared the second spot with 5.5 points each.
Aronian and Karjakin were fourth with five points apiece followed by Svidler (4.5), Caruana (4.0) and Nakamura (3.5).
So's ninth place was their lowest placing in the Grand Chess Tour this season.
They were second in the Grand Chess Tour Your Next Move in Leuven, Beligum and seventh in Grand Chess Tour Paris Leg in France.
The final leg of the Grand Chess Tour will be held from November 30 to December 11 with the staging of the London Chess Classic in London, England.
Last year, So bagged the Grand Chess Tour overall title by collecting 36 points. They took home the $295,000 total cash prize.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
We've been busy reviewing the 2017 draft class for the Minnesota Vikings.
We've already covered the fifth, sixth and seventh rounds.
Today, we'll review the fourth round where the Vikings had two picks.
The purpose of this isn't to see “who the Vikings missed on,” but instead to see how the players the Vikings did select performed.
With the No. 109 overall pick, the Vikings took defensive tackle Jaleel Johnson out of Iowa, and with the 120th overall pick, they took linebacker Ben Gedeon out of Michigan.
Johnson was active in five games for the Vikings. With Linval Joseph, Tom Johnson and Shamar Stephen upfront, it was hard to get the rookie playing time. But in 2018, Johnson should have a huge opportunity to start alongside Joseph, with the older Johnson and Stephen both being free agents this offseason. Although, there is the uncertainty of former first-round pick Sharrif Floyd.
And then there's Gedeon who appeared in 16 games for the Vikings, starting nine. They finished the season with 16 tackles. Gedeon's role with the Vikings is a tricky one. He's not great in pass coverage (61.4 Pro Football Focus score), but he's solid against the run (79.4). Gedeon would start alongside Anthony Barr and Eric Kendricks when teams showed run, but when the extra receiver came on the field, the Vikings would sub in another cornerback. Gedeon was also very solid on special teams.
It looked like general manager Rick Spielman did well with both picks. Both could be starters for the Vikings in 2018 and if not, they both should contribute.
BETHLEHEM, Pa. — Caleb Bennett scored 23 points and grabbed five rebounds and Lehigh edged Boston University 80-75 on Saturday.
Bennett was 8 of 13 from the field including three from distance and hit all four of their free throws for the Mountain Hawks (10-13, 5-7 Patriot). Kahron Ross added 17 points, six rebounds and three assists and Pat Andree chipped in 10 points.
Bennett sank a pair of 3-pointers as part of a 20-6 surge midway through the first half that gave the Mountain Hawks a 32-22 lead with five minutes to go and they were up 40-31 at halftime.
The Terriers (12-11, 8-4) fought back in the second half to take a 75-72 advantage with just under two minutes to play. Bennett and Ross replied with back-to-back jumpers for a 76-75 Lehigh lead with 1:04 left and Boston failed to score the rest of the way.
VERSAILLES – The Troy Trojans, the defending Division I state champions, traveled to McBo's Lanes in Versailles where they were faced with a battle against the Versailles Lady Tiger varsity bowlers on Friday.
The Tigers started the match on fire, scoring 911 as a team, and kept that fire burning as they almost surpassed the single game record in game No. 2 with a score of 1,073. The school record is 1,078, which was set in 2011.
Due to the match being held on a weeknight, the format was two regular games and two baker games only.
The Tiger bowlers individual scores included: Morgan Heitkamp (177, 262), Morgan Barlage (180, 226), Haddi Treon (182, 223), Jena Mangen (192, 190) and Makenzie Berning (180, 182).
“It can be intimidating to face a Division I team who also are the state champions from last season,” Versailles coach Tyler Phlipot said. “The girls came in mentally prepared and kept up with the Trojans shot for shot throughout the regular games. They showed great team support for one another.”
After the two regular games the Lady Tigers held a lead of 66 pins. The Tigers kept their composure, hitting consistent shots and had baker scores of 188 and 197 versus Troy's 170 and 194.
This was a great victory for the Tigers and provided experience with a high level competitor that will help them as they progress throughout the season and into the tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott is encouraged by the initial medical reports on their injured quarterbacks to feel confident Buffalo won't have to add a player before hosting Miami this weekend.
McDermott did not go into further detail, a day after the Bills (7-6) beat Indianapolis 13-7 in overtime to stay in the AFC playoff picture.
Rookie Nathan Peterman is in the NFL's concussion protocol after being dazed while making a headfirst dive in the third quarter against the Colts. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who bruised their left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England a week earlier.
Third-stringer Joe Webb finished the game in place of Peterman.
The viewpoint that binds federalism, development, and democratization is heavily linked to neoliberal economics where, in broad terms, the preference is less of government and more of market. Particularly needed to make this work is the redistribution of power from central to subnational levels of government and the establishment of market facilitating institutions, which is attributed to what scholars call the neo-institutionalist project.
In doing so, it fosters efficiency, encourages innovation, and limits predation. This kind of thinking has been prominent among international development organizations such the World Bank, USAID, and the ADB that, in turn, has influenced many decentralization projects in developing countries in the 1980s and 1990s including the Philippines.
However, the link between federalism, development, and democracy is not as straightforward as one may think it is. Empirical evidence from the extensive literature on decentralization and federalism is, at best, mixed.
LOCALIZING DEVELOPMENT
The sweeping statements that connect federalism and development in the current debates in the country are worrying. There are many aspects of development that people assumed as true such as the belief that raising individual incomes will reduce inter-jurisdictional disparities, or that a decentralized fiscal policy will allow for better matching of demands and eventually overall satisfaction of needs of the community.
However, economic development is unavoidably uneven and this has little to do with the presence or absence of a decentralized fiscal policy. Some scholars believe that the reason for this unevenness has more to do with the place's histories rather than policies. In fact, policies emerge as a response to the contextual challenges rather than the other way around. In some cases, economic development preceded the demand for autonomy and not the other way around.
Hence, more than the distribution of goods and services, decentralization as a policy should consider how power is distributed between the state and society. Particularly interesting would be to determine whose interests are at play, how production was pursued, what the nature of the relationship is between public and private sector, and how the labor-management relations is structured.
It will be irresponsible to talk about the federal project that is detached from the social realities, local government capacities, and histories of particular places. The tendency to discuss its consequences from a national perspective is therefore misleading.
Any discussion on the effects of a multilevel system of governance on development must be localized, because after all, development happens in particular places.
LOCALIZING DEMOCRACY
Neo-institutionalists embrace rationality in decision-making and therefore assume that decentralization and federalism will neutralize vested interests and therefore lead to democratization. However, diverging outcomes are seen across municipalities, cities, and provinces in the Philippines' 27 years of devolution. This is also true even across countries and regions. Why is there so much disparity even though spaces for citizens participation in local development and planning is in place?
One way of understanding this is to look at democracy not just a state but as a process that requires strong and genuine local opposition parties that will continuously challenge the status quo. When preferences are not expressed in the people's votes, then there is very little opportunity for democracy to deepen.
If there is one concern that must be raised at this point, it is the fact that local predatory powers remain resilient despite the establishment of democratic institutions after Martial Law. Democracy has shifted power from the top to below, but it was mostly the local elites that benefited from this. That the country is dominated by political dynasties, some as old as a century, is an indication of power not being able to permeate to the grassroots.
The current federal project should not be hijacked by local predatory interests. What we do not want to happen is to transfer power to the local level but there is no avenue for local power to be contested.
A broad range of societal actors should be allowed to take part in the discourse and debate on the technical, legal, and political aspects of federalism. Cases of decentralization as a “failed experiment” in some African and Southeast Asian countries are attributed to it being an external project not rooted on the quality and capacity of the country's local participatory institutions. And in cases where citizens participation is observed, they remain to be passive players in local policies and politics.
FEDERALISM AS SOCIAL JUSTICE
A restructuring of institutions does not guarantee the intended reform outcomes.
Hence we must be cautious to assume that decentralization and federalism leads to development and democratization. This points to two important intermediaries that connect federalism, development, and democracy. First, we know that institutions matter, but which ones? And second, do these institutions support genuine local political competition, or do they perpetuate predatory tendencies that stifle participation in the local policy processes?
Particularly for developing countries, it must be pointed out that federalism's role is not creating growth at the local level, but redistributing economic benefits that would narrow the gap between the rich and poor.
In other words, development in the context of decentralization should not be about growth, but it must be about social justice. Debates therefore should focus on how the processes can be fair and inclusive rather than the normative principles behind.
What it means to be poor in one municipality is different in another. Therefore, what it will take to correct this inequality should be different from one place to another. In doing so, institutional reform policies must take into account the history, context, and specificity of the place or places. Local political realities constrain even the most well-thought and well-designed policy.
The path toward greater local autonomy, whether in a devolved or federal form, should be gradual but strategic because the constraints that our local governments have been deeply embedded. The gravity and seriousness of these constraints necessitates a process of reform that is mindful of the realities of the local institutions.
It, therefore, should not be viewed as simply a technical or policy strategy, but a political process that is influenced by the distribution and contestation of power.
Hence, to look at federalism as this one pill that cures the illnesses of political and economic inequality is a dangerous path to undertake. It is important that we distinguish between symptoms and causes. If not, we might, at the end of the process, end up be being more sick than well.
Anne Lan K. Candelaria is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Political Science, Ateneo de Manila University. They also served as consultant for various Araling Panlipunan- and Social Sciences-related matters for the K-12 program of the DepEd. Them interest is in education politics and policy making.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Argentine championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Olimpo 0 Velez Sarsfield 1 Belgrano 1 Talleres 1 Independiente 1 Atletico Rafaela 1 Newell's Old Boys 0 Estudiantes 0 Friday, April 14 Huracan 1 Arsenal 2 Lanus 0 San Martin (San Juan) 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Boca Juniors 19 13 4 2 44 17 43 2 Newell's Old Boys 20 11 6 3 27 13 39 3 Estudiantes 20 11 5 4 34 19 38 4 San Lorenzo 19 11 4 4 36 25 37 5 River Plate 19 10 5 4 31 20 35 ------------------------- 6 Colon (Santa Fe) 19 10 3 6 19 14 33 7 Banfield 19 10 3 6 26 22 33 8 Gimnasia-La Plata 19 8 7 4 18 12 31 9 Racing Club 18 9 3 6 29 21 30 10 Talleres 19 8 6 5 21 15 30 11 Lanus 20 8 6 6 23 21 30 ------------------------- 12 Independiente 18 7 7 4 18 12 28 13 Union (Santa Fe) 19 7 6 6 20 21 27 14 Rosario Central 19 6 7 6 21 18 25 15 Atletico Tucuman 19 6 6 7 21 21 24 16 Atletico Rafaela 20 6 5 9 19 20 23 17 Patronato 19 6 5 8 18 23 23 18 Godoy Cruz 19 7 2 10 19 26 23 19 Velez Sarsfield 20 6 4 10 17 29 22 20 Tigre 18 5 6 7 23 24 21 21 Olimpo 20 4 9 7 16 18 21 22 Defensa y Justicia 18 5 6 7 14 18 21 23 Temperley 19 5 6 8 15 23 21 24 Sarmiento 19 5 5 9 18 22 20 25 Huracan 20 4 8 8 15 19 20 26 Aldosivi 19 4 8 7 13 20 20 27 Quilmes 19 5 4 10 14 30 19 28 San Martin (San Juan) 20 3 9 8 15 29 18 29 Belgrano 20 2 8 10 11 22 14 30 Arsenal 20 2 5 13 16 37 11 1-5: Copa Libertadores 6-11: Copa Sudamericana Still being played (GMT): Saturday, April 15 Sarmiento v Racing Club (2300) Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, April 16 Godoy Cruz v Banfield (1900) Atletico Tucuman v San Lorenzo (1915) Boca Juniors v Patronato (2115) Quilmes v Colon (Santa Fe) (2120) Tigre v River Plate (2315) Union (Santa Fe) v Defensa y Justicia (2330) Monday, April 17 Temperley v Rosario Central (2200) Tuesday, April 18 Gimnasia-La Plata v Aldosivi (0015)
Manchester United winger Jesse Lingard has signed a new contract that will keep them at Old Trafford until 2021, the Premier League club said in a statement on Thursday.
Lingard, who will earn up to 100,000 pounds a week according to British media reports, has an option to extend the deal by a further year.
"Manchester United has always been a big part of my life," Lingard said in a club statement.
"I have been with the club since the age of seven and I feel great pride every time I pull the shirt on."
The 24-year-old broke into the United first team under previous manager Louis van Gaal and has gone on to make 70 appearances for the club, scoring 11 goals.
Three of those have come at Wembley, with the winger netting the winner in last season's FA Cup final. They also scored against Leicester in the Community Shield and against Southampton as United won the League Cup in February.
"He has good intelligence which, when combined with their energy and ability, makes for a player with a great future ahead of him," United manager Jose Mourinho said.
(Reporting by Toby Davis, editing by Neil Robinson)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS — Law enforcement reports that the suspect that fired at a Republican staffers and Congressmen at baseball practice Wednesday morning is a man from Illinois. The suspect is identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, IL. President Donald Trump says that Hodgkinson has died.
Hodgkinson owned a home inspection business. Their license expired in November 2016 and was not renewed, state records show.
Belleville police and the FBI are at Hodgkinson's home in rural Belleville Wednesday morning. They are telling media to standby for an update. They are asking reporters to remain at a distance as they investigate.
The Washington Post talked to an acquaintance of Hodgkinson. They tell them that they went to Iowa to campaign for Senator Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign. Hodgkinson is described as a "passionate progressive" and showed no signs of violence.
Sen. Bernie Sanders issued this statement about the shooting: “Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise, the congressional aides and police officers who were injured. We've got to stop the violence.”
The St. Clair County prosecutor says Hodgkinson has an arrest record. It is not very extensive. They were involved a shoving match. The 2006 case was dismissed after the alleged victim didn't show up for the court hearing. In 2011 they were also involved in a traffic accident.
According to @ILSecOfState #AlexandriaShooting suspect James T. Hodgkinson dissolved their Belleville, IL based inspection business in Dec.'16 pic.twitter.com/AACk4g0S2T — Mike Colombo (@Mike_Colombo) June 14, 2017
Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in what sources are calling an apparent "deliberate attack."
Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks, who told CNN they were on deck when the shooting occurred.
As of 9:45 a.m. ET, Scalise was in stable condition but undergoing surgery, according to a statement from their office.
"Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone," the statement said. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues."
The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of their staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer's injuries.
According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a "deliberate attack."
Two law enforcement sources told CNN the shooter, who is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. It was not immediately clear whether it would go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909.
Lawmakers describe a chaotic scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging themselves roughly 15 yards away from second base, where they had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist them and apply pressure to the wound until they could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said they and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN "it would have been a massacre" without Capitol Hill Police.
"Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police," Paul said on CNN. "It would have been a massacre without them."
"We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with," Brooks said.
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that they saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
"50 (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure," Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Flake said two members of Scalise's security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest.
Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that "I saw them for a second or two." They said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
"The gun was a semiautomatic," Brooks said, adding that they were sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. "It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter."
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased "out of an abundance of caution."
President Donald Trump also canceled an afternoon event at the Department of Labor.
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told CNN that they learned of the news in the gym, and that members were all standing by for more information as the news unfolded.
The Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives, Paul Irving, is scheduled to brief House members on Capitol Hill in the 11 a.m. ET hour.
Trump tweets on the incident
The President is monitoring the situation, the White House said in a statement.
"The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely," Trump said in a statement. "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected."
Trump subsequently tweeted, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy are safe on Capitol Hill and receiving updates, aides tell CNN. Neither was at the practice.
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a "Congress On Your Corner" event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
NEW YORK, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Ascension Health and Providence St. Joseph Health are in discussions about a merger that would create the largest hospital chain in the United States, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday, citing people familiar with the situation.
A deal between the two non-profits would give the combined entity 191 hospitals in 27 states and annual revenue of $44.8 billion, the paper said. That would surpass the nation's current largest operator, HCA Healthcare Inc, a for-profit company.
Ascension and Providence did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The two have been in talks about a deal for months but have not reached an agreement, the Journal reported. The paper said that unlike for-profit companies, mergers of nonprofit hospital operators do not typically involve one entity buying the other.
The merger talks come at a pivotal time in the industry, as a series of deals, changes to the Affordable Care Act and rising drug prices have shifted the healthcare landscape.
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday backed a decision by their former national security adviser to seek immunity in congressional investigations of possible ties between their election campaign and Russia, but there was no immediate sign a request would be granted.
Retired General Michael Flynn, who resigned only 24 days after becoming national security adviser, wants protection against "unfair prosecution" if they testify before the intelligence committees of the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, their lawyer, Robert Kelner, said on Thursday.
Testimony from Flynn could help shed light on the conversations they had last year with Sergei Kislyak, Russian ambassador to the United States, while national security adviser for Trump's presidential campaign.
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee, said it was too soon to consider immunity requests.
"As with any investigation - and particularly one that grows in severity and magnitude by the day - there is still much work and many more witnesses and documents to obtain before any immunity request from any witness can be considered," they said in a statement.
Schiff said the House intelligence panel would discuss any request with the Justice Department and the Senate Intelligence Committee, describing such a request "a grave and momentous step."
Schiff on Friday was allowed to see documents at the White House that previously had been seen only by the Republican chairperson of the intelligence committee.
Trump, a Republican, said in a tweet that Democrats were instigating the congressional investigations because they were upset about their Nov. 8 victory over their party's candidate, Hillary Clinton.
"Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!" Trump said.
Trump would not comment further when asked about Flynn during a White House meeting with U.S. manufacturers.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer was asked at a news briefing if they were concerned that Flynn could provide information that could be harmful to the administration and replied, "Nope."
They said Trump wanted Flynn to testify to "get this matter behind us" but declined to say specifically that they should be granted immunity.
"The president is very clear that they want Mike Flynn to go and be completely open and transparent with the committee, and whatever it takes to do that they are supportive of," Spicer said.
DOCUMENT REVIEW
Schiff and an aide went to the White House on Friday at the administration's invitation to review documents that it said support Trump's contention they and their team were subjected to surveillance by the Obama administration during the presidential campaign.
The Republican chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, has been criticized by their colleagues on the panel for their handling of the investigation of possible Russian connections, including going to the White House complex independently to review documents on the purported surveillance.
"While I cannot discuss the content of the documents," Schiff said, "if the White House had any concern over these materials, they should have been shared with the full (House and Senate intelligence) committees in the first place as a part of our ordinary oversight responsibilities."
They said the material should now be given to both congressional intelligence committees.
FBI Director James Comey has said there is no evidence of wiretapping at Trump Tower in New York but that the agency is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
Senator Angus King, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, also said it was too soon to discuss immunity.
A government official with direct knowledge of the case told Reuters that lawyers for Flynn raised the immunity request roughly 10 days ago with representatives of the Senate panel.
Officials told them the committee was not interested in any immunity discussions at that time.
The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Flynn had also sought immunity from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in exchange for testimony.
Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 for failing to disclose talks with Kislyak about U.S. sanctions on Moscow and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations, which occurred before Trump took office.
Congressional committees and the FBI are looking into allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. election campaign.
The Russian government has denied the allegations and denied that it hacked emails of Democratic groups and released information to tip the election toward Trump, who has called for better U.S. relations with Moscow.
King, an independent who caucuses with the Democrats, defended the investigations in a CNN interview.
"This is not a witch hunt," they said. "This is an effort to get to the truth of some very important questions.
"There is no doubt whatsoever that the Russians were behind an effort to interfere in our elections," they said. "To continue to deny that - it just flies in the face of all of the reality."
(Reporting by Susan Heavey, Doina Chiacu, Mark Hosenball, Steve Holland and Patricia Zengerle; Writing by Steve Holland and Bill Trott; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Grant McCool)
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Once the last snowball was thrown and the final snow angel formed on the New Era Field turf, Bills defensive co-ordinator Leslie Frazier trudged to the parking lot, where they discovered their car better resembled a snowdrift.
"It was hard to get out," Frazier acknowledged Monday, a day after a lake-effect storm dumped more than a foot of snow during and after the Bills' 13-7 overtime victory against Indianapolis. "But I enjoyed getting the snow off it because after a win, you know, nothing gets you down."
Even Mother Nature can't bury a Bills team that continues to exceed even the most modest of preseason expectations.
Having already persevered through a major roster purge and persistent questions at quarterback, the Bills now showed they're capable of braving the arctic elements to remain firmly in a convoluted playoff picture. At 7-6, Buffalo is technically the AFC's sixth seed. In actuality, the Bills don't control their own chances due to potential tie-breaking scenarios that would go against them.
After closing their home schedule against Miami on Sunday, the Bills end the season with road games at New England and Miami.
Frazier sees no reason to count Buffalo out yet based on the resolve the team's shown under first-time head coach Sean McDermott.
"Kudos to our players for battling through some difficult moments where they could've easily said, 'Our season's over,'" they said.
"But they are fighting and scratching and clawing to get better," Frazier added. "To battle the way they did yesterday in those conditions and not give in to the elements, that's a big deal."
Frazier's defence did its part. After allowing Indianapolis to tie the game by capping a 19-play, 77-yard drive with 1:16 remaining, the Bills limited the Colts to 21 yards on their only possession in overtime, and forced them to punt with 2:25 left.
The Bills' offence, which had managed six first downs and 219 yards through regulation, responded with a six-play, 65-yard drive that ended with LeSean McCoy's 21-yard touchdown run with 1:33 remaining.
Aaron Carter has left rehab.
The 29-year-old singer checked into a treatment centre to "improve their health and work on their overall wellness" just two weeks ago, but after some unspecified "legal and personal matters" cropped up, they have decided to return home but remains "committed to their wellness".
Their representative, Steve Honig, told The Blast: "Aaron has left the facility where they have been working on their wellness. Several legal and personal matters arose that required their immediate and in-person attention.
"He is still very much committed to their wellness and will be continually working toward being the best person possible."
Aaron's representatives announced on September 22 they had checked into rehab.
They said in a statement "Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve their health and work on their overall wellness.  They are going to do this privately and focus all their attention on being the best person and performer possible.  They are grateful for the support and love from their fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before."
Their decision came after the 'I Want Candy' hitmaker admitted they are "concerned" about their health.
They explained: "I'm concerned about my overall health because people tell me I look like I have AIDs or I look like I have cancer or I look like I'm dying."
RICHMOND, Va. — Thank goodness it didn't stay in Vegas.
An Idaho man says their new 8-week-old puppy appears happy and healthy despite being flown across the country to the wrong airport — landing in Las Vegas and Salt Lake City before finally arriving in their arms Sunday.
Owner Josh Schlaich had vented their frustration with Delta Air Lines on Facebook when the white and brindle puppy failed to arrive on Saturday as scheduled and they were unable to get any answers by phone.
According to Delta, the dog left Richmond, Virginia, and was due to fly into Boise on Saturday evening, connecting in Detroit and Minneapolis. But Delta said the dog wasn't going to make its connecting flight, so it was sent to a kennel in Detroit for the night.
Sunday morning, the puppy was flown to Minneapolis — but then Delta said it “misrouted” the puppy and it ended up in Las Vegas. The puppy was then put on a plane to Salt Lake City, finally making it to Boise on Sunday night.
Delta said the puppy was given food and water and let out of its crate periodically throughout the journey.
In their Facebook post, Schlaich said they received a call from someone at the Delta terminal in Detroit about their dog's whereabouts, but then they got the runaround.
“Was then given the number of the boarding facility — a disconnected line. Was not given a call back number by Detroit person, and the customer service would not give me their direct line. Tried calling Delta Cargo customer service, only to be yelled at by the rep and hung up on. No idea where my dog is, or what conditions he'll be placed under for the next 24 or more hours. Don't know when they will come into Boise tomorrow. No idea who to call. Absolutely ridiculous customer service.”
After Delta responded, Schlaich posted two updates to say the dog was delivered and safe.
“Local Delta reps (in Boise) did their best and were very helpful, but corporate and I will be having a thorough conversation tomorrow,” they wrote.
Schlaich later said Delta was “working hard to make this right.”
In a statement to CNN, Delta said it apologized for the mix-up and has fully refunded the dog's shipping costs and started a review of its procedures.
“We know pets are important members of the family,” the airline said.
It's at least the fourth airline error involving an animal in a week.
On March 12, a French bulldog died on a United Airlines flight from Houston to New York after a flight attendant told its owner to put the dog, in its carrier, in an overhead bin. By the time the flight was over, the dog had died.
A United spokesperson said the passenger told the flight attendant there was a dog in the carrier, but the attendant “did not hear or understand her, and did not knowingly place the dog in the overhead bin.”
Tuesday, United flew a 10-year-old German shepherd to Japan when it was supposed to land in Kansas. The dog was mistakenly switched with a Great Dane that landed in Kansas instead.
Two days later, United diverted a St. Louis-bound flight to Akron, Ohio, when it realized a pet was loaded onto the flight in error.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters are facing delays after a car burst into flames on the M42.
The northbound stretch is closed after a vehicle caught fire on the northbound section of the motorway between J3 and J3A.
Smoke is currently billowing across the carriageway and the emergency services are on the scene.
The burning car is on the hard shoulder and the traffic is managing to get past the scene slowly.
Travel Tom is warning drivers to expect of two hours if anyone is heading in that direction.
Highways England reported: “The #M42 is blocked northbound between J3 and J3A due to a vehicle fire.
“Emergency services are on route to scene, smoke across the carriageway. Please take care on approach, delays are building.”
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – The TSX-V-quoted equity of technology firm E3 Metals Corp jumped on Wednesday following an announcement by the company that it has succeeded in concentrating raw brine from 75 mg/ℓ to 1 206mg/ℓ lithium in less than three hours, while simultaneously removing 99% of the critical metal impurities.
The bench-scale tests were completed by the University of Alberta and was independently verified by CIMIC Group's mineral processing arm Sedgman Canada.
Advertisement
E3, which holds inferred resources of 6.7-million tonnes of lithium carbonate equivalent in brine, conducted six metallurgical tests of its concentration technology on lithium enriched Leduc Formation water (raw brine), from the Exshaw West project area, in Alberta.
The process was able to concentrate the brine up to a factor of 16, and demonstrated lithium recoveries as high as 81%.
Advertisement
E3 says it will work to optimise and scale-up its concentration technology to further improve the lithium concentration and recovery performance. The proprietary concentration technology will form the first of two main extraction steps in the company's lithium production process.
"Development of a simple and effective brine concentration process, which significantly reduces impurities, positions us to begin work on proving the economic and technical viability of the company's large Alberta petro-lithium resource,” comments CEO Chris Doornbos.
“With continued optimisation of the sorbent, we are aiming to achieve enhanced recoveries and higher concentration factors. We are working aggressively towards the next steps required to advance extraction technology for our Alberta petro-lithium project."
The company, in collaboration with the University of Alberta, is now in the process of filing provisional patents to protect the intellectual property associated with its concentration technology.
E3's stock rose as much as 40% on Wednesday to C$0.52 apiece, after crawling sideways since the start of the year.
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for their 2014 film First Kiss, where they invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” they said of their U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
Have your say
A Mansfield man was so drunk they couldn't remember smashing their neighbour's window with a scaffolding pole, a court heard.
Luke King banged on the woman's window on July 27, and they were spoken to by police and appeared to calm down, prosecutor Leanne Townshend said.
“Later they came out with a scaffolding pole and smashed their kitchen window, causing £250 of damage,” they said.
“He told police they couldn't remember anything because they had been drinking since 11am.”
The court heard King's neighbour suffers from anxiety and this incident had made them “fearful.”
King, 27, of Hucklow Court, admitted criminal damage when they appeared before magistrates in Mansfield, on Monday.
The court also heard they were convicted of not paying their television licence, on May 19, 2016, and owed £390.
Rebecca Williams, mitigating, said: “He has no recollection of this incident, however, they accept responsibility and is remorseful for the damage and distress caused.”
They were due to start a trial day of work, but it will begin tomorrow, they said.
King was fined £80, with £250 compensation, but no costs were awarded.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(For accompanying report, click ) SHANGHAI, March 31 The following table shows suggested domestic asset allocations and market outlook provided by eight China-based funds surveyed for a monthly Reuters poll. For accompanying news, click Following are some details of the poll. 1) Suggested asset allocations by eight fund management companies over the next three months (in percent). The funds declined to be identified for their individual forecasts. Totals may not add up to exactly 100 percent due to rounding. FUND STOCKS BONDS CASH A 90 0 10 B 80 0 20 C 80 10 10 D 85 0 15 E 65 20 15 F 95 0 5 G 70 30 0 H 70 0 30 AVG 79.4 7.5 13.1 2) Monthly average recommendations for asset allocation in the next three months. Mar Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept Aug July June May Apr Mar Feb STOCKS 79.4 81.9 82.1 78.1 76.9 72.5 68.1 71.9 76.3 76.9 71.9 69.4 71.3 71.9 BONDS 7.5 6.3 5.0 6.3 3.8 11.3 7.5 8.8 5.6 6.3 7.5 6.3 12.5 10.6 CASH 13.1 11.9 12.9 15.6 19.4 16.3 24.4 19.4 18.1 16.9 20.6 24.4 16.3 17.5 3) Expected changes to asset allocation over the next month. STOCKS BONDS CASH A UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED B UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED C RAISE REDUCE UNCHANGED D UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED E UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED F UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED G RAISE UNCHANGED REDUCE H REDUCE UNCHANGED UNCHANGED 4) Forecasts for Shanghai Composite Index (the index closed down 1 percent at 3,210.24 on March 30) three months from now. Participants have given a range for their forecasts, the average of their range is used to calculate the overall average. FUND A 3,150-3,400 B 3,000-3,400 C 3,400 D 3,000-3,500 E 2,900-3,200 F 3,300-3,500 G 3,200 5) Suggested equity allocation over the next month by sector. A B C D E F G H AUTOS 5 5 15 0 5 0 5 10 CONSUMER NON-DURABLES 20 30 20 40 20 60 30 40 ELECTRONICS & TECHNOLOGY 55 5 5 0 15 40 40 10 FINANCIAL SERVICES 0 20 15 40 15 0 10 0 METALS & METAL PRODUCTS 0 0 0 10 5 0 0 10 REAL ESTATE 0 10 0 0 5 0 5 0 TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE 0 10 25 0 10 0 5 10 ENERGY 0 5 0 10 5 0 0 5 MACHINERY 10 0 10 0 10 0 5 10 OTHER 10 15 10 0 10 0 0 5 6) Monthly average forecasts for equity allocations in the next three months (percent) Mar Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept Aug July June May Apr Mar AUTOS 5.6 4.4 4.3 3.8 2.5 5.3 4.4 7.5 5.0 6.3 5.6 4.4 4.4 CONSUMER 32.5 29.4 30.7 31.9 29.4 29.1 30.6 31.9 30.6 31.3 30.0 33.1 30.6 ELEC/TECH 21.3 16.9 21.4 17.5 18.1 17.5 18.1 17.5 16.3 18.8 18.1 16.3 16.3 FIN SERVS 12.5 16.3 15.7 14.4 20.6 18.1 15.6 11.9 12.5 12.5 16.3 15.0 15.0 METAL/PROD 3.1 6.3 2.9 3.8 3.1 2.5 3.1 3.1 3.8 3.1 3.1 3.8 2.5 PROPERTY 2.5 1.9 2.9 2.5 3.8 4.4 5.0 5.0 6.9 4.4 5.0 7.5 6.3 TRANSPORT 7.5 6.9 5.0 6.3 5.6 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.6 5.6 5.0 6.3 7.5 ENERGY 3.1 5.0 6.4 6.3 3.8 4.4 3.8 3.8 4.4 4.4 4.4 2.5 3.8 MACHINERY 5.6 8.1 5.0 8.1 5.6 5.6 5.6 5.6 6.3 6.9 6.3 6.9 6.3 OTHER 6.3 5.0 5.7 5.6 7.5 8.1 8.8 8.8 8.8 6.9 6.3 4.4 7.5 (Reporting by David Lin, Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(Removes story tag from headline)
NEW YORK, April 13 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said on Thursday that T-Mobile US Inc , Comcast Corp, Dish Network Corp and U.S. Cellular Corp were among the largest buyers of spectrum in an $19.8 billion broadcast airwaves auction.
The FCC said 175 broadcast stations were selling airwaves to 50 wireless and other telecommunications companies. Companies plan to use the spectrum to build new networks or improve existing coverage to meet growing mobile data demands. The FCC did not immediately disclose the amount of spectrum acquired by individual companies. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Richard Chang)
LONDON British motor and home insurer Direct Line Insurance Group reported a 4.2 percent rise in gross written premiums in the first quarter, boosted by strong performance in its auto business, it said on Wednesday.
Gross written premiums rose to 810 million pounds, in line with a forecast by analysts KBW.
Direct Line, whose brands include Churchill, Green Flag and Privilege, said in a statement it continued to target a 2017 combined operating ratio in a 93-95 percent range for continuing operations.
Combined ratio is a measure of underwriting profitability in which a level below 100 percent indicates a profit.
However, performance in home insurance was "challenging", Direct Line said, due to a rise in claims costs.
Gross written premiums fell 3.9 percent in home insurance from a year earlier, compared with an 8.9 percent rise in motor gross written premium.
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
April 9 Hertha Berlin boosted their hopes of playing in European competition next season as John Anthony Brooks and Valentin Stocker scored first-half goals in their 2-0 victory at home to relegation-threatened Augsburg on Sunday.
Hertha dominated the early stages with Brooks heading them into the lead from close range in the 12th minute as the visitors' unconvincing defence failed to clear their lines following a corner.
Pal Dardai's side, who had lost their previous three matches, then extended their advantage in the 37th minute, Stocker tapping home after excellent interplay between captain Vedad Ibisevic and Salomon Kalou.
The win takes Hertha above Freiburg and FC Cologne into fifth on 43 points with six games to play, although they remain seven points behind Borussia Dortmund in the fourth Champions League qualifying position.
Augsburg suffered an injury blow shortly before kick off when Raul Bobadilla tweaked their calf and was replaced in the starting lineup by Alfred Finnbogason.
Lacking any real offensive threat, they remain in a relegation playoff spot on 29 points.
Ingolstadt has the chance of moving one point behind Augsburg if they defeat Darmstadt in the clash between the league's bottom two clubs later on Sunday. (Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ian Chadband)
× The drone vacation that will make you feel like a movie star
Most people don't document vacations with an $8,000 souped-up drone.
Tim Browning is not most people.
Their day job involves working as a concept artist and art director on blockbuster movie sets, including “Spectre,” “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and “Skyfall.”
Their work as a drone operator for National Geographic and BBC means they specialize in getting the best possible equipment to some of the world's most remote destinations.
It comes as no surprise that their side gig is equally cool. As a drone cameraman for Black Tomato, an adventure tour operator that creates tailor-made vacations, Browning tags along on people's holidays five or six times a year.
First, they film trips to places such as Myanmar, New Zealand and Argentina with their super fancy drone, which tilts and pans independently, holds a DSLR camera and has a slew of high-tech flight modes to get just the right shot.
Next, they edit the broadcast-quality footage. When travelers return home, they send them a slick, cinematic mini-movie.
The sky's the limit
For some, it's the ultimate vacation souvenir and the perfect way to continue reliving vacation memories over and over again.
For others, it's about having incredible footage to share on social media. Half the fun of going on holiday, after all, is sharing stories after the fact.
Either way, besides getting blockbuster-quality footage, the other major benefit of having a professional along is that you get sit back and enjoy it all without digging out your phone every 10 minutes.
The pricey version
Black Tomato's “Drone the World” service allows guests to capture the highlights of a trip via a drone photographer, filming guests spending time in exotic locales doing exotic things like snowmobiling across Iceland's Langjökull Glacier, driving 4x4s through Mongolia's Gobi Desert and mastering the art of kung fu in Luoyang, China.
Have your own idea in mind?
There's a good chance Black Tomato can figure out how to make it happen, whether it's a marriage proposal on top of a mountain or a 60th birthday shindig spent on a private yacht in Myanmar, as long as it's a destination that allows drones to operate.
Sounds pricey, right? It is.
Black Tomato trips start from about $2,800 per person, and an average 10-day trip starts at approximately $6,000 per person. Tack on the drone option for an additional $5,500, which includes Browning as a tag-along guest. But more moderately priced options can be arranged, too, if you don't want to shell out that much money.
“Stealth-mode” photo shoots
If you'd prefer to focus on photos rather than video, companies like Flytographer are the way to go.
Flytographer connects travelers with local photographers in more than 200 cities around the world and will arrange planned or “stealth-mode” photo shoots (in the event that you want to surprise someone special) starting at $250 for a 30-minute session.
Travelers meet up with a local photographer, and the camera starts clicking. Five days after the shoot, an online gallery of edited photos appears in your inbox.
“Most customers are celebrating an occasion such as a surprise proposal, honeymoon, anniversary or multi-generation family trip,” says Nicole Smith, Flytographer founder and CEO. “We are also seeing an increase in solo travelers.”
So far they've racked up more than 10,000 shoots and planned more than 1,200 proposals globally. Like Black Tomato, it's all customizable.
For instance, when a couple asked if they could incorporate penguins in their Cape Town photoshoot, Flytographer managed to get the beloved flightless birds in the background.
And when an opera singer wanted to propose in Milan by pretending to be a street performer in front of the Duomo, they captured all of that, too.
“While people are becoming more comfortable taking their own still photography and footage on their phones and cameras, we have seen a desire from clients to professionally capture their adventures,” says Tom Marchant, Black Tomato co-founder.
DIY droning
For those who'd still prefer to do it themselves, the good news is: Drones are more affordable these days and easy to travel with.
Some are so small, in fact, they can fit easily in a jacket pocket.
That said, it comes as no surprise then that the high-flying gadgets are more popular than ever.
“Before drones, the only way you could get an aerial view of something was to rent a helicopter at a rate of $200 every 15 minutes,” says Dirk Dallas, a professional photographer who owns 12 drones and posts to Instagram via @fromwhereidrone.
“Having the ability to fly over a rocky beach cliff or fly 300 feet up over a landscape to see what it looks like from above is still so fresh and untapped that even familiar spots feel new again.”
It's easy to see why loads of people are taking up the hobby from millennials looking for epic Instagram posts to baby boomers who want to explore their surrounding from the comfort of a chair.
In 2017, US dollar sales in the drone category increased 32 percent compared to 2016, according to The NPD Group Retail Tracking Service.
Just another camera?
“Lots of professional photographers and videographers are buying them to add to their toolkit just as if it were another lens for their DSLR camera,” says Dallas.
Keeping a drone in the air is relatively easy. Anyone can do it. The tricky part is getting pro-style footage.
“A good pilot needs to practice flying a lot, so that flying is second nature,” says Dallas. “From there it's important to understand basic photography principles like ISO, aperture, shutter and composition.”
Once you've got that down, you're on your way to mini-movie greatness.
BEIJING, March 30 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , the world's largest lender, said on Thursday it had 2 billion yuan ($290 million) of exposure to Huishan Dairy, whose shares crashed last week over financing worries.
ICBC's Chief Risk Officer, Wang Bairong, made the comments at a briefing after the company released full-year results. They did not elaborate.
Huishan, which saw $4 billion wiped off its shares in a single day last week, said earlier this week that it had missed loan repayments and lost contact with a key executive in charge of its finances and cash.
Huishan grabbed headlines last year when it sold and leased back part of its herd, but its most recent troubles have laid bare risks of excess leverage and financial engineering in unexpected quarters of corporate China.
Earlier this week, Agricultural Bank of China said it had 110 million yuan and HK$150 million in outstanding loans to Huishan Dairy. ($1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Shu Zhang in Beijing; Writing by Clara Ferreira-Marques in Singapore, editing by David Evans)
March 30 JM Financial Ltd
* Says unit Jm Financial Investment managers executed share purchase agreement to buy shares of Spandana Sphoorty Financial
* Says acquisition would result in holding of 6.41 percent in Spandana
* Says deal via secondary purchase in two tranches representing 16.26% of Sphoorty's current outstanding total equity shares
* Says total consideration for proposed acquisition to be INR 810 million
* Says proposed acquisition is for cash Source text: bit.ly/2odD9p4 Further company coverage:
The Salmon Arm Fire Department has responded to a structure fire at approximately 12:30 p.m. near the intersection of Highway 97B and 10th Avenue SE.
Heavy black smoke is emanating from the structure, which is reported to be a barn, and a power line is down in the area.
Highway 97B has been closed at the intersection of 10th Avenue SE and motorists are advised to avoid the area. Fire crews are working on getting traffic moving, and it appears vehicles are moving northbound on the highway but not southbound.
A reporter has been sent to the scene and more information will be provided as it becomes available.
@Jodi_Brak117
jodi.brak@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MONTREAL — Defenceman Victor Mete was loaned by the Montreal Canadiens to Canada's national junior team Monday, a day before its selection camp for the upcoming world championships begins.
Mete will be joining 32 other players at the Meridian Centre in St. Catharines on Tuesday. Hockey Canada will narrow its roster of 18 forwards, 11 defencemen and four goaltenders down to 22 players by Friday.
"We've made the decision to allow Victor Mete to join Team Canada's Selection Camp to give them an opportunity to participate in a very beneficial experience for their development," said Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin. "The World Junior Hockey Championship is a very elite and very competitive tournament, and this can be a very rewarding opportunity for a young player."
Mete is one of six Canadian junior-eligible players in the National Hockey League this season and the first to be loaned to Canada's junior team. Columbus centre Pierre-Luc Dubois, Arizona defenceman Jakob Chychrun, Philadelphia centre Nolan Patrick and Colorado Avalanche defenceman Samuel Girard and centre Tyson Jost are the other eligible players.
WASHINGTON The U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter as consumer spending almost stalled, but a surge in business investment and wage growth suggested activity would regain momentum as the year progresses.
The soft patch at the start of the year is bad news for the Trump administration's ambitions to significantly boost growth.
"It marks a rough start to the administration's high hopes of achieving 3 percent or better growth; this is not the kind of news it was looking for to cap its first 100 days in office," said Sal Guatieri, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.
Gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate also as the government further cut defense spending and businesses spent less on inventories, the Commerce Department said on Friday in its advance estimate. That was the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014.
The pedestrian first-quarter growth pace is, however, not a true picture of the economy's health. Wage growth in the first quarter was the fastest in 10 years as the labor market nears full employment and business investment on equipment was the strongest since the third quarter of 2015.
Also underscoring the economy's underlying strength, consumer and business confidence are near multi-year highs. First-quarter GDP tends to underperform because of difficulties with the calculation of data that the government has acknowledged and is working to rectify.
Prices for U.S. Treasuries were narrowly mixed. The dollar was little changed while U.S. stocks were trading marginally lower.
President Donald Trump has pledged to raise annual growth to 4 percent through infrastructure spending, tax cuts and deregulation. On Wednesday, the White House proposed a tax plan that includes cutting the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, but offered no details.
WAGE GROWTH ACCELERATING
Economists are skeptical that fiscal stimulus, if it materializes, will fire up the economy given weak productivity and labor shortages in some areas. They see growth just above 2 percent this year.
"The cupboard is bare when companies need to hire skilled labor. You can't build American if you can't find any American workers to put on your shop floor," said Christopher Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York.
Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, braked to a 0.3 percent rate, the slowest pace since the fourth quarter of 2009. That followed the fourth quarter's robust 3.5 percent growth rate.
A mild winter undercut demand for heating and utilities production. Higher inflation, with the personal consumption expenditures price index averaging 2.4 percent - the highest since the second quarter of 2011 - was also a drag.
Spending also took a hit from government delays issuing income tax refunds to combat fraud.
In a separate report on Friday, the Labor Department said private sector wages jumped 0.9 percent in the first quarter, the largest increase in 10 years, after rising 0.5 percent in the fourth quarter.
With wage growth, business investment and inflation firming, economists believe Federal Reserve officials will look past the weak first-quarter GDP when they meet next week.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen has previously described quarterly GDP as "noisy." The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. It is not expected to raise interest rates next Wednesday.
"There is enough reason to doubt the growth slowdown for the Fed to stay the course on tightening, especially with a bigger-than-expected pop in employment costs," said Chris Low, chief economist at FTN Financial in New York.
Businesses accumulated inventories at a rate of $10.3 billion in the last quarter, down from $49.6 billion in the October-December period. Inventories subtracted 0.93 percentage point from GDP growth.
Government spending on defense declined at a 4.0 percent pace, the biggest fall since the fourth quarter of 2014 and second quarterly drop.
Business spending on equipment accelerated at a 9.1 percent rate in the first quarter thanks to rising oil prices. Spending on mining exploration, wells and shafts surged at a record 449 percent rate. That led to spending on nonresidential structures rebounding at a 22.1 percent pace, the fastest in three years.
Investment in home building increased for a second quarter while rising exports narrowed the trade deficit.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OTTAWA, April 20 Lending activity to small Canadian businesses dipped in February, though borrowing by medium-sized firms rose for the fourth month in a row on strength in the construction sector and oil-related provinces, data showed on Thursday.
The PayNet Small Business Lending Index declined to 116.1 from 117.2 in January, while the gauge for medium business lending rose to 232.8 from 230.9, the highest level since January 2016.
The mild pullback for small businesses and the relatively low delinquency rate suggests companies will be poised to take advantage of stronger economic growth when it comes, said PayNet President Bill Phelan.
"They're not finding a lot of organic economic growth but they're not risking a lot, they're not putting a lot of new capital to work," Phelan said. "They're maintaining their financial resources until the day they find some more growth."
Canada was hurt in 2015 by the sharp drop in the price of oil, a major export, but stronger economic data recently has suggested the economy may be turning a corner. At the same time, oil has recovered to trade around $50 a barrel.
In oil-producing Alberta, the index of loan originations rose to 167.1 from 166.4. Activity in Saskatchewan, which is also sensitive to commodity prices, increased to 261.2 from 260.6.
Activity in the construction sector rose to 135.4 from 133.6. Housing activity in Ontario, British Columbia and Quebec gave the sector a lift, Phelan said.
The number of small businesses that were 30 days behind on their loans held steady at 1.11 percent, while those that were 90 days or more late remained unchanged at 0.35 percent. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
FILE PHOTO: A Japanese Air Self Defense Force F-15 fighter scrambles at the Air Self Defense Force Naha base in Naha, Okinawa prefecture, Japan, in this photo taken by Kyodo April 13, 2015. Kyodo/via REUTERS
TOKYO Japan's air force scrambled fighter jets to chase away foreign aircraft at record pace in the year to March 31, government figures showed on Thursday, as Chinese military activity in and around the East China Sea escalated.
Japan worries that China's probing of its air defences is part of a push to extend its military influence in the East China Sea and western Pacific, where Japan controls an island chain stretching 1,400 km (870 miles) south towards Taiwan.
"Recently we have seen Chinese military aircraft operating further south and that is bringing them closer to the main Okinawa island and other parts of the island chain," Japan's top military commander, Admiral Katsutoshi Kawano, told a briefing in Tokyo.
Okinawa is home to the biggest concentration of U.S. Marine Corp forces outside the United States, hosting the bulk of the roughly 50,000 U.S. military personnel stationed in Japan.
Japan's Air Self Defence Force reported its fighters scrambled 1,168 times over the 12 months, up from 873 last year. A record 851 jets headed off approaching Chinese planes, or 280 more instances than in the corresponding period last year.
The new figure was also well above the previous high of 944 incidents in 1984, when Russian, rather than Chinese, aircraft triggered most of the scrambles.
The uptick in Chinese activity has contributed to rising tension in East Asia since the start of the year as North Korea pushes ahead with ballistic missile and nuclear bomb tests that have stoked fears in Japan, the United States and elsewhere.
Japan's navy plans joint drills around the East China Sea with the U.S. Navy's Carl Vinson carrier strike group, as it steams towards the Korean peninsula, two sources told Reuters.
Encounters with Russian aircraft, which are often bombers flying from the north that skirt around Japan's airspace, rose 4.5 percent, to 301 scrambles.
(Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo and Tim Kelly; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
SKAL Restaurant Group is planning a roof top deck for its Evarito's Mexican Kitchen & Bar, under construction at 14-16 Main St.
SKAL Restaurant Group is planning a roof top deck for its Evarito's Mexican Kitchen & Bar, under construction at 14-16 Main St.
Image 2 of 23 Buy photos
The fox logo of Evarito's greets passersby in December 2017 at the corner of Washington Street and North Main Street.
The fox logo of Evarito's greets passersby in December 2017 at the corner of Washington Street and North Main Street.
Photo: Alexander Soule / Hearst Connecticut Media
Announcing the launch of our new logo and our web site redesign
End
-- Project FIND is pleased to announce the launch of its new logo and web site redesign, the rebranding is the first for the organization since its founding in 1969.From its start Project FIND has pioneered an innovative model of independent housing for older New Yorkers. The organization understood early in its history the concept of housing as health care and its residences have social services available in the building which are co-located with community centers. These integrated supports enable older adults to live healthy, independent lives for as long as possible in the communities they know."We were looking for a strong new visual identity that brings together the dynamic nature of the organization's name and the reality of our work" says Executive Director David Gillcrist, "A logo that puts the FIND in our name, front and center! We think of the act of discovery as a central part of the organization's work, as we aim to constantly develop our housing options and our healthy and creative aging programs"Working with award winning designer and brand developer, Atif Toor, board and staff members engaged in a research and discussion process exploring the organization's history and how to best convey the future of Project FIND's work across Manhattan. The new logo deploys an angled roof supported by a global curve to convey Project FIND mission of providing of a secure home in a changing world. The logo' s optimistic color palette speaks directly to the blue sky thinking and green future that Project FIND sees as key to enriching aging lives, strengthening communities and ensuring a brighter future for people of all ages and for generations to come.If you have used the Project FIND logo in any of your marketing materials, please assist us in updating them. We appreciate your kind support and invite you to follow our new Project FIND Logo Guidelines that are available from our Communications team.Project FIND has pioneered from its early years the concept of supportive housing co-located with services and has found this model to be extremely conducive to aging well. Today Project FIND owns and operates three exemplary senior residences, two on the Upper West Side and one in midtown, housing a total of 600 seniors, as well as four senior centers, serving over 750 people daily. Every day thousands of older adults on Manhattan's West Side find food, shelter and community through Project FIND's centers and activities. Our holiday meals offer warmth and companionship. Our residential buildings supply affordable housing. You can drop in and visit computer labs, take a cooking class, pick up a chess game or visit a social worker for help with benefits. http://www.projectfind.org
“We are not playing politics with this,” they also said. “This is a real issue that real women are facing.”
The government held consultations on the bill during the summer, and the legislation already has the support of women's groups — a number attended Wednesday's announcement, including Planned Parenthood Toronto, whose only suggestion was stronger penalties for offenders.
For the Liberals, dragging out the issue could help highlight divisions among PC MPPs, a handful of whom oppose abortion. However, PC Leader Patrick Brown said they are pro-choice and their party supports the legislation.
The PCs were quick to name a few Liberals who'd been endorsed by anti-abortion group Campaign Life Coalition.
Should the government itself propose unanimous consent on the bill in the coming weeks, MacLeod said the PCs will support it.
“My view was you've consulted, this has been an issue, let's get on with it,” MacLeod said, adding “I guess I ended up calling their bluff.”
The government bill sets out abortion “safe zones” of at least 50 metres — and up to 150 metres — around clinics, and 150 metres around the homes of doctors and staff who work in clinics. Hospitals that provide abortions or pharmacies and clinics that dispense the abortion pill — now provided free in the province — can also apply for protection.
Offenders face fines starting at $5,000 and six months in jail for a first offence.
Naqvi said the legislation was prompted by a recent increase in anti-abortion activities, and on Wednesday they spoke emotionally about one incident at a clinic in their own riding where a woman was spat on as they made their way inside.
Campaign Life has already said it opposes the proposed law, calling it a “direct attack on (protesters) freedom of speech, expression and assembly.”
– With files from Rob Ferguson
Toronto Star
The logo of EDF is seen on the company tower at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
PARIS EDF's board approved a motion on Thursday that leaves the French utility more leeway on whether to close its oldest nuclear plant, the Fessenheim site on the Franco-German border, a CGT union official told Reuters on Thursday.
Earlier on Thursday, EDF's board had decided not to vote through a first motion that would have closed the ageing plant for good.
A source at EDF said the second motion had approved the principle of closing Fessenheim but only under two conditions: the start of production of a new nuclear plant in Flamanville, Normandy and if nuclear production remains below a ceiling set by law.
Energy Minister Segolene Royal said that meant Fessenheim's closure was "irreversible".
But the CGT union official, Laurent Langlard, disagreed. "In concrete terms, Fessenheim continues to operate in 2017, it continues to operate in 2018, and we'll see when Flamanville starts producing which unit is disconnected from the grid. But it won't necessarily be Fessenheim," they told Reuters.
Langlard said the law setting the nuclear production ceiling could be changed after a new president is voted in May.
(Reporting by Michel Rose and Cyril Altmeyer; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Scores from the U.S. PGA Tour Heritage Classic at the par-71 course on Saturday in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina -13 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 68 67 65 -12 Graham DeLaet (Canada) 65 67 69 -11 Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 72 64 66 Webb Simpson (U.S.) 66 68 68 -10 Ian Poulter (Britain) 66 68 69 -9 William McGirt (U.S.) 68 68 68 Luke Donald (Britain) 65 67 72 Wesley Bryan (U.S.) 69 67 68 -8 J.J. Spaun (U.S.) 67 72 66 Tyrrell Hatton (Britain) 69 68 68 Nick Taylor (Canada) 69 66 70 Ollie Schniederjans (U.S.) 68 68 69 -7 Billy Hurley III (U.S.) 69 71 66 Bud Cauley (U.S.) 63 72 71 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 70 66 70 -6 Peter Malnati (U.S.) 71 69 67 Brian Harman (U.S.) 71 70 66 Brian Gay (U.S.) 68 70 69 Chad Campbell (U.S.) 69 69 69 -5 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 69 69 70 Rafael Campos (Puerto Rico) 68 70 70 Ryan Palmer (U.S.) 68 73 67 Patton Kizzire (U.S.) 72 66 70 Adam Hadwin (Canada) 71 66 71 Branden Grace (South Africa) 68 71 69 Russell Knox (Britain) 70 66 72 Brandt Snedeker (U.S.) 69 68 71 Francesco Molinari (Italy) 67 71 70 Blayne Barber (U.S.) 71 68 69 Cameron Smith (Australia) 67 70 71 -4 Harold Varner III (U.S.) 67 72 70 David Hearn (Canada) 70 70 69 Hideto Tanihara (Japan) 67 70 72 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 75 66 68 Sam Saunders (U.S.) 65 70 74 Jason Bohn (U.S.) 67 72 70 Daniel Summerhays (U.S.) 73 66 70 Derek Fathauer (U.S.) 72 67 70 Andrew Johnston (Britain) 68 71 70 Johnson Wagner (U.S.) 70 69 70 Tyrone Van Aswegen (South Africa) 70 70 69 Graeme McDowell (Britain) 72 68 69 -3 Rod Pampling (Australia) 69 72 69 K.J. Choi (Korea) 69 71 70 Russell Henley (U.S.) 66 73 71 Boo Weekley (U.S.) 72 69 69 Martin Laird (Britain) 69 70 71 Zachary Blair (U.S.) 70 70 70 Alex Cejka (Germany) 71 66 73 Ryan Blaum (U.S.) 71 69 70 Bryce Molder (U.S.) 73 67 70 Shane Lowry (Ireland) 66 75 69 -2 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 70 70 71 Marc Leishman (Australia) 68 69 74 Jonas Blixt (Sweden) 69 70 72 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 67 73 71 Mark Anderson (U.S.) 69 70 72 Danny Lee (New Zealand) 66 72 73 Lucas Glover (U.S.) 72 68 71 Martin Kaymer (Germany) 68 69 74 Fabian Gomez (Argentina) 74 67 70 Brian Stuard (U.S.) 69 71 71 -1 Matt Kuchar (U.S.) 68 71 73 Kyle Stanley (U.S.) 71 70 71 Ben Crane (U.S.) 66 74 72 Kevin Na (U.S.) 70 69 73 Anirban Lahiri (India) 67 70 75 Steve Marino (U.S.) 69 71 72 0 Yuta Ikeda (Japan) 70 71 72 Pan Cheng Tsung (Chinese Taipei) 71 69 73 1 Trey Mullinax (U.S.) 73 68 73 Vaughn Taylor (U.S.) 71 70 73 2 Mark Hubbard (U.S.) 70 71 74 3 Pat Perez (U.S.) 68 67 81
Philpott also spoke Thursday of the case of Ileen Kooneeliusie, a 15-year-old Inuk girl who died in an Ottawa hospital with tuberculosis.
"We hear of the stories of an individual, it often makes those statistics become real," they said.
"When you hear the stories of a 15-year girl who died in this city in 2017 from tuberculosis, it awakens you to the very serious injustices that still exist."
Kooneeliusie's death clearly speaks to many of the challenges faced by Canada's Inuit who often have to overcome barriers, including geography, to access care, Philpott added.
"People have to overcome language barriers. There are severe shortages of nurses and other health professionals in the areas that are worst affected," they said.
"Now is the time to develop a very aggressive strategy to eliminate tuberculosis in Inuit."
Ottawa has also vowed to take steps to address the painful history of Inuit who experienced relocations and mistreatment during the tuberculosis epidemic of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
"This is an essential part of the overarching work that we will be doing on tuberculosis elimination and it is also a central part in the reconciliation framework that must exist between Indigenous Peoples and the Canadian government," Philpott said.
The Canadian Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD, Va. -- Chesterfield County's new School Safety Task Force met for the first time Tuesday.
The group is made up of citizen appointees, including students and parents, as well as leaders from around the region and state. Brian Moran, the Virginia Secretary for Public Safety and Homeland Security is also on the task force.
School board member Dianne Smith helped create the task force, and members were appointed from each of the county's five magisterial districts. The School Board accepted applications from community members to serve on the School Safety Task Force and Working Groups.
“It's to review the protocol and to review best practices that are now in place that we want to see either revised or destabilized moving forward,” Smith said.
A student at James River High School said they would like to see the school system address mental illness.
“I really think the task force would benefit from listening to the students and understanding that there are so many preventative steps that can be taken before reaching those crisis points, so I definitely think addressing the needs of teenage mental illness and of general student support services,” Morgan Rhudy said.
There are several working groups in the task force. One focuses on partnership between Chesterfield Police and schools, with a dialogue around subject like the role of School Resource Officers. Another working group will focus on the strategy of school safety, including critical incident planning, security cameras and a video doorbell entrance system.
The next task force meeting is May 23. You can read more here.
HONG KONG, April 28 (IFR) - Asian credits moved sideways Friday ahead of month-end with trading continuing to concentrate on new issues.
The iTraxx Asia investment-grade index was largely flat and indicated at 93bp/94bp.
"Recent heavy new issues supply and tight pricings have roiled market sentiment. New issues, in general, have not performed well," a Hong-based trader from a Chinese bank said.
China Southern Power Grid overnight managed to price its debut US$1.5bn dual-tranche dollar bond offering despite coming right after a jumbo US$5bn four-tranche new issue from larger peer State Grid Corporation of China a day earlier.
Southern Grid's newly priced five-year bonds traded flat in the secondary market while its 10-year bonds traded 2bp-3bp tighter.
State Grid's new bonds regained about 1bp-2bp Friday from yesterday, but were still wider than their reoffer levels.
Performance of other new issues was mixed with bonds from China Minsheng Banking's Hong Kong branch trading 3bp-4bp wider while Suncorp-Metway traded 2bp tighter.
In high yield, SOCAM Development's newly issued 6.25% three-year bonds gained and were trading at a cash price of 100.6/100.7.
Chinese aluminium producer China Hongqiao's 7.625% 2017s were flat and its 6.875% 2018s were bid at 97.40 versus 97.125 late yesterday, despite Fitch downgrading its ratings by two notches to B+ from BB with Rating Watch Negative outlook.
Hongqiao's management has commented in a media interview that the group has sufficient funds to redeem the US$400m 2017s due on June 26.
Lucror Analytics maintained "not recommended" on Hongqiao notes due to corporate governance risk.
(Reporting by Carol Chan; Editing by Vincent Baby)
FILE PHOTO: Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven speaks at a news conference at Rosenbad after a terror attack on Drottninggatan where several people were killed and injured after a truck crashed into a department store Ahlens, in central Stockholm, Sweden, April 7, 2017. Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via REUTERS/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven looks at flowers laid for the victims as they visit the crime scene, April 8, 2017, the day after a hijacked beer truck plowed into pedestrians on Drottninggatan and crashed into Ahlens department store, in central Stockholm, Sweden. TT News Agency/Jonas Ekstromer via REUTERS /File Photo
Abdi Dahir, who moved to Sweden from Somalia as a child and was attacked later in the night after the truck attack, poses for a picture in Stockholm, Sweden, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Johan Ahlander
STOCKHOLM Hours after the truck attack that killed four people in the heart of Stockholm, Muslim taxi driver Abdi Dahir found themselves in a suffocating choke-hold from a man sitting in the back seat.
Struggling to breathe, Dahir, who moved to Sweden from Somalia as a child, felt they could die too, at the hands of an angry passenger who blamed the country's openness to Muslim immigrants for the attack that afternoon.
"We have done everything for everyone, we have given them mosques, we have given them everything but they kill our own people. Then we'll kill them," the man growled at Dahir before grabbing them around the neck, according to an audio recording of the assault.
Dahir, who recorded part of the conversation on their cell phone, said they had also activated a concealed alarm, prompting police to intervene. Stockholm police said they were investigating the incident.
"I tried to work, but I'm too nervous to have anyone sitting behind me in the car," said Dahir, their voice still hoarse.
Anti-Muslim anger is putting the Nordic country's deep-rooted liberal traditions to the test, after a man hijacked a beer truck and rammed it into a busy downtown pedestrian mall.
At the time of the attack, the suspect, 39-year-old Rakhmat Akilov from Uzbekistan, had applied for asylum but had been rejected and faced an expulsion order, making them one of more than 12,000 people wanted for deportation in Sweden. In court on Tuesday their lawyer said they had confessed to a terrorist crime.
Europe's most welcoming nation to asylum seekers has tightened immigration policy in recent years and is considering new measures after Friday's attack, including better policing of deportation orders and banning membership of terrorist groups.
It is also bracing for rising intolerance and hate crimes.
"I'm quite worried about the political climate," said Mohamed Nuur, 25, a local politician from the ruling Social Democrat party who represents constituents in Rinkeby, a sprawling area of apartment blocks largely planned and built for workers in Sweden's progressive heyday of the late 1960s.
It is part of a belt of heavily immigrant neighbourhoods that ring Stockholm. Drab grey terrace houses line the streets where small shops advertise halal products in both Arabic and Swedish. Many women there wear head scarves when they go out.
"We already see manipulated images spread by Nazis and others who want to spread hateful messages," said Nuur, a Muslim of Somali decent.
Rinkeby has seen trouble such as riots among disaffected youths, but it looks well kept compared to many of the more run-down areas around major cities in Europe.
In Rinkeby metro station, Refa Jafari, a slight 23-year-old in a black baseball cap who came to Sweden as an unaccompanied minor from Afghanistan in 2010, stood handing out free SIM cards for a mobile operator.
"I will try to prove to Swedes that all people who have black hair are not Muslim and that all Muslims are not terrorists. We have been suffering the very same problem in our own countries," they said. "That is why we are here."
WHITE POWER
Fearing reprisals, Sweden's Security Police are stepping up surveillance of white supremacist groups.
"There is talk of taking revenge, of using violence, or a threat of violence, to show that we are angry about what has happened here," security police chief Anders Thornberg told local TV. Suspected right-wing extremists have planted bombs at asylum centres in the past, they noted.
Sweden, a country of 10 million people, has received around 700,000 asylum seekers since the end of the 1990s. In 2015, when hundreds of thousands of migrants entered the EU across the Balkans, Sweden took in a record 163,000, more than any other European Union member relative to the size of its population.
That huge migration wave from two years ago has since subsided after the EU reached a deal with Turkey to take back refugees and other migrants that cross illegally. But it caused soul-searching in Sweden, where the government tightened residency rules, cut benefits and imposed more border controls.
Support has grown for the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats, which opinion polls rank as the second biggest party behind Prime Minister Stefan Lofven's Social Democrats.
"We've not been taken seriously, maybe even a bit ridiculed, and I hope we can leave that behind us now," Sweden Democrats Vice Chairman Julia Kronlid told Reuters after the attack.
By far the biggest act of terrorism in the Nordic region was carried out not by an immigrant but by an anti-immigration fanatic, Anders Breivik, who killed 77 people in 2011 in an Oslo bomb attack and shooting rampage at a Norwegian summer camp.
Although hostility to immigration is still a political taboo for most mainstream political parties in the region, calls to shut the door are growing louder.
An hour after last week's attack, Christian Tybring-Gjedde, a lawmaker from Norway's ruling populist Progress Party, accused Lofven in a Facebook post of "implementing Europe's most irresponsible, naive and culturally self-destructive immigration policy".
Back in February, U.S. president Donald Trump attacked Sweden's immigration record, tweeting: "Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!".
Last week, before the truck attack, members of a vigilante anti-immigration group, Soldiers of Odin, which has expanded from Finland to the Nordics and Baltics, entered the gates of Al-Azhar, a Muslim school in Vallingby, a suburb near Rinkeby.
Assistant school head Roger Lindquist told Reuters two men had walked around the school yard days before the attack, taking photos of students and putting up stickers with their emblem. The school had felt compelled to hire security guards, they said.
"Why do they hate us? Why do they want to harm us and why do they want to shut down our school?" they said.
Sweden's liberal tradition is far from defeated, however.
Friday's truck attack prompted countless acts of generosity and solidarity and brought thousands of people onto the streets of central Stockholm in a show of unity against violence and extremism on Sunday.
"It was fantastic. A sea of people that came together and showed love, all kinds of people. That is what Sweden is about, and that is how we must keep it," said Juma Lomani, 32, who came to Sweden as a 19-year-old from Afghanistan and now works for an organisation helping young refugees adapt to Swedish society.
(Additional reporting by Niklas Pollard, Johannes Hellstrom, Simon Johnson, Philip O'Connor and Johan Sennero in Stockholm, Stine Jacobsen and Teis Jensen in Copenhagen, and Terje Solsvik in Oslo; Writing by Niklas Pollard; Editing by Mark Bendeich and Peter Graff)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Holy Stone Healthcare Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to issue 7 million new shares at T$15 per share for working capital supplement
* 10 percent of the new shares to be offered to the co's employees and 90 percent to be offered to the existing shareholders
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9ZBbsF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SIDNEY – A nip-and-tuck beginning to Saturday's game gave way to Arcanum controlling the second half on its way to a 57-39 win at Lehman Catholic.
Through the first 15 minutes of Saturday's game neither team led by more than 3 points, but Arcanum scored the final 7 points of the first half to take a 27-21 lead into the halftime break. That cushion was enough for the Trojans as they led throughout the entire second half then pulled away in the fourth quarter.
“This was a great bounce-back game for us after a tough one on Thursday night at Tri-Village,” Arcanum girls basketball coach Matt Grote said. “We knew they would be a physical team, they're going to give you a game all the way around, and our girls handled it great. Took care of the basketball when we needed to, played good solid defense, just a great team win today.”
The first quarter was back and forth with eight lead changes. Elle Siculan, Kayla O'Daniel, Gracie Garno and Lexi Unger each made baskets that momentarily gave the Trojans the lead in the opening quarter, but at the end of the period they trailed 15-13.
Lehman held a slim lead late in the second quarter when Arcanum began to take control. With less than two minutes remaining in the half O'Daniel made a free throw to tie the score at 21-21 then 22 seconds later they made a basket to put the Trojans up 23-21.
O'Daniel scored again with 55 seconds remaining in the half to give Arcanum a 25-21 lead, the largest lead for either team up to that point. Then with five seconds remaining in the half Elliana Sloan scored to put the Trojans up 27-21 entering halftime.
“We started to defend a little more,” Grote said of their team's strong play at the end of the first half. “It was a pretty high-scoring first quarter. Got a little more points on the board in the second then we just buckled down and got some turnovers for us and we converted, which was awesome. It helped us out a lot pushing into halftime, especially the big basket at the end of the half – Elle Siculan finding Elliana Sloan … that was a big play.”
The momentum remained with Arcanum in the opening minutes of the second half. The Trojans increased their lead to 36-23 midway through the third quarter, and at the end of the period they led 40-33.
Facing a double-digit deficit, Lehman had to start pressing on defense. That allowed Arcanum's post players to get in front of the defense and score easy baskets. Camille Pohl was a big beneficiary, scoring 15 points in the second half to help lead the Trojans to the 57-39 win.
“I was glad we took care of the ball,” Grote said. “We had our head up then like you said our post players down low were really the beneficiary. They shared the ball back and forth. I thought Kayla finished great around the rim, and obviously Camille did, too. They both had really good second halves.”
O'Daniel led Arcanum with a game-high 16 points on Saturday. Also for the Trojans, Pohl scored 15 points, Garno scored 10, Unger scored 7, Sloan scored 4, Siculan scored 3, and Sydney Artz scored 2.
Grace Monnin led Lehman with 16 points. Also for the Cavaliers, Alanna O'Leary scored 8 points, Lauren McFarland scored 5, Brogan McIver scored 4, Carly Edwards scored 3, Allison Bornhorst scored 2, and Rylie McIver scored 1.
Arcanum improved to 11-9 overall with Saturday's win. The Trojans will return to action on Tuesday at Russia.
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2337.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2355.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2357.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2361.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2376.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2382.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2389.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2392.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2406.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Arcanum's Camille Pohl looks to take a shot during a girls basketball game against Lehman Catholic on Saturday in Sidney. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Camille-Pohl-WEB.jpg Arcanum's Camille Pohl looks to take a shot during a girls basketball game against Lehman Catholic on Saturday in Sidney. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
NEW YORK, April 29 Puerto Rico's government presented a debt restructuring offer late on Friday that could repay as much as 77 percent of general obligation (GO) bonds and 58 percent of tax-backed bonds, but both bondholder groups quickly rejected it early on Saturday.
The plan comes ahead of a Monday deadline to reach a debt-cutting agreement before creditors can sue Puerto Rico over defaults. The U.S. territory, shouldering $70 billion in debt it cannot pay, could also file an in-court debt workout akin to U.S. bankruptcy.
The island's largest and highest-priority debt classes, accounting for more than half the total, are GO debt guaranteed by Puerto Rico's constitution, and so-called COFINA debt, backed by sales tax revenue.
Both groups believe their legal protections to be sacrosanct, and are litigating against each other for top priority.
Puerto Rico's proposal would appear to treat GO debt more favorably, threatening COFINA holders with much smaller recoveries if they reject the plan.
Under its proposal, Puerto Rico would issue $16.75 billion of new senior bonds and $10 billion in "cash flow bonds," essentially a growth bond, payable only if the island exceeds fiscal targets.
GO holders would get $9.8 billion of the senior bonds, recouping them a guaranteed 52 cents on the dollar, as well as $4.7 billion of the conditional cash flow bond, which could up their recoveries to 77 cents.
COFINA holders, meanwhile, would get $6.9 billion of the senior bond and $3.3 billion of the cash flow bond - a recovery of up to 58 percent - but only if they accept the deal. Otherwise, Puerto Rico would repay senior COFINA holders with $450 million in short-term notes, while junior COFINA holders would get nothing.
Matt Rodrigue, a financial adviser to senior COFINA holders, called the plan "absurd," saying in an interview it disregards the priority of senior COFINA holders over junior ones, and could threaten the wellbeing of average Puerto Ricans because COFINA debt is widely held by locals.
"This is a misfire" by Puerto Rico's government and its advisers, Rodrigue said.
Andrew Rosenberg, a lawyer for a key GO bondholder group, said in a statement the plan was "not a credible starting point for negotiations."
Debt from Puerto Rican public agencies, like its highway and infrastructure authorities, would recover less than 30 cents on the dollar under the plan, and only in the form of conditional cash flow bonds. (Reporting by Nick Brown, Editing by Franklin Paul)
April 13 Taylor Devices Inc
* Taylor devices announces third quarter and nine months results
* Q3 sales $5.673 million versus $8.326 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.10 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Naspers Limited:
* Update on Media24 proprietary limited competition appeal court ruling announcement
* Competition Commission has decided to recommend merger filing for approval to competition tribunal
* Competition commission recommendation subject to condition that Media24 divest itself of the majority of its shareholding in Novus
* Competition Commission recommendation allows Media24 to retain a non-controlling minority stake in novus of 19 pct
* Merger condition, including proposed 19 pct, remains subject to final approval of competition tribunal
* Competition tribunal approves merger condition, media24 will unbundle the majority of its shareholding in novus to shareholders of naspers
* Naspers will provide further details of unbundling to shareholders at appropriate time. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Saturday extended its support to 81-year-old former Union Minister and senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha, who is on a sit-in here to fight for the rights of displaced farmers in Madhya Pradesh.Alok Agarwal, AAP convenor of Madhya Pradesh, reached out to Sinha in Narsinghpur on the third day of their sit-in.Agarwal declared full support of their party to the senior BJP leader, who is spending the winter nights under the open sky.Cases have been filed against the farmers, who were displaced due to an NTPC project, as they resorted to demonstration after promises made to them were not fulfilled.
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 22/4/17 Tottenham's Dele Alli shakes hands with Chelsea's Victor Moses at the end of the match Reuters / Hannah McKay Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 22/4/17 Tottenham's Dele Alli in action with Chelsea's David Luiz, Cesar Azpilicueta and N'Golo Kante Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 22/4/17 Chelsea manager Antonio Conte blows kisses to the fans at the end of the game Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 22/4/17 Tottenham's Dele Alli applauds the fans at the end of the match Reuters / Hannah McKay Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 22/4/17 Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas celebrates at the end of the game Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON Late goals from Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic settled a rip-roaring FA Cup semi-final 4-2 in Chelsea's favour over title rivals Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley on Saturday.
It was only the fourth time in the famous old knockout competition that a semi-final had featured the current top two in the top flight and it did not disappoint.
Brazilian Willian, surprisingly selected ahead of Hazard in the starting line-up, twice put Chelsea ahead in a sizzling contest, first after four minutes with a free kick and then close to halftime from the penalty spot.
Twice Tottenham roared back with Harry Kane heading them level after 18 minutes and fellow England international Dele Alli making it 2-2 with a superb finish in the 52nd minute.
Tottenham, who are four points behind Chelsea in the Premier League after a brilliant run of seven successive wins, dominated at times but their hopes of a first FA Cup final since 1991 were sunk late on by two moments of magic.
First Hazard, who replaced Willian, buried a low shot past Hugo Lloris after 75 minutes, then Matic's 25-metre piledriver sank Spurs who have won only one of their last nine matches at Wembley and have lost seven straight FA Cup semi-finals.
It was a huge win for Chelsea who have wobbled lately with two league defeats and they will face either Arsenal or Manchester City in the final when a "double" could be on offer.
"I am proud for this achievement," Chelsea boss Antonio Conte told reporters. "This is my first season in England and it is great to fight for the title and reach the final of the FA Cup."
After a resounding ovation for former England defender and Tottenham's Under-23 coach Ugo Ehiogu who died on Friday the semi-final did not take long to ignite.
Chelsea, with Diego Costa also on the bench, settled quickly and struck first.
Spurs defender Toby Alderweireld was fortunate to escape a red card when their desperate tackle ended Pedro's marauding run, but greater punishment was exacted by Willian who curled a beautiful free kick past a flat-footed Lloris.
Chelsea swarmed around the pitch threatening a second goal but their lead lasted only 13 minutes.
DELICATE HEADER
Christian Eriksen's corner was blocked but when the ball came back to the Dane they curled in a low cross and Kane, almost kneeling, feathered a delicate header beyond Thibaut Courtois for their 26th goal of the season.
As Tottenham assumed control Eric Dier went close to giving them the lead with a glancing header from Jan Vertonghen's teasing delivery that floated wide.
Chelsea regained the lead out of the blue.
Eating up the ground on a forward run N'Golo Kante slipped a ball towards the overlapping Victor Moses down the right and they were sent sprawling to the turf by Son Heung-min, playing as a left wing back, who needlessly slid in.
After a short delay referee Martin Atkinson pointed to the penalty spot and Willian rammed it past Lloris.
Tottenham hit back in brilliant fashion seven minutes after the break when Eriksen's teasing ball left Luiz floundering and Alli stole in to stab the ball high past Courtois.
Conte then played their trump card.
Costa and Hazard came on and it was Hazard who stunned Tottenham when they were allowed to much space to fire home after fellow substitute Cesc Fabregas's corner was only half cleared.
Matic then sent Chelsea's fans into ecstasy with an unstoppable fourth.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
'Giles championed the ordinary, which proved an inexhaustible source of inspiration'
‘George' I said, ‘Christmas Eve. What better time to ask our new neighbours round for a drink and meet Mummy', 1974, by Ronald ‘Carl' Giles (1916-95), 93⁄4in by 6½in, Daily Express. Credit: British Cartoon Archive
Helen Oxenbury says:
Giles championed the ordinary, which proved an inexhaustible source of inspiration. Their drawings of streets and unlovely countryside, usually in the pouring rain, are so familiar, as are their characters – grumpy but resigned farmers and fishermen; I know them all.
My childhood was spent in Suffolk, where they lived and worked. They managed to get to the essence of what makes people instantly recognisable, whether they be American airmen stationed in Suffolk, dreaded teachers (Chalkie), politicians, or, of course, the wonderfully chaotic Giles family.
I particularly admire their ease with perspective and vehicles and their understanding of the Suffolk landscape. Most of all, they had a talent for observing human nature in a funny and humane way.
Helen Oxenbury is an illustrator and writer of children's books, best known for We're Going on a Bear Hunt
John McEwen comments on Giles cartoon from the 29th Annual, 1974, by Ronald ‘Carl' Giles:
‘I think Giles is the funniest cartoonist in the world,' wrote Tommy Cooper in their foreword to the 29th Giles Annual (1974–5), in which this Christmas celebration appeared. Giles cartoons were topical but dateless, as their best-selling annuals proved. They were ‘a spreader of happiness,' wrote John Jordan, their first Express editor. For half a century, Giles provided a weekly cartoon for the Sunday Express and two for the Daily Express.
Giles was born in Islington, the son of a tobacconist and a farmer's daughter. Their preferred first name Carl derived from their nickname Karlo, after horror-film star Boris Karloff. They left school at 14 and was a stable lad and pavement artist before landing an animator's job with a Soho cartoon-film company, where they contributed to The Fox Hunt, Britain's first full-length sound cartoon film in colour.
Following a serious motorbike accident in 1937, they became a newspaper cartoonist with Reynold's News and joined the Sunday Express in 1943. As a ‘war correspondent cartoonist' for the Daily Express, they witnessed the horror of Bergen-Belsen and found the camp commandant was a fan. In return for their weaponry and swastika badge Giles promised an original drawing, delivery thankfully prevented by the man's execution. Nazis were the main butt of their wartime cartoons, but they drew nothing at Bergen-Belsen.
By 1955, Giles was Britain's highest-paid cartoonist, earning today's equivalent of £140,000 a year. They received the OBE in 1959 and bought a farm in East Anglia. Their last cartoon appeared in the Sunday Express in 1991. Only snobbery denies Giles and their humorous peers artistic classification.
* Nine-man Chelsea lost 3-2 at home to Burnley
* Chelsea captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas were dismissed
* Sam Vokes opened the scoring for Burnley
* Stephen Ward scored Burnley's second in the 38th minute
* Vokes made it 3-0 before halftime
* New signing Alvaro Morata and David Luiz scored for Chelsea
* Chelsea face Tottenham next; Burnley host West Brom (Adds detail)
By Clare Lovell
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Chelsea endured a shocking start to the defence of their Premier League title on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with their new captain Gary Cahill sent off after only 14 minutes and Cesc Fabregas following late on.
The champions looked down and out in the first half, going into the break 3-0 adrift but rallied in the second despite finishing with only nine players.
Chelsea looked in good form at the start, in spite of the absence through injury of key players, until Cahill lunged clumsily at Steven Defour's shin after losing the ball high up the pitch and referee Craig Pawson was prompt with a red card.
Sam Vokes capitalised on the numerical advantage and Chelsea's poor defending, scoring either side of a goal from teammate Stephen Ward, to send Burnley into the halftime break a worthy if unexpected 3-0 up.
Antonio Conte's team talk clearly galvanised the champions, however, and they looked much livelier in the second half.
Newly-signed substitute Alvaro Morata got one back in the 69th minute, poking the ball in from a Willian cross and putting Burnley on the back foot.
After that it was almost all Chelsea. Morata had a goal disallowed for offside but then Fabregas was sent off, perhaps harshly, for a tackle on Jack Cork with eight minutes remaining.
Chelsea still swept forward and Defender David Luiz found the net in the 87th minute as a shell-shocked Burnley hung on.
Chelsea are expected to make new signings before the end of the transfer window with British media reporting that Conte is dissatisfied with the depth of their squad.
On Saturday they were missing Eden Hazard and Pedro through injury as well as suspended Victor Moses.
Striker Diego Costa is in dispute with the club and has been linked with a move to Atletico Madrid in January while key midfielder Nemanja Matic has joined Manchester United and several players have been sent out on loan. (Reporting by Clare Lovell; Editing by Toby Davis)
LONDON, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Abuses linked to mining in countries such as Myanmar and Colombia are being overlooked by technology companies focused only on eliminating "conflict minerals" from war-torn parts of Africa in their supply chains, researchers said on Thursday.
In Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), competition for mineral resources has fuelled two decades of conflict in its eastern provinces, including a 1998-2003 war that killed millions, mostly from hunger and disease.
Congo's supply of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold - metals used in smartphones, batteries and laptops - has been under scrutiny since 2010, when U.S. laws required U.S.-listed firms to ensure supply chains were free from "conflict minerals".
Yet the same minerals are being quarried in areas controlled by armed groups — sometimes using child labour — in countries such as Myanmar, Bolivia and Rwanda, according to research published by Verisk Maplecroft on Thursday.
The problem for tech companies was being able to trace the metals used in their products to the source mine or smelter, the risk consultancy group said in a report.
"The problem is because this is so far down the supply chain, it's difficult for technology companies to know if those minerals they're using are coming from irresponsibly managed operations," said Stefan Sabo-Walsh of Verisk Maplecroft.
Sabo-Walsh told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that in the most extreme cases the minerals are excavated using forced labour in order to buy weapons and fund violence.
A CONVOLUTED PROCESS
After minerals are mined, they are sold to a middleman and usually taken to the country's capital, where the raw metal is extracted and blended with other metals, the report said.
The blend is exported to a country such as China and then transformed for use in tech products.
The complicated process "further muddies supply chain transparency efforts" for companies that strive to only use safe and ethical extraction, Verisk Maplecroft said.
Tin, which is used in tablet computers and smartphones, was ranked as having the highest risk for labour rights violations at illegal mines.
Bolivia, Myanmar and Indonesia, some of the largest tin-producing countries, pose an "extreme risk" for child labour at tin mines, the research showed.
Some smaller mines are not run by armed groups but still hurt the environment and local communities and are difficult to police, Sabo-Walsh said.
At illegal mines, waste water runoff often makes its way into local water sources, polluting the supply, they said.
"Organisations need to be aware of the bigger picture when sourcing minerals from different countries – otherwise they risk a consumer backlash or regulatory penalties from the raft of emerging supply chain legislation," they said in a statement. (Reporting by J.D. Capelouto, Editing by Ed Upright and Katie Nguyen.; Please credit Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
LONDON, April 28 Ratings agency Standard & Poor's said on Friday that Britain's decision to leave the European Union had created "a heightened risk" around the country's large borrowing needs and could put strains on the historic make-up of the United Kingdom too.
S&P, in a statement affirming the possibility of a further downgrade Britain's sovereign debt rating which it cut after the Brexit vote, said the U.K.'s gross external financing needs were the highest among all 131 sovereigns rated by the agency.
"Despite our forecast for a slight narrowing of the current account deficit, we still view the U.K.'s high external deficits as a vulnerability, and we view an EU departure as a risk to financing sources," the ratings agency said.
"We further think Brexit will continue to create challenging political and constitutional issues around the unity of the United Kingdom, especially if it results in a second referendum on Scottish independence or increases tensions around Northern Ireland," it said.
S&P cut Britain's top-notch AAA credit rating by two places to AA shortly after last June's vote to leave the EU, saying the country's capacity for effective and stable policymaking had diminished. (Writing by William Schomberg; Editing by Alistair Smout)
CLASS A CDL DRIVER. $70-$80K+, Round trip Arizona. Home Weekly. Small Family Operation. 2 yrs experience required. Vallonia, IN 812-358-2019 or hartleytrucking@comcast.net 7/18
MOBILITY ISSUES?? We have walkers, wheelchairs & canes to lend. Contact Crothersville Senior Citizens at 793-2523.tfn
BANKRUPTCY Payment plans available. 812-522-0628, Mark Risser, Attorney at Law. We are a debt relief agency. We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the bankruptcy code. tfn
911 SIGNS Make sure police, ambulance & fire department can find you. $15 includes bracket. Proceeds go to Crothersville-Vernon Township Volunteer Fire Department. For more information or to order call 793-3473 & leave message
36 YEARS EXPERIENCED CARE. Professional grooming & boarding. WALKER'S KENNELS. Original location at 12086 East Base Road, Seymour, 523-3666.
NO ONE DESERVES to be hurt! Domestic violence and sexual assault hurt women, children and families. We can offer support, advocacy and safe shelter. All services confidential and at no cost to you. Call 24-hours toll-free: 1-888-883-1959.
ARE YOU EXPIRED? Check your mailing label to see when your subscription to the Crothersville Times should be re-newed. Send your check for $25 for one year; $45 for two in Jackson & Scott Counties; $45 per year elsewhere to PO Box 141, Crothersville, IN 47229.
ADOPTION: Happy couple wish to adopt – endless love, laughter and opportunity. Call or text anytime. Expenses Paid. Heather and Matt 1-732-397-3117
FREON R12 WANTED: CERTIFIED BUYER will PAY CA$H for R12 cylinders or cases of cans. (312) 291-9169; www.refrigerantfinders.com
DISCOUNT ROOFING – Dimensional shingles: Only $36 per square ($12 per bundle), Delivery Available. www.CardwellHomeCenter.com, 3205 Madison Avenue, Indianapolis (317) 788-0008.
DIRECTV SELECT PACKAGE! Over 150 Channels! ONLY $35/month (for 12 mos.) Order Now! Get a $100 AT&T Visa Rewards Gift Card (some restrictions apply) 1-888-885-8931
Spectrum Triple Play! TV, Internet & Voice for $29.99 ea. 60 MB per second speed. No contract or commitment. More Channels. Faster Internet. Unlimited Voice. Call 1-855-663-7513
DISH TV $59.99 For 190 Channels. $14.95 High Speed Internet. Free Installation, Smart HD DVR Included, Free Voice Remote. Some restrictions apply. Call 1-855-551-9764
HughesNet Satellite Internet – 25mbps for just $49.99/mo! Get More Data FREE Off-Peak Data. No phone line required! FAST download speeds. WiFi built in! FREE Standard Installation! Call 1-844-257-4934
BATHROOM RENOVATIONS. EASY, ONE DAY updates! We specialize in safe bathing. Grab bars, no slip flooring & seated showers. Call for a free in-home consultation: 855-898-3106
EARN $500 A DAY: Lincoln Heritage Life Insurance Wants Insurance Agents * Leads, No Cold Calls * Commissions Paid Daily * Agency Training * Life License Required. Call 1-888-713-6020
DRIVERS: New Starting Base Pay – .50 cpm w/ option to make .60 cpm for Class A CDL Flatbed Drivers, Excellent Benefits, Home Weekends, Call 800-648-9915 or www.boydandsons.com
DRIVERS: Help Wanted Drivers new trucks, buses & RVs across North America. CDL & Non-CDL needed. 20+ pickup locations. Call 574-642-2023 or visit www.QualityDriveAway.com
MEDICAL: Sleep Apnea Patients – If you have Medicare coverage, call Verus Healthcare to qualify for CPAP supplies for little or no cost in minutes. Home Delivery, Healthy Sleep Guide and More – FREE! Our customer care agents await your call. 1-866-646-4571.
MEDICAL: OXYGEN – Anytime. Anywhere. No tanks to refill. No deliveries. The All-New Inogen One G4 is only 2.8 pounds! FAA approved! FREE info kit: 866-770-6849
Struggling with DRUGS or ALCOHOL? Addicted to PILLS? Talk to someone who cares. Call The Addiction Hope & Help Line for a free assessment 888-331-1847
Unable to work due to injury or illness? Call Bill Gordon & Assoc., Social Security Disability Attorneys! FREE Evaluation. Local Attorneys Nationwide 1-855-398-5075 [Mail: 2420 N St NW, Washington DC. Office: Broward Co. FL (TX/NM Bar.)]
SAVE YOUR HOME! Are you behind paying your MORTGAGE? Denied a Loan Modification? Is the bank threatening foreclosure? CALL Homeowner's Relief Line now for Help 866-587-1571
SERIOUSLY INJURED in an AUTO ACCIDENT? Let us fight for you! We have recovered millions for clients! Call today for a FREE consultation! 844-517-6414
Unfortunately, the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets, says Paul.
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers, beaders, and appliqué artists, they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents, they say.
"(It's) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that," says the 34-year-old. "You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that's not even made here in Canada ... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces."
By nature, the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work to order or only make small batches, they add. Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools, materials and shipping are more expensive.
"We're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want. I'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that," they say. "By bringing everyone to Toronto I'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers, regardless of where they're located."
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world, Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value. They point to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia, a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps their own furs and leather.
"We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members, bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing."
Ducharme says he's added 10 new pieces to a collection they revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer, and will unveil their reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season to season.
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women, but rather "genderless" wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion's future.
And he's got plenty to offer.
"My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow."
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday.
OTTAWA — A plan to "triage" asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally, in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario, has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election.
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec, but nothing can be finalized until there is a new government in place in Ontario.
An ad hoc intergovernmental task force met tonight to discuss the issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec, where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving.
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says their province's resources are strained.
April 28 Qingdao Kingking Applied Chemistry Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 470 percent to 500 percent, or to be 295.2 million yuan to 310.8 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 51.8 million yuan
* Says that beauty business growth and inclusion of new company as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/tsFLPf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
The Herbal Medicine Market is expected to reach $ 111 billion by the end of 2023, this market is projected to growing at a CAGR of ~ 7.2 % during 2017-2023. Herbal medicine, or phytomedicine is a medicinal system using a plant or animal materials such as seeds, roots, leaves, bark, flowers, oils etc. for medicinal purposes. Herbalism has emerged from a long historical tradition of using nature for curing diseases.
According to WHO estimates, almost 80% of population of many Asian and African countries depend on traditional medicine for primary health care. The market drivers for the Global Herbal Medicine Market are growing aging population, increasing consumer awareness, little or no side effects, supplier innovations, and the release of Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) for dietary supplements by the FDA. Another factor is escalating prices, tighter health budgets of modern medicinal system which has driven consumers towards the more economical and safer herbal medicine systems.
The market constraints are lack of research and standardization in herbal medicines, poor legal and regulatory frame work which causes patent problems, poor manufactured herbal products etc. Considering all these factors the market for herbal medicine is expected to reach $ 111 billion by the end of 2023, this market is projected to growing at a CAGR of ~ 7.2 % during 2017-2023.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3250 .
Key Players for Global Herbal Medicine Market
Key players profiled in the report are Himalaya Drug Company, Blackmores, Tsumura, Schwabe, Madaus, Arkopharma, Sheng Chang Pharmaceutical Company, China Herbs Company, Nutraceutical International Corporation, Ricola AG, Zandu Pharmaceutical Works Ltd, Hamdard laboratories, Dabur, Patanjali Ayurved Ltd.
Regional Analysis for Global Herbal Medicine Market
Asia Pacific countries such as China followed by India accounts for the maximum market share due to its tradition of using the herbal system. Europe is the second largest market due to large disposable income and growing demand for natural therapies and remedies. The European market will be led by France followed by Germany. Asia pacific region will be the fastest region because of which will be led by China and India. The Middle East and Africa market will be led by the gulf nations particularly Saudi Arabia and UAE. The poor regions of Africa are expected to be a laggard due to poor economic and political conditions.
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/herbal-medicine-market-3250 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Diamondcorp Plc
* Group is no longer able to continue trading as a going concern
* Has filed notice of intention to appoint Stephen Cork and Jo Milner of Cork Gully Llp as joint administrators Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
MC College has an application to provide students with access to mental health service
MC College has released an application to help provide their students across the country with access to mental health services.
My SSP (Student Support Program), is an Android and Apple app which will give the 1,300 students annually who go to MC College's six campuses across western Canada access to free mental health and wellness support
“They have access to it 24 hours a day, seven days a week,” MC College Red Deer Director Janet Davey said. “On the app, they have access to all sorts of resources in regards to their challenges in school and out of school. They can text with a counsellor, they can express their challenges and be directed to an appropriate resource.”
According to the 2016 National College Health Survey, 65% of reported students felt overwhelming anxiety, 44% felt their depression made it difficult to concentrate and 13% reported serious thoughts of suicide.
My SSP, developed in partnership with Morneau Shepell, provides immediate access to mental health and personal support.
“My SSP features meaningful, confidential and culturally relevant support in various language for any of life's challenges,” a MC College press release stated.
“At the touch of a button, students can call or live chat with a qualified counsellor with years of clinical experience.”
Davey said this is a tool that would be useful to all students, not just at MC College
“I think it is due to the stress level of our fast-moving world that never shuts off anymore,” they said. “Everybody's lives are really busy and when you are spending money, while not making money — it is stressful as a student. There is a weight they take on that they may not realize until they are halfway through.”
They added that the app was downloaded 186 times the day after it was presented on Dec. 1st.
MC College also provides access to other resources to improve their students' experience.
“We have the app, but of course we also post all of our local resources for our students. We are out in the community volunteering, so they are getting introduced to potential resources that way as well.
“We collect cards from all the different resources, whether it be housing, Women's Outreach or any of that sort of thing,” they said.
They added, “I think it is great to recognize that, ‘Hey yeah. We all sometimes need someone to talk to'. It is nice to have it on their devices. It is a good fit.”
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/RedDeerExpress.
LONDON, April 3 British luxury brand Burberry said on Monday it would transfer its beauty business to U.S. group Coty in a deal that will bring in around $225 million plus ongoing royalty payments in a bid to revitalise the division.
Burberry said it expected the agreement to be broadly neutral to adjusted profit before tax in the 2017/18 transition year and accretive the following year.
"Working with a global partner of their scale and expertise will help drive the next phase of Burberry Beauty's development and position this business for future growth," said Christopher Bailey, Burberry's chief creative and chief executive officer.
The exclusive licensing agreement will take effect from October 2017, subject to regulatory approvals.
($1 = 0.7999 pounds) (Reporting by Kate Holton, Editing by Paul Sandle)
EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEM - Notify Red Deer is a new emergency contact system, which messages residents by phone, text or email. photo submitted
The City has rolled out the Notify Red Deer emergency notification system for the second year to streamline how it gets information to residences.
“It allows us to contact people quickly and in a seamless manner by using a number of different methods,” said Julia Harvie-Shemko, director of communications and strategic planning with the City of Red Deer.
Notify Red Deer is designed to quickly contact residences by their chosen means of communication using either email, phone calls or text messages in emergency situations, when their snow zone is being cleared and as of last week when street sweeping is taking place in their zones.
The platform is not unique, but the way that it is being used in the City of Red Deer is unconventional.
“Snow season last year, we used it mainly to let people know when to move their vehicles and we did notice a decrease in the amount of tickets and towing that needed to happen,” Harvie-Shemko said. “We had a really good response to that.”
Express Systems are used across the world, mainly in emergency situations.
A similar system was used during the bombings at the Boston marathon in 2012; they have also been used during floods and other natural disasters in the states and are starting to be seen more in Canada, too.
The platform holds a lot of potential for various applications.
“We're looking at how we can use it in the future,” said Harvie-Shemko.
In Saskatoon, the system is used to let residents know where construction is taking place.
They added that it could be used to notify people of a change in garbage day schedules or even activity guide dates, but it may also just remain an emergency alert system.
The Notify system means that with the push of a button, the City can simultaneously send out 45,000 electronic messages, either by email or text. Phone calls going out may take a few minutes longer, as they have to be done in smaller batches.
The new method is far more efficient than the antiquated call out system that used to take hours to reach everyone.
“We just needed a better and quicker way to get to people,” Harvie-Shemko said.
They added, the City recognizes the use of cell phones and that many residents don't have landlines any more. They also want to keep up with technology in light of all the recent violent weather the province has experienced in recent years.
There are currently 9,500 residents currently signed up for Notify Red Deer.
Residents who signed up for Snow Zone plowing alerts last winter received a test alert at 9:05 a.m. Nov. 5th telling them to update their profile information and subscribe to the new emergency alert system.
Any questions about Notify Red Deer can be directed to 403-342-8111.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Randy Lewis, Gord Bose and John Schut use the radios and mapping equipment in Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue's mobile command centre. -File photo.
A missing teen was found safe after a nighttime search in Salmon Arm neighbourhoods on Oct. 5.
On Oct. 6 at approximately 8:45 p.m., the Salmon Arm RCMP were called about a missing person.
An 18-year-old man had been drinking with friends in the 1600 block of 30th Street NE when they became upset and ran off.
Their friends became worried and looked for the teen for an hour and a half but were unable to locate him.
Concern for the safety of the man was exacerbated because when they ran off they were wearing only shorts and a hat.
When the constables arrived they were also concerned due to the threat of hypothermia because of the cold night temperature and their lack of warm clothing.
Police enlisted the assistance of Shuswap Search and Rescue to conduct an urban search.
The man was located by Search and Rescue close to midnight, cold and asleep, but otherwise physically unharmed.
The teen had climbed into a parked vehicle belonging to a company in Salmon Arm near the Trans-Canada and 30th Street NE.
“Thankfully, we have a well trained Search and Rescue team locally who are staffed with dedicated volunteers,” says Salmon Arm RCMP Staff Sgt. Scott West.
“These people give of their time at all hours of the day and night to locate lost people in the region. We owe them a heartfelt thank you for all that they do.”
Other studies have suggested that substances in coffee may reduce inflammation and improve how the body uses insulin, which can reduce chances for developing diabetes. Loftfield said efforts to explain the potential longevity benefit are continuing.
Adam Taylor, fetching two iced coffees for friends Monday in downtown Chicago, said the study results make sense.
"Coffee makes you happy, it gives you something to look forward to in the morning," said Taylor, a sound engineer from Las Vegas.
"I try to have just one cup daily," Taylor said. "Otherwise I get a little hyper."
For the study, researchers invited nine million British adults to take part; 498,134 women and men aged 40 to 69 agreed. The low participation rate means those involved may have been healthier than the general U.K. population, the researchers said.
Participants filled out questionnaires about daily coffee consumption, exercise and other habits, and received physical exams including blood tests. Most were coffee drinkers; 154,000 or almost one-third drank two to three cups daily and 10,000 drank at least eight cups daily.
During the next decade, 14,225 participants died, mostly of cancer or heart disease.
Caffeine can cause short-term increases in blood pressure, and some smaller studies have suggested it might be linked with high blood pressure, especially in people with a genetic variation that causes them to metabolize caffeine slowly.
But coffee drinkers in the U.K. study didn't have higher risks than non-drinkers of dying from heart disease and other blood pressure-related causes. And when all causes of death were combined, even slow caffeine metabolizers had a longevity boost.
As in previous studies, coffee drinkers were more likely than abstainers to drink alcohol and smoke, but the researchers took those factors into account, and coffee drinking seemed to cancel them out.
The research didn't include whether participants drank coffee black or with cream and sugar. But Lichtenstein said loading coffee with extra fat and calories isn't healthy.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CLEVELAND — Lavone Holland II scored 21 points and Drew McDonald scored 19 and Northern Kentucky beat Cleveland State convincingly 78-61 on Saturday.
Northern Kentucky (17-7, 10-2 Horizon League) raced to a 10-3 lead, the Roadrunners closed to a point with Kenny Carpenter's back-to-back layup and jump shot, but Mason Faulkner responded with a layup and Tyler Sharpe made consecutive 3-pointers and the Norse's lead went to 18-9. McDonald made back-to-back jumpers and Faulkner added another 3 and the lead was 14. Faulkner made all five of their 3s and scored all 14 of their points before intermission.
The Norse led 40-26 at the break before Cleveland State (6-19, 3-9) used an 8-4 spurt to close to 53-42 before McDonald's layup and jumper extended Northern Kentucky's lead to double digits for good. Tyler Sharpe added 12 points and the Norse shot 30 of 55 (54.5) from the field and 11 of 19 (58) from 3.
Carpenter and Tyree Appleby each scored 13 and Kasheem Thomas, 11 for the Vikings.
JOHANNESBURG Lions centre Rohan Janse van Rensburg will undergo surgery on Friday and miss three months of action after suffering a ligament tear in their knee, their team said on Thursday.
“He will be out for approximately 12 weeks after being injured in the Super Rugby match against the Stormers in Cape Town on Saturday," the club said in a statement. "He has a lateral collateral ligament tear and posterolateral corner injury.”
It rules them out for the rest of Super Rugby's regular season but they could be back in time for the playoffs for the Lions, who were runners-up last year and top their conference standings in the current campaign. They begin in July.
It also means the 22-year-old, who made their international debut for the Springboks against Wales in November, will miss out on potential selection for the three-test series against France in June.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by Neville Dalton)
MADISON, Wis. — Stephanie Mavunga scored 21 points with 10 rebounds, Kelsey Mitchell set an NCAA record by hitting a 3-pointer in their 81st straight game and No. 18 Ohio State defeated Wisconsin 68-55 on Saturday.
The game was delayed 15 minutes in the third quarter as Ohio State's Makayla Waterman was fitted with a neck brace and taken off on a stretcher. Waterman was injured falling to the court battling for a rebound under the Ohio State basket at the 2:08 mark and the Buckeyes leading 41-38. They moved a hand and shared a smile with their teammates before being wheeled away.
After the delay, Asia Doss hit a 3-pointer to give Ohio State a 44-38 lead entering the fourth quarter. After a Wisconsin basket, Mavunga had a 3-point play to start a 9-1 run for a 12-point lead. Mitchell had two baskets in an 8-0 run that made it 66-50 with two minutes to go.
Ohio State had a 16-0 run in the first quarter that included a Mitchell 3-pointer that broke their tie with former Tennessee-Martin player Heather Butler for the most consecutive Division-I games with a trey.
Tuesday, April 24, 2018
LOCAL
► From Reuters — Wells Fargo CEO's pay details spark pushback by some employees — Wells Fargo's disclosure of how its chief executive's pay compares to the rest of its workforce has drawn criticism ahead of the scandal-plagued bank's annual shareholder meeting. Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan earned $17.6 million for 2017, an estimated 291 times the median of the annual total compensation of all the bank's workers.
ALSO at The Stand — Wells Fargo greed is killing American jobs; rally TODAY in Seattle — Join CWA, WA Fair Trade Coalition and other supporters of laid-off Wells Fargo call center workers today (April 24) from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Seattle's Westlake Park, 401 Pine St.
► In today's Oregonian — Portland Burgerville workers approve federally recognized union — Burgerville workers at a Southeast Portland restaurant have officially voted to unionize, capping a two-year effort to become the first federally recognized fast-food union in the country. The Burgerville Workers Union will now represent hourly employees at the Portland store, enabling them to bargain for a raise to $15 per hour and better benefits. Workers voted 18 to 4 during the two-day vote, which ended Monday night.
► From the Oregon AFL-CIO — Oregon AFL-CIO congratulates Burgerville Workers' Union — Oregon AFL-CIO President Tom Chamberlain: “The struggle of the Burgerville workers is an inspiration to not just unions, but to all working people. The Burgerville Workers Union's successful vote and fight for union recognition has proven that when working people stand together, we will win.”
EDITOR'S NOTE — You, too, can join together with your co-workers to negotiate a fair return for your work. Click here for more information.
THIS WASHINGTON
► In the Seattle Times — Keep fighting for health insurance for all (editorial) — Insurance Commissioner Mike Kreidler is protecting Washington consumers against the Trump Administration's ill-conceived attempt to allow Americans to sidestep the requirements of the ACA… Kreidler should be commended for keeping this new threat from destabilizing Washington's successful health insurance market.
► In today's Seattle Times — Opioid-overdose deaths cost Washington state billions, study says — A study from a U.S. Senate committee, released as a prelude to new legislation by Sen. Patty Murray, says opioid-overdose deaths have cost the state $34 billion in four years.
► In the Columbia Basin Herald — Dan Newhouse announces bid for re-election — Newhouse has long espoused conservative principles and believes that with Donald Trump as president, the Republican Party is poised to pass legislation that has long been desired by right-leaning lawmakers and their constituents. “We now have a partner with a president in the White House who will help us take power away from Washington D.C. bureaucrats and give it back to we, the people, where it belongs,” Newhouse said.
THAT WASHINGTON
► In today's LA Times — Trump is pushing hard to reach NAFTA agreement, both with trading partners and with Congress — With critical political deadlines fast approaching, the Trump administration is racing to strike a deal on a revamped NAFTA by early May — with an eye toward forcing a congressional vote on a new pact by the end of the year. After months of making little progress, recent statements from high-level trade officials meeting in Washington indicate that negotiations have been gaining momentum and that there's a fair chance of reaching an agreement in principle in weeks or even days.
► In today's Washington Post — Sanders to announce plan to guarantee every American a job — Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) will announce a plan for the federal government to guarantee a job paying $15 an hour and health-care benefits to every American worker “who wants or needs one,” embracing the kind of large-scale government works project that Democrats have shied away from in recent decades.
IMMIGRATION
► From Reuters — Trump's travel ban faces U.S. Supreme Court showdown — The first big showdown at the U.S. Supreme Court over President Donald Trump's immigration policies is set for Wednesday when the justices hear a challenge to the lawfulness of their travel ban targeting people from several Muslim-majority countries.
► In today's News Tribune — ICE and the bitter fruit of dehumanization (by Michael Gerson) — During the last few years, there have been hundreds of accusations of sexual abuse, racial slurs, abusive strip searches and verbal harassment in ICE jails, prisons and detention centers. This is the bitter fruit of dehumanization — in a facility, in a system, in a country. It is unclear if Trump would even regard such a reputation as undesirable. They have effectively given permission for bullying. This is an issue ripe for more rigorous congressional oversight – even an independent commission to investigate charges of physical and sexual abuse in the ICE system. But this would require a critical mass of elected Republicans to give a damn about the rights and dignity of migrants. It is a distant dream.
► From HuffPost — Greyhound is choosing to let Border Patrol demand its passengers' papers — Border Patrol officers routinely board buses without a warrant, without specific people they're targeting, up to 100 miles from the border — and ask passengers for their papers. Greyhound, the nation's largest intercity bus line, lets the Border Patrol do it and doesn't plan to stop.
► In today's Seattle Times — 2020 Census citizenship question makes a mockery of our progress (editorial) — The citizenship question is likely to yield a systematic undercount of U.S. residents, which will harm any fast-growing state — Washington is one — that is home to an increasing population of immigrants.
NATIONAL
► From In These Times — Nearly 5,000 JetBlue flight attendants just voted to unionize, in a major win for airline labor — On April 18, nearly 5,000 JetBlue Airways flight attendants voted to form a union, notching a major victory for organized labor. The employees voted 2,661 to 1,387 to join the Transport Workers Union, a labor group that represents rail and airline workers, among others, and is affiliated with the AFL-CIO.
► From Arizona Central — Republican lawmaker pitches $1 billion tax hike to prevent Arizona teacher walkout — More than 50 Arizona school districts — and counting — will close during Thursday's statewide #RedForEd walkout as educators push for higher pay and the restoration of $1 billion in cuts to education funding.
► From Arizona Central — Arizona's governor puzzled on why teachers want to walk out: ‘We are delivering … what we believe they deserve'
► In today's NY Times — We need no education (by Paul Krugman) — At the state and local levels, the conservative obsession with tax cuts has forced the G.O.P. into what amounts to a war on education, and in particular a war on schoolteachers. That war is the reason we've been seeing teacher strikes in multiple states. And people like Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin are having a hard time coming to grips with the reality they've created.
► In the Washington Post — Huge federal contractor ‘failed' to pay workers $100 million in wages, union says — In a complaint filed by the CWA, one of the country's largest federal contractors has been accused of underpaying about 10,000 workers who run help hotlines for public health insurance programs, including the Affordable Care Act marketplaces, by up to $100 million over the past five years.
► From The Intercept — Amazon gets tax breaks while its employees rely on food stamps, new data shows — Later this year, Amazon will begin accepting grocery orders from customers using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, the federal anti-poverty program formerly known as food stamps. This new revenue will effectively function as a double subsidy for the company: In Arizona, new data suggests that one in three of the company's own employees depend on SNAP to put food on the table. In Pennsylvania and Ohio, the figure appears to be around one in 10. Overall, of five states that responded to a public records request for a list of their top employers of SNAP recipients, Amazon cracked the top 20 in four.
► In the NY Times — What might happen to Amazon's profit if it paid its workers more? — Increasing Amazon's median pay number by 10 percent would bump the $28,466 up to $31,313, and the putative compensation expense would rise to $17.7 billion. Such an increase would have cut Amazon's $3.8 billion of pretax income in 2017 by 42 percent to $2.2 billion.
TODAY'S MUST-READ
► In today's NY Times — The leadership roles in America where women are outnumbered by men named John — Fewer Republican senators are women than men named John — despite the fact that Johns represent 3.3 percent of the population, while women represent 50.8 percent. Fewer Democratic governors are women than men named John. And fewer women directed the top-grossing 100 films last year than men named Michael and James combined. These comparisons come from our updated and expanded Glass Ceiling Index, in which we counted the women and men in important leadership roles in American life — including politics, law, business, tech, academia, film and news media.
The Stand posts links to Washington state and national news of interest every weekday morning by 10 a.m.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results from the Motorcycling Grand Prix Austria Moto2 Qualification on Saturday 1. Mattia Pasini (Italy) Kalex 1:29.394 2. Franco Morbidelli (Italy) Kalex 1:29.395 3. Alex Marquez (Spain) Kalex 1:29.570 4. Francesco Bagnaia (Italy) Kalex 1:29.581 5. Thomas Luethi (Switzerland) Kalex 1:29.696 6. Fabio Quartararo (France) Kalex 1:29.855 7. Isaac Vinales (Spain) Kalex 1:29.868 8. Miguel Oliveira (Portugal) KTM 1:29.998 9. Xavi Vierge (Spain) Tech 3 1:30.097 10. Sandro Cortese (Germany) Suter 1:30.101
PHILIPPINE National Bank (PNB) intends to grow its net income by 13-14% this year on the back of the continued expansion of its core businesses.
PNB Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Nelson C. Reyes said the lender aims to grow its bottom line by 13-14%.
“We're trying to grow our deposit and loans as well as our fees and commissions,” Mr. Reyes told reporters following PNB's annual stockholders meeting yesterday.
Mr. Reyes added that the Lucio C. Tan-controlled lender aims to grow its commercial and consumer loans this year, veering away from its corporate borrowing portfolio.
“We're shifting [our focus] to commercial and consumer [loans]. One of the reasons for that is to diversify the risk. Second [is for] higher margins.”
“We hope to increase our commercial loans by 38% [from the current 34%]. And then the consumer [loans right now is at] 10%. We plan to improve it to 12-13%,” Mr. Reyes added, noting that PNB's commercial loans were comprised of borrowing by mid-sized businesses.
Currently, the bulk of PNB's loan portfolio comes from the corporate segment with a 52% share.
The lender's CFO added that the bank's target of better earnings will be supported by the country's economic fundamentals to be spurred by the development of areas outside Metro Manila.
“It's also brought about by economic fundamentals. A lot of growth right now in the country is coming from the provincial areas, specifically in [Visayas and] Mindanao. We're well placed to grow our portfolio there,” Mr. Reyes said.
PNB had 635 branches at end-2017, with two-thirds of which located outside the country's capital.
Last week, PNB raised $300 million in fixed-rate senior notes under the first tranche of the bank's euro medium term note (MTN) program, marking the maiden drawdown from its $1-billion program.
Mr. Reyes said proceeds from the capital raising activity will be used for its “US dollar loans.”
“So we already have identified a pipeline for those us dollar loans which we intend to deploy in the coming months,” they said.
Moody's Investors Service has assigned an investment-grade rating to PNB's note issuance, matching the Baa2 rating of the Philippine government.
PNB is the fifth-biggest bank in terms of assets as of 2017. The bank booked an P8.2-billion net profit in 2017, up 14%, supported by strong growth in its core operating income.
PNB shares closed at P52.90 each on Tuesday, down 70 centavos or 1.31%. — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
* SAID ON FRIDAY THE JAPAN PATENT OFFICE ISSUED A NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE FOR A PATENT APPLICATION FOR RESP3000 SERIES, DESIGNED FOR USE IN CARDIOVASCULAR DIAGNOSTICS WITH PET-CAMERA
VANDALIA – The Greenville Lady Wave had their two-game winning streak snapped by the opportunistic Vandalia-Butler Aviators Wednesday night, 44-30.
Greenville saw its record drop to 11-8 and 8-6 in the Greater Western Ohio Conference. Vandalia improved to 13-6 and 9-2 in the GWOC with its only losses coming to two stellar squads in Trotwood-Madison and Tippecanoe.
A vociferous crowd of 300 saw the Lady Aviators celebrate senior night with their sixth straight win. Flowers for fellow seniors also were given out to the Lady Wave graduates-to-be in Payton Brandenburg and Cassie Cromwell.
The Wave drew first blood in the initial quarter by having junior sharpshooter Jada Garland knock down a trey to make it 3-0 for the visitors. Vandalia responded by zipping up and down the court for 6 straight in this nip-and-tuck quarter that ended up 10-8 Aviators favor.
Garland led the Wave attack in the quarter with 6 points, all from way downtown .The Lady Wave finished out the scoring with junior Lori Shilt knocking in their only points of the night with a deuce.
Abbie Schoenherr showed them might for the Aviators with 4 points on two inside buckets.
The Wave hit a cold spell in the second canto and could only muster 6 points as several shots went in and then out. Cromwell canned 4 points to lead the Wave going into the half down by 8 at 22-14. Vandalia was led by Senior Willow Knight with 7 points by converting two trifectas.
Third quarter theatrics saw the Aviators still flying high as they expanded their lead to a baker's dozen at 31-18. Knight popped in 4 more to lead the Montgomery County squadron followed closely by Gracie Price's old-fashion 3.
The Wave were held to 4 points for the entire quarter with junior Saki Nakamura knocking in a deuce matched by Cromwell in this low-scoring quarter for both teams.
Fourth quarter firings saw the Wave hit an even dozen to almost match their first half total of 14. Rachel Kerns' squad was led by sophomore Addie Haupt electrifying the crowd with 5 points off the bench at the Student Activity Center. Haupt was followed closely by long range specialist Garland who had another one of their 3-pointers.
Tyree Fletcher led the Aviators with 6 points while Knight was lights out again with 5 to aid the Aviators in getting 13 in eight minutes of highly physical play.
Scoring for the Wave had Garland leading all Wave players with 9 points, Cromwell had 6, Haupt 5, Brandenburg 3, Haleigh Mayo 2, Nakamura 2, Shilt 2 and Koryann Elliott finished out the scoring with 1. Final offerings for the Lady Wave show three 3-pointers, eight regulars and five freebies for their total of 30.
The Aviators final scoring had Maddie Mitchell with 4 points, Price 3, Schoenherr 9, Fletcher 10 and Knight with a game-high 18 points. Final tallies showcased the purple and gold with three triples, 13 regulars and nine freebies from the charity stripe for a grand finale of 44.
“We were really hurting tonight without Morgan Gilbert as they are the one that controls the tempo for us,” Greenville girls basketball coach Rachel Kerns said. “Our squad needs to finish and get to the free throw line. The second half we gave up way too many easy baskets, and we definitely need to get to the free throw line more. We only ended up with seven offensive rebounds for the night. On the positive we never quit hustling while Addie Haupt and Jada Garland played well.”
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Greenville-logo-WEB-1.jpg
Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) said it is spending $1.33 billion in its Kentucky plant as part of a plan to invest $10 billion in the United States over the next five years.
The investment in the plant, Toyota's largest, comes amid uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies that could affect certain Japanese firms' capital expenditure plans.
Trump criticized the automaker earlier this year and said they would impose a hefty fee if it built its Corolla cars for the U.S. market at a plant in Mexico.
Toyota joins a host of automakers including Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI), Honda Motor Co (7267.T) and Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) that have announced investments in the United States since Trump won the U.S. election.
Even U.S. car manufacturers Ford Motor Co (F.N) and General Motors (GM.N) have announced plans to spend more domestically.
"Toyota's decision to invest $1.3 billion in their Kentucky plant is further evidence that manufacturers are now confident that the economic climate has greatly improved under my administration", Trump said in the statement issued by Toyota.
Toyota said that the investment would help in its new production process that would allow for a more flexible production environment, helping its build better cars and respond quicker to customers.
The Kentucky plant employs about 8,200 workers and Toyota recently booted the count by more than 700 ahead of the launch of the new version of Camry.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Savio D'Souza)
We have recently returned from a G&LR-sponsored trip to Mexico City, and I'm here to report that it was a great success. Organized by Out Adventures of Toronto, the five-day trip was a banquet of art and archaeology, among other explorations. We traveled out to the vast site of Teotihuacan with its three great pyramids; to the world-class Anthropological Museum with its spectacular Toltec and Zapotec displays; and to the National Palace, home of Diego Rivera's amazing murals. We also visited the famous “Blue House” where Rivera's wife, Frida Kahlo, lived and worked for much of their life; and it is this part of the trip that I'll focus on here, if only because their life and art have a connection to The G&LR's franchise.
Frida Kahlo (1907-1954) is best known for their many self-portraits, 55 in all, which comprise around half of their corpus of paintings. They adopted numerous personae in these works, depicting themselves as everything from the creative Earth Mother to a helpless object of medical intervention. What's striking is the essential sameness of their face from one painting to the next, even as the settings shift drastically from Edenic harmony with nature to vivisected bodies reminiscent of Francis Bacon (well, almost). Even when representing themselves as an infant emerging from their mother's womb, they have their adult face with that indeterminate expression—or the absence of expression, that Sphinx-like neutrality—that they always wear.
They exaggerate the famous unibrow, to be sure, increasing the androgyny of their face. That they are both male and female reinforces that sense of refusing to commit to any one thing. Indeed, it seems inevitable that at some point they would bob their hair and dress in men's clothing, as indeed they did at a couple of points in their short lifetime—all documented, of course, in the self-portraits from these phases. Them androgyny is an aspect of the facial neutrality, which gives them a kind of universality in that any viewer can identify with the every-person at the center of the canvas, who is typically gazing directly out at the viewer. In this way, Kahlo was able to bring the viewer into their world—and there's no doubt but that the content of the self-portraits was almost entirely autobiographical—such that we feel their joys and sorrows, even, almost, their physical pain, the result of a crushing trolley accident when they were sixteen.
That Kahlo was bisexual in their personal life seems a logical expression of the fundamental dualism of their personal mythology, which included elements of Native and contemporary Mexican culture, as well as a significant dose of Marxism, a philosophy to which they and Rivera strongly subscribed. It was their avowed mission to incorporate archetypes drawn from Native culture, which they interpreted as strongly dualistic, divided between forces of night and day, moon and sun, female and male. They sometimes appear twice in a single painting, representing both sides of an existential dualism. Kahlo incorporated these Native traditions into their personal mythology in a way that's reminiscent of Oscar Wilde, dressing the part, looking the part, and acting the part vis-à-vis their sexual partners.
Kahlo's bisexuality is recorded in both their paintings and their private life. To start with the latter: the evidence is quite strong that when they visited Paris they had an affair with the great Josephine Baker, the African-American dancer and burlesque entertainer who took Paris by storm in the 1930s.  They are also reported to have had affairs with American artist Georgia O'Keeffe, Mexican film star Dolores del Rio, American film star Paulette Goddard, and French painter Jacqueline Lamba. Among their male conquests was Leon Trotsky, with whom they had a fling while they and their wife were taking refuge with Kahlo and Rivera in the Blue House. They are, in short, something of a “star-fucker,” and there are no reports of Kahlo slumming in the fleshpots of Mexico City.
As for their work, the most explicitly homoerotic is Two Nudes in a Forest (1939), which shows two women at the edge of a forest (otherwise barren), one with their head on the other's lap. The dualism of dark and light, Native and European, is reflected in the two women's skin tones. The ever-warring forces of health and decay are represented by the starkly divided landscape: to the left a teeming jungle, to the right a barren desert, with no transition in between.
For more information on Out Adventures, visit their website.
April 20 Nikkei:
* Tokyo Seimitsu now is expected to report 2 pct growth in operating profit, instead of a 2 pct decline, in the year ended March - Nikkei
* Tokyo Seimitsu Co Ltd sales are believed to have climbed 10 percent to about 76 billion yen in year ended March - Nikkei
* Tokyo Seimitsu was expecting operating profit to drop, it probably saw an increase to 13.5 billion yen in year ended March - Nikkei Source text for Eikon:
May 3 Indian shares ended little changed on Wednesday as investors awaited key corporate results including that of ICICI Bank Ltd, while the market watch for the outcome of a two-day policy meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve.
The broader NSE index closed down 0.02 percent at 9,311.95, while the benchmark BSE index ended 0.09 percent lower at 29,894.8.
For the mid-day report, see (Reporting By Samantha Kareen Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Bickert also employs high-level experts including a human rights lawyer, a rape counsellor, a counterrorism expert from West Point, and a PhD researcher with expertise in European extremist organizations, as part of their content review team.
Activists and users have been particularly frustrated by the absence of an appeals process when their posts are taken down. (Facebook users are allowed to appeal the shutdown of an entire account, but not individual posts.) The Washington Post previously documented how people have liked this predicament to being put into "Facebook jail" — without being given a reason why they were locked up.
Zahra Billoo, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations' office for the San Francisco Bay area, said adding an appeals process and opening up guidelines would be a "positive development" but said the social network still has a ways to go if it wants to stay a relevant and safe space.
Billoo said that at least a dozen pages representing white supremacists are still up on the platform, even though the policies forbids hate speech and Zuckerberg testified before Congress this month that Facebook does not allow hate groups.
"An ongoing question many of the Muslim community have been asking is how to get Facebook to be better at protecting users from hate speech and not to be hijacked by white supremacists, right-wing activists, Republicans or the Russians as a means of organizing against Muslim, LGBT and undocumented individuals," they said.
Billoo themselves was censored by Facebook two weeks after Donald Trump's election, when they posted an image of a handwritten letter mailed to a San Jose mosque and quoted from it: "He's going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews."
Bickert's team has been working for years to develop a software system that can classify the reasons a post was taken down so that users could receive clearer information — and so Facebook could track how much hate speech posts were put up in a given year, for example, or whether certain groups are having their posts taken down more frequently than others.
Currently, people who have their posts taken down receive a generic message that says that they have violated Facebook's community standards. After Tuesday's announcement, people will be told whether their posts violated guidelines on nudity, hate speech, and graphic violence. A Facebook executive said the teams were working on building more tools. "We do want to provide more details and information for why content has been removed," said Ellen Silver, Facebook's vice president of community operations. "We have more work to do there and we are committed to making those improvements."
Though Facebook's content moderation is still very much driven by humans, the company does use technology to assist in its work. The company currently uses software to identify duplicate reports, a time-saving technique for reviewers that helps them avoid reviewing the same piece of content over and over because it was flagged by many people at once. Software also can identity the language of a post and some of the themes, helping the post get to the reviewer with the most expertise.
The company can recognize images that have been posted before, but cannot recognize new images. For example, if a terrorist organization reposts a beheading video that Facebook already took down, Facebook's systems will notice it almost immediately, said Silver, but it cannot identify new beheading videos. The majority of items flagged by the community get reviewed within 24 hours, they said.
Every two weeks, employees and senior executives who make decisions about the most challenging issues around the world meet. They debate the pros and cons of potential policies. Teams who present are required to come up with research showing each side, a list of possible solutions, and a recommendation. They are required to list the organizations outside Facebook that they consulted with.
In an interview, Bickert and Silver acknowledged that Facebook would continue to make errors in its judgment. "The scale that we operate at," said Silver. "Even if were at 99 per cent accuracy, that's still a lot of mistakes."
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 HB Fuller Co
* H.B. Fuller reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.48
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.45 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share view $2.57 to $2.77
* Q1 earnings per share $0.29
* Q1 revenue $503.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $486.8 million
* Confirms fiscal year 2017 adjusted diluted EPS guidance $2.57 to $2.77
* Increased 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $300 million
* HB Fuller - Expect 2017 to provide another strong positive step forward in delivering 2020 strategic commitments for growth, profit and cash flow performance
* Still expect to invest approximately $60 million in capital items in 2017
* Constant currency growth, on a comparable 52-week basis, is now expected to be around 8 percent for 2017 versus 2016 fiscal year
* Still expect to invest approximately $60 million in capital items in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ORLANDO, Fla. The largely testosterone-fueled Star Wars movie franchise has added an important new female character in the eighth film, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", director Rian Johnson said on Friday at a fanfest in Orlando.
Johnson said the movie, scheduled for release in December, is still in post production.
Kelly Marie Tran plays Rose, a maintenance worker in the Resistance. Johnson said their character embodies the notion that even the most unlikely person can step up and become a hero. They said their part is the biggest new role in the film.
Lucasfilm also live-streamed to fans worldwide the first movie trailer that features Rey, played by Daisy Ridley, wielding a light saber under the guidance of Luke Skywalker who tells them that it's time for the Jedi to end.
Ridley was brought into the franchise in the seventh movie, "The Force Awakens", as a lead character. Fans have been expecting Lucasfilm to add more females to the cast.
The movie poster shows Rey on an intense red background pointing their light saber skyward, the beam dividing images of Skywalker and Kylo Ren. The poster harkens back to the poster for the first Star Wars film in 1977 in which Skywalker similarly pointed the beam up.
The movie stars were on hand during the 2017-Star Wars Celebration at the Orange County Convention Center.
The popular 40-year-old Star Wars franchise in recent times has been criticized for a lack of recognizably female characters. Carrie Fisher was beloved for their role as Princess Leia, a character who was part of the original cast. Fisher died in December, but filmed scenes in The Last Jedi before their death.
The movie franchise is popular equally with male and female fans. Disney bought the franchise from creator George Lucas in 2012 for $4 billion. Three years later, the company announced plans for new 14-acre Star Wars “lands” at both its Orlando and Anaheim, California, parks, capitalizing on the lucrative brand much as Universal Studios did at its Orlando parks with the Harry Potter phenomenon.
The Star Wars attraction will dwarf Disney's other themed lands and feature two new rides, including one in which guests can captain the Millennium Falcon spaceship.
(This version of the story was refiled to change the headline wording)
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Turkish championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Kayserispor 1 Besiktas 1 Osmanlispor 3 Alanyaspor 0 Sivasspor 1 Istanbul Basaksehir 0 Saturday, December 9 Antalyaspor 1 Genclerbirligi 1 Yeni Malatyaspor 2 Goztepe 3 Galatasaray 4 Akhisarspor 2 Kasimpasa 0 Trabzonspor 3 Friday, December 8 Bursaspor 0 Fenerbahce 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Galatasaray 15 10 2 3 33 19 32 ------------------------- 2 Istanbul Basaksehir 15 9 3 3 25 16 30 ------------------------- 3 Fenerbahce 15 8 5 2 31 19 29 4 Besiktas 15 7 6 2 23 13 27 ------------------------- 5 Kayserispor 15 7 6 2 23 17 27 ------------------------- 6 Goztepe 15 8 3 4 28 23 27 7 Trabzonspor 15 7 4 4 31 27 25 8 Bursaspor 15 7 3 5 27 17 24 9 Sivasspor 15 7 1 7 20 25 22 10 Akhisarspor 15 5 4 6 20 25 19 11 Kasimpasa 15 5 3 7 24 29 18 12 Alanyaspor 15 5 2 8 26 29 17 13 Yeni Malatyaspor 15 4 4 7 18 23 16 14 Osmanlispor 15 4 2 9 22 27 14 15 Antalyaspor 15 3 5 7 15 26 14 ------------------------- 16 Genclerbirligi 15 3 3 9 19 31 12 17 Konyaspor 14 3 2 9 13 21 11 18 Karabukspor 14 2 2 10 13 24 8 1: Champions League / EC I 2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 16-18: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 Konyaspor v Karabukspor (1700)
The beloved American Girl doll company has created its first-ever boy character — and their name is Logan Everett!
On Tuesday, the company announced the release of the doll, saying that customers have been requesting such a character for decades.
“Our first-ever, 18-inch boy doll,” an official said of the character in a Facebook video. “We are thrilled to bring them to life.”
Logan sports short, brown hair and is dressed in jeans and a button-down plaid top worn over a t-shirt.
The doll was created to complement the company's Nashville musician character doll, Tenney Grant. Logan is billed as Tenney's bandmate.
“He is Tenney's bandmate and drummer and eventually they become friends in their stories,” the official said of the pair. “They're not boyfriend and girlfriend. Tenney's 10 and really she's focused on their singing character.”
Both Tenney and Logan will be available on Thursday.
The news comes as the company faces backlash for its newest change to the beloved dolls: sewn-on underwear.
The company announced last week that the dolls will now have their underwear sewn on to their bodies rather than selling them separately. Many customers slammed the change, with many lamenting, “Why change something that didn't need fixing?”
Parents Are Upset About American Girl Dolls' New Underwear
Officials defended the decision, noting that American Girl would never “change our dolls without careful consideration.”
“Doll play is fueled by imagination and the new underwear design should not hamper a girl's ability to create limitless play opportunities,” the company said in a statement.
This isn't the first time the decades-old company has made waves in recent months.
Late last year, American Girl drew praise when it released its 2017 Girl of the Year doll, Gabriela McBride, an African-American character who has a stutter.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIB and Bank of Ireland, which were among the worst performers in European stress tests in 2016, are on track to fare better this year as they continue to lower their levels of troubled loans, according to analysts.
This time round, authorities are assessing for a 19.8 per cent fall in Irish house prices under a worst-case scenario, compared to 22.3 per cent priced in under the stress tests two years ago. And they are looking at a 21.8 per cent slump in Irish commercial real-estate valuations, compared to 28.4 per cent in 2016.
While the European Banking Authority, overseeing the tests, are factoring in a marginally sharper contraction in Irish gross domestic product (GDP) under an adverse scenario this time round (at 11 per cent, compared to 10 per cent previously), and a deeper drop in UK GDP and property prices, analysts see the two Irish banks gaining brownie points for the pace at which they have managed to lower their non-performing loans in the past two years.
‘Fret less'
“On balance, we think investors will fret less this time in Ireland, bearing in mind AIB and Bank of Ireland were two of the four worst performers in the 2016 tests,” said Goodbody Stockbrokers analysts Eamonn Hughes in a note to clients this week.
Davy analysts Diarmaid Sheridan and Stephen Lyons said that the assumptions “inform our view regarding dividends in the Irish banking sector, particularly at AIB”. AIB returned to paying dividends last year for the first time since 2008, while Bank of Ireland is on course in the coming months to make its first shareholder payout since the onset of the financial crisis.
Still, analysts don't see AIB getting the go-ahead from regulators to start distributing surplus capital – estimated at €3 billion – until 2020, based on 2019 results.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. -- Kitty Snow is digging through a mountain of Photos. Lots of photos. More than five thousand snapshots. Images of Richmond from a century ago.
“I've been working on this for five years and I am only scratching the surface,” they said.
The pictures were taken by Harry Stilson who was a trolley operator who captured people and places along their route through Jackson Ward and beyond. The shutterbug also just happened to be Kitty Snow's great-grandfather.
“He took pictures of anything that was interesting to him,” said Snow. “I had no idea that the balance of what existed was in my aunt's basement.”
The unsuspecting real estate broker from Chesterfield inherited this treasure a few years ago.
“I didn't know what to do with it. Didn't know what to do with it. I didn't know what I had,” said Snow.
They said their ancestor rarely left home without their camera.
“My Grandfather took a picture of the Church Hill Tunnel before it collapsed,” said Snow.
Stilson developed a knack for photographing and documenting everything from immigrant storekeepers in Fairfield to submarines in the James.
“I feel honored that I have these,” added Snow.
Only 10 percent of the photos are labeled.
“You look at that and say I know that building but I got to drive around Richmond to know where the heck it is,” said Snow.
The photos aren't just black and white. Their subjects are as well. Kitty says their progressive great-grandfather didn't discriminate. Harry championed integrated public schools.
“He was a real eccentric and a radical for their time,” said Snow.
Another favorite subject of Stilson was the soldiers of WWI including their son Leon. Leon – Snow's great-uncle - would not return from a battlefield in France. The city's human sacrifice is featured prominently in Snow's latest book a collection of Stilson's snapshots: “From Richmond to France”.
Harry Stilson didn't just take still photos. They often carried a movie camera too. Rolling on typical street scenes like friendly workmen shoveling piles of snow in front of the John Marshall Hotel on 5th Street downtown during the 1920s.
Harry also captured dozens of children gathering outside the Byrd Theatre in Carytown. Stilson also trained their lens on a bustling Broad Street near Sixth Street Marketplace at Christmas.
“This is just a little piece of what my great-grandfather's collection was,” said Snow. “This journal is a snapshot of what life was like in Richmond 100 years ago.”
Cameras, glass negatives and journals and thousands of prints.
“When I tell people that I have more than pictures. I have memorabilia like you wouldn't believe,” said Snow.
This is a visual goldmine that's hard to quantify.
“They will go to a library or museum of some sort. I don't know how that will happen in the end, but they'll be shared,” they explained.
Kitty Snow making sure their great-grandfather's vision comes into focus for a new generation of Richmonders.
“This isn't just my history. This isn't just Richmond History. This isn't Virginia history. This is looking at everyone's history.”
Snow regularly gives lectures and shows their great-grandfather's photos and home movies. If you would like to learn more and details about their new book.
If you know someone with an interesting story email me at gmcquade@wtvr.com.
Watch Greg McQuade's "I Have A Story" features Fridays on CBS 6 News at 11 p.m.
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
SBS Consulting is a Singapore software firm. SBS' School Management software enables schools in becoming paper-free. It also offers Clinic Management System, Payroll System & CRM System. The firm focuses on developing innovative software solutions.
Media Contact
Tel: (65) 6536 0036
Email: info@summittech.com.sg
(65) 6536 0036
***@summittech.com.sg Tel: (65) 6536 0036Email: info@summittech.com.sg(65) 6536 0036
End
-- "Technology has made its way to every sector, including the education industry. Today, schools and educational institutes are using school management software to streamline their daily activities. An automated school software offers numerous benefits. One of the key advantages it brings to the table is its cost-effectiveness", says Ms. Meena, the Business Head of SBS Consulting.She further stated that "It is the age of technology wherein every organization should digitize their operations to keep pace with the changes. An advanced school management software enables school management to automate the administrative burden. The job of recording student's data, maintaining attendance record, progress reports and issuing the notice, is a breeze with an online school software. In today's competitive era, implementing a reliable software to ensure a smooth operation of administrative activities is necessary.Given the increasing needs for a comprehensive software for the schools and tuition centers, we have come up with a solution which is online, fast and reliable. With a broad range of modules, SBS' School & Tuition Management System is a next-generation solution for modern schools and educational institutes. The users can tap into the scalability of the software by experiencing the modules on the offer. We have been consistently growing, pushing the envelope in terms of quality, cost-efficiency, and support of the software products."The benefits of web-based school management system are stated below:Paper-free Administration:An online school software replaces the age-old paper filing system, which was time-consuming, prone to error and risky. Precisely, paper filing method is labor-intensive and less-efficient. However, digital or paper-free administration of schools increases the efficiency, ensuring more accuracy, fast result, and enhanced operation.Reduce the Burden of Staffs: The best part of using web-based school management software is the fact that it eliminates the administrative burden of teachers and staffs, enabling them to focus on teaching, academic activities, training the students in the best possible manner. When the administrative staffs and teachers can do the tasks at the few clicks of the mouse, they get time to sharpen their skills. It eventually improves their efficiencies in the academic field.Minimize the Cost: It is wrong to assume that an advanced school software would eat up a large chunk of money. There are good numbers of software solutions available in the market at affordable rates. Contrarily, using a web-based solution is cost-efficient than paper-based filing method. You can cut the cost of labor resources, paper files, storage and other stationary items.Ensure Better Efficiency: A modern, innovative online school software improves overall efficiency level of a school. It serves as a robust base for all-round improvement of the organization. Apart from helping the school staffs and teachers, it is also beneficial for parents and students alike.Apart from all these possible advantages that a powerful school management system can offer to schools and tuition centers, there are other reasons what makes SBS' School Management System a cost-effective solution.It is a web-based solution, requiring no additional hardware or installation. It is simple and easy to operate.It can be used by any non-savvy person. You do not need to be backed by an IT department.Any device such as the computer, laptop, tablet, and smartphone is compatible to use the software. You do not need to spend on expensive infrastructure.It is a scalable solution. One can scale up or scale down its operation based on the requirements."Despite knowing the benefits of automated school management software, many schools reluctant to use the tool because of their doubt about the support. SBS' School Management System has excelled in providing the unmatched support to the clients. As our prices are competitive in the market, even a small school setup finds our products affordable,"she concluded.SBS Consulting Pte Ltd is an IT firm that specializes in offering integrated software solutions to various industries. With a package of software solutions comprising School & Tuition Management System, Clinic Management System, Payroll System and CRM System, SBS has gathered huge industry-wide experience.Visit: http://www.summittech.com.sg/ High Street Centre,#17-02, 1 North Bridge Road,Singapore – 179094Tel: (65) 6536 0036Email: info[at]summittech[.]com[.]sg
May 2 Whirlpool Corp
* Whirlpool Corporation announces planned acquisition of Yummly
* Whirlpool Corp - terms of acquisition are confidential
* Whirlpool Corp - terms of acquisition are confidential
* Whirlpool Corp - acquisition will not have a material impact on Whirlpool Corporation's 2017 financial statements
* Whirlpool Corp - as a wholly-owned subsidiary, yummly will continue to operate out of its headquarters in redwood city, california Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo Brazilian drugmaker Hypermarcas SA (HYPE3.SA) reported on Friday a net profit of 183.5 million reais ($57.8 million), 81 percent below its earnings a year earlier when proceedings from some divestitures had boosted profits.
Hypermarcas said earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization reached 349 million reais, growing 12.6 percent over the first quarter of last year.
Reuters reported on Monday that two families holding a combined 34 percent in Hypermarcas were considering options for their holdings, including a sale. Hypermarcas on Tuesday denied being in talks for a merger.
($1 = 3.17 reais)
(Reporting by Aluisio Alves; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. – A 10-year-old boy who disappeared earlier this week in Virginia surprised the officers who helped bring them home with dinner over the weekend.
Sgt. K. Rollins with the Chesterfield Police posted a photo Saturday that showed Zachary Long meeting the North D platoon officers who helped find him.
“Zachary brought dinner for the officers to show their appreciation,” Sgt. K. Rollins said.
Lt. Don Story said Zachary and their father, Andrew Long, brought barbecue and side dishes to the station during the 6 p.m. roll call.
The 10-year-old was found Tuesday night unharmed and was reunited with their parents around 10:15 p.m., according to Lt. Story.
Police searched for Zachery after they went missing in the Founders Bridge Road area around 6:15 p.m.
The boy had wrecked their bike and was scared they may need stitches. They had a prior bad experience with getting stitches, so they ran into the woods, according to WTVR.
* PM Rajoy needs backing from opposition for bill
* Edging towards deal with some rivals, ups social spend
* Budget details expected around 1200 GMT
By Sarah White
MADRID, March 31 Spain's minority government is expected to offer public sector pay rises and more social spending in its much-delayed draft budget for 2017 on Friday, steering further away from years of austerity as it tries to get the opposition to back the bill.
The budget is a major test of conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's chances of seeing out their four year mandate, after they were reinstated for a second term last October with the weakest grip on parliament in modern Spanish history.
The draft bill will be passed by Rajoy's cabinet eight months behind schedule - after two inconclusive elections left a power vacuum in Spain for over 10 months last year - and will then be subject to tweaks in parliament and a vote.
A brightening economic outlook over the past two months, which could lead Spanish growth to slow less than many initially expected this year, and improving public finances have helped give Rajoy leeway on the budget. Their chances of passing it have increased after securing backing from the fourth biggest party and as they inch closer to a deal with some regional forces.
While the government's overall spending will not increase in 2017 and Rajoy had begun to step away from austerity measures in the run-up to a 2015 election, ministers have already signalled a further move away from those policies in recent days.
The government had flagged 4.2 billion euros of infrastructure spending in the Catalonia region for instance and a 1 percent pay rise for civil servants across the country.
It has agreed to lower value-added tax on theatre and concert entries, after Rajoy's tax hikes in the arts sector in 2012 proved deeply unpopular.
Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro said this week that, as part of the budget bill, the government would grant some 350,000 permanent contracts to temporary workers in the public sector, including 130,000 in health care.
DEFICIT LEEWAY
Spain's public deficit fell within targets agreed with the European Union for the first time since the global financial crisis in 2016.
It needs to shrink to 3.1 percent of output in 2017 from 4.54 percent last year, but the government is relying on strong growth this year rather than the spending cuts that characterised Rajoy's first term to shrink it further.
Job creation and export growth was more robust than many economists had expected in January and February, and some believe output may now expand at a higher rate than the 2.5 percent official forecast.
Data is still mixed, however, and retail sales fell in January for the first time in almost two and half months as inflation spiked. They were flat in February, data on Friday showed.
Rajoy's chances of getting the budget through look a lot more promising than a few months ago.
Two opposition parties, the centre-left Socialists and anti-austerity Podemos ("We Can"), have already said they will vote against it.
But the government has clinched a deal with the fourth-largest force in parliament, centrists Ciudadanos ("Citizens"), to back the bill after agreeing to commit 4.1 billion euros ($4.38 billion) on social spending and promising not to raise taxes.
Rajoy is also wooing regional parties in the Canary Islands and Basque Country to get them across the line with the majority they need.
Their People's Party (PP) has 137 of parliament's 350 seats and 176 votes are required to pass the budget into law. ($1 = 0.9359 euros) (Additional reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Alison Williams)
🔊 Click to listen to story
Don Pedro's Family Mexican Restaurant was founded in 1995 in Evanston, Wyoming by brothers Pedro and Placido Mena. They were supported by their wives, Lupita and Nina Mena. The town of Evanston welcomed the restaurant as soon as the doors opened. In order to keep up with the demand of their new restaurant, they opened a second location in Evanston. Eighteen years later, the business has grown to eight locations across the states of Wyoming, Utah, and North Dakota.
All of the Don Pedro's Family Mexican Restaurant menus still consist of the original family-created recipes that the local communities have come to love and demand. Start your night off with a fresh margarita and full selection of cocktails and appetizers. Then explore the dinner menu, which consists of a wide range of Mexican restaurant favorites ranging from sizzling fajitas and enchiladas to seafood and vegetarian dishes. Take a night off from cooking, and let their friendly staff cater to you and ensure that you leave full and happy. Even better, use this Mexican restaurant coupon to save a little money at their St. George locations.
Since Don Pedro's Family Mexican Restaurant opened in 1995, their goal has always been to provide local communities with the best dining experience they can offer. They strive for guests to leave satisfied, full, and ready to take on whatever their day has in store for them. Come in and enjoy their dining experience for yourself. They will be waiting to serve you and your families, seven days a week, for lunch and dinner.
April 6 Sprintex Ltd
* Issue price for placement and SPP will be $0.30 per share
* Will be conducting placement to raise about $1.48 million and a share purchase plan to raise a maximum of $6 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
British police are now investigating six claims of alleged sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey.
FILE - In this file photo dated Tuesday, June 21, 2016, actor Kevin Spacey waves as they arrive to attend the Giorgio Armani men's Spring-Summer 2016-2017 fashion show in Milan, Italy. . (AP Photo/Luca Bruno, FILE)
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015.
Related: London theatre received allegations against Kevin Spacey
Related: ‘House of Cards' to resume minus star Kevin Spacey
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Tile Shop recently entered the Houston market, the most populous metropolitan market in Texas, with the opening of a retail store in the southeastern suburb of Webster. Throughout 2017, The Tile Shop will open several other stores in the greater Houston area, including its second location coming mid-August to Sugar Land.
“Houston is one of the nation's most robust cities, and we believe Houstonians interested in interior design projects will be drawn to our industry-leading selection of premium products complemented by a unique in-store experience,” said Chris Homeister, president and CEO of The Tile Shop. “We look forward to serving this vibrant, and fast-growing market, and to growing our presence throughout Texas.”
The Webster showroom, an 11,500 sq ft store, features: tiles in an extensive variety of styles, color palettes, designs, shapes, patterns, and materials, including the Ted Baker premium designer tile collection offered exclusively at The Tile Shop; expert store associate guidance in selecting, designing, and ordering tile; accessories and finishing pieces; the design studio; and more than 50 fully-decorated, room-size displays. The Tile Shop's Pro Network benefits enable trade professionals special perks such as tile specification sheets, instructional videos, tiered discounts, jobsite delivery, in-house credit, co-marketing, and customer referrals.
For more information, visit www.tileshop.com.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Department of Transport and Tourism is being urged to review the land acquisition process for the Galway section of the planned Galway to Dublin greenway.
The government is currently attempting to acquire lands for the route through ‘permissive access.'
However, Galway West/South Mayo TD Eamon O'Cuiv says the system fails to compensate farmers – while allowing landowners to revoke permission at any time.
Deputy Eamon O'Cuiv says common sense must prevail.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lloyds Banking Group Plc:
* ‍STUART SINCLAIR, AN INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF COMPANY, WILL BE APPOINTED INTERIM CHAIRMAN​
* SINCLAIR WILL STEP DOWN FROM Their POSITION AS SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF PROVIDENT FINANCIAL PLC WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A high-level, Topeka-based Veterans Affairs official has been fired following an investigation into inappropriate conduct regarding sexually charged communication.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that former Health Resource Center director Robert Downs received the VA's decision to terminate their employment April 12.
The investigation alleges Downs and a female VA employee exchanged hundreds of salacious chat messages, most made during business hours, for over two years.
The woman was based out of the Asheville, North Carolina, VA Medical Center.
In addition to sexually provocative messages, the two allegedly discussed travel plans to see each other, visiting a strip club together, open marriage and the woman's job prospects at Kansas VA offices.
Downs says the relationship was consensual and no one benefited professionally. But they add they take full responsibility and is ready to move on.
March 31 Village Farms International Inc
* Village Farms announces year end 2016 results
* Village Farms International - sales for 3 months ended Dec 31, 2016 increased by $2,187, or 6%, to $37,308 from $35,121 for 3 months ended Dec 31, 2015
* Village Farms International Inc - net income for 3 months ended Dec 31, 2016 decreased by $2,033 to $453 from $2,486 for 3 months ended Dec 31, 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Northland Power Inc:
* Confirmed that first wind turbine installed on 332 MW offshore wind farm has successfully started to generate power
* Northland expects installation and commissioning of all 54 Nordsee One turbine to be completed by end of 2017
* Once operational, the 332 MW wind farm is expected to produce an annual output of more than 1,300 gigawatt-hours of electrical energy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
NYON, Switzerland — AC Milan's hunt for the only European title it lacks will continue against Ludogorets Razgrad in the last 32 of the Europa League.
With Milan currently seventh in Serie A, the Champions League place awarded to the Europa League winner could be the best chance for the seven-time European champion to return to the elite competition.
Atletico Madrid, the 2010 and 2012 Europa League winner, was drawn to face Copenhagen after placing third in its Champions League group. Napoli will play Leipzig in a pairing of two more teams which dropped down from the Champions League.
Also, it was: Celtic vs. Zenit St. Petersburg; Ostersund vs. Arsenal; and Astana vs. Sporting Lisbon.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Federal Crime Insider sources tell CBS 6 that there is no reason to believe accused Facebook killer Steve Stephens was in Virginia. During a nationally broadcast press conference, authorities also struck down other circulating rumors that Stephens was outside of Ohio -- saying they had no reason to believe that right now. Virginia State Police deferred to federal authorities, who are leading the manhunt, and who have established a $50,000 reward for Stephen's capture.
Facebook posts shared Monday from an account set-up to look like it belonged to Stephens indicated they were somewhere the Commonwealth.
Threatening messages were posted from that account.
During a Monday afternoon press conference, Cleveland Police announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to Stephens' arrest.
Stephens, 37, stands charged with Sunday's aggravated murder of 74-year-old Robert Godwin, and authorities say they could be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan.
The suspect's mother said that when they last saw Stephens on Saturday, they said it would be a miracle if they ever saw them again.
They spoke the next day, they said, and they told them they were shooting people because they were angry with their girlfriend.
Though Pennsylvania authorities said early Monday that Stephens' cellphone had issued a "ping," or a signal, in Erie, Pennsylvania, the Erie Police Department said Monday afternoon it had no knowledge of a ping emitted from its city. Erie is about 100 miles east of Cleveland.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told reporters Monday they couldn't speak to the report of a ping.
Stephens' last known location was the murder scene, they said.
Appearing alongside a US marshal and an FBI agent, Williams said investigators have searched dozens of locations, "to no avail," and that one of their detectives had spoken to Stephens via cellphone after the killing.
They did not elaborate on the call, other than to say the detective attempted to convince Stephens to surrender.
"We're still asking Steve to turn themselves in, but if they don't, we'll find him," the chief said. "We're not going to stop until we find him."
They warned any of Stephens' friends or family members who might assist them while he's on the lam: "If you think you're helping Steve, you're really not. You're going to get yourself in trouble."
Stephens is a black male who is 6-foot-1 and weighs 244 pounds. They were last seen wearing a dark blue and gray or black striped polo shirt. They were driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates, Cleveland police said.
"He is considered armed and dangerous, so we want people to be careful out there," Williams told reporters Sunday.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to Stephens' arrest.
Horrific footage
The investigation and search for Stephens began Sunday after several people reported an alarming Facebook post, police union president Steve Loomis said
Stephens uploaded a video to their Facebook page showing a gun pointed at a man's head. Stephens fires the weapon.
The victim recoils and falls to the ground.
The video was posted around 2 p.m. Sunday.
Facebook later took it down, calling it prohibited content.
"We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety," a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement.
Stephens claimed on Facebook that they committed multiple homicides, but police said they had no knowledge of other victims as of 9 a.m. ET Monday. They have many traffic violations but no criminal record, Williams said.
"Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues," the chief said.
As Cleveland police and the FBI were searching for Stephens on Sunday, more than 300 tips poured into the department, police said.
No confirmed sightings of Stephens were reported as the search moved into Monday.
'If you see me again, it'll be a miracle'
Stephens' mother, Maggie Green, said the oldest of their three children came by their house Saturday afternoon.
"He said this (was) the last time I was going to see him," recalled Green, 53.
Green, a former clerk at the Justice Center Complex in Cleveland who is now on disability, said the conversation confused them
"If you see me again, it'll be a miracle," they quoted them as saying.
On Sunday, Green learned about the shooting when their youngest son told them about the video.
They were "just dumbfounded" and called Stephens. They told them they were "shooting people" because they were "mad with their girlfriend" of about three years, they said, explaining it was a brief phone call because their phone died.
Williams said police have spoken to the woman Stephens was referencing and they are safe and cooperating with the investigation. The woman's neighbors told CNN that Stephens often stayed at their Twinsburg home with their three young girls. One resident said Stephens was there two days ago fixing the home's garage.
'We are shocked'
Police have not talked about a possible motive in the shooting. Stephens and Godwin didn't know each other, authorities said.
"From what we can tell now, it's just a random person that they picked out. We don't know why," Chief Williams said.
Stephens is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency in northeastern Ohio that serves children, teenagers and families, according to a spokesperson for the facility.
"We are shocked and horrified like everyone else," said Nancy Kortemeyer. "To think that one of our employees could do this is awful."
Kortemeyer could not provide Stephens' job title, nor could they say how long he'd worked at Beech Brook. Stephens' mother said they were a social worker.
Beech Brook was closed Monday "for the safety of our employees," Kortemeyer said. "At this point, we'll just be closing today, but we'll take it day by day."
Victim was 'a good man'
Robert Godwin was walking on the sidewalk when they met Stephens.
They were on their way home from an Easter meal at their children's home when they were killed, CNN affiliate WOIO reported.
Brenda Haymon, Godwin's youngest child from their first marriage, said they were a father of 10.
"He lived a good life. He's a man people should model themselves after," they said.
One of their sons, Robert Godwin Jr., told WOIO that their father's death isn't real to them yet.
"He is a good guy. ... He'd give you the shirt off their back, and I'm not just saying that for these cameras," they told the station. "This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone ... I don't know what I'm going to do."
Williams told reporters that the victim's family has reported several bogus GoFundMe accounts and asked that people refrain from contributing to any of them until the Godwins send out official details.
CNN Wire contributed to this report.
Members of the 2017 Aurora Sentinel All-Aurora Girls Golf Team pose at Family Sports Center. Back row, from left, Regis Jesuit's Katie Berrian, Vista PEAK's Kyree Conaway and Smoky Hill's Amisha Singh. Front row, Grandview's Caitlin O'Donnell and Amy Chitkoksoong. (Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel)
An Aurora girls golf team failed to win a state championship as a team for the first time since 2013, but an individual title trend continued.
Though Grandview wasn't able to defend its Class 5A state championship from 2016 — which came on the heels of a two-year run for Regis Jesuit — the Wolves had an individual winner in sophomore Amy Chitkoksoong.
Chitkoksoong highlights the Aurora Sentinel's 2017 All-Aurora Girls Golf Team, full of players who earned their way onto it with their performances at the 5A and 4A state tournaments.
The group includes two players each from Grandview (Chitkoksoong and Caitlin O'Donnell) and Regis Jesuit (Jaclyn Murray and Katie Berrian), plus individuals Amisha Singh (Smoky Hill) and Kyree Conaway (Vista PEAK).
Chitkoksoong finished second behind graduated from Regis Jesuit standout Mary Weinstein at last season's 5A state tournament and took the title this time by winning a three-hole playoff against Highlands Ranch's Jenny Chun.
Chitkoksoong won the Centennial League individual title for a second straight season and helped Grandview win the team league crown by a single stroke as well. They played their best golf at the end of the season and their steady performance in the second round earned them a chance to win the state title.
They and Chun both finished at plus-10 after two rounds at the challenging Club at Rolling Hills and went toe-to-toe in a playoff. Chitkoksoong (who shot 78 and 76 in their state rounds, respectively) prevailed with a bogey putt on the third hole to become the program's first individual state a champion, a year after they placed second.
Like all of their teammates, O'Donnell came away frustrated by the results of the first day of the state tournament, but mentally refocused and improved in their second round. O'Donnell shaved seven shots off their first-round performance to move into 22nd place, a definite rise from their 30th-place showing last season.
Murray made the All-Aurora team for the fourth time in as many seasons thanks to their 13th-place result. Though they aren't able to better the seventh-place finish they had in 2016, Murray (who shot 161 for the tournament) came in just one stroke behind a logjam of four other players who tied for ninth.
Berrian admitted to some nerves in their first state tournament, which in part contributed to a 17-over 89. They steadied themselves in the second round, however, to make one of the most dramatic turnarounds. Berrian shot 14 strokes better in the final round — with a 3-over 75 that was one stroke better than Chitkoksoong for Aurora's best — to climb up the leaderboard into a tie for 16th.
Singh tied for 13th last season in their state debut and managed another top 20 result when they came in tied for 18th.
Smoky Hill's lone player during the regular season, Singh won the regional tournament to get into state with solid putting, but that turned out to be one of their struggles at the state tournament. Much of that had to do with the fast greens on the state course, which also featured a number of greens that punished shots with too much pace. Singh followed an opening round 85 with an 81.
Vista PEAK's rise to prominence continued as the Bison secured the program's highest team and individual state finish.
In head coach Michael Dougherty's final state tournament before they depart the job, Conaway earned the first medal in program history as they tied for 10th in play at the Colorado National Golf Club in Erie.
An opening-round 80 gave Conaway a shot of confidence, however, they woke up the next morning feeling under the weather. Definitely not at their best, Conaway grinded their way to a 90 that put them in a tie for ninth.
Vista PEAK used Conaway's finish on its way to a program-best team finish of fifth.
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach them at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
2017 AURORA SENTINEL ALL-AURORA GIRLS GOLF TEAM
Katie Berrian, Regis Jesuit, fr.; Amy Chitkoksoong, Grandview, soph.; Kyree Conaway, Vista PEAK, jr.; Caitlin O'Donnell, Grandview, jr.; Jaclyn Murray, Regis Jesuit, sr.; Amisha Singh, Smoky Hill, soph.
Honorable mention
Eliannah Angel-Lucero, Regis Jesuit, soph.; Skylar Cain, Regis Jesuit, fr.; Kamryn Crouthers, Eaglecrest, jr.; Gabriella Ello, Cherokee Trail, fr.; Brooke Kramer, Cherokee Trail, jr.; Sharae Lewis, Grandview, sr.; Alix Mees, Cherokee Trail, sr.; Morgan Ryan, Grandview, soph.; Julia Shaver, Eaglecrest, jr.
The body of a US service member who went missing following a deadly ambush Wednesday in southwest Niger has been recovered, multiple US officials told CNN Friday.
The discovery of the missing US service member in a remote area of the northwestern African country by Nigerien troops comes nearly 48 hours after they were first discovered to be missing in the wake of the attack.
The recovery of the missing US service member raised the number of US troops killed in Wednesday's attack to four.
The Pentagon later confirmed the recovery.
“The body of another US service member has been recovered from the area of the attack bringing the number of US service members killed in this attack to four,” Department of Defense spokesperson Col. Rob Manning told reporters at the Pentagon.
The attack
The American servicemember, who has been identified by US military personnel, went missing after a group of US soldiers near the Niger-Mali border were attacked by up to 50 fighters that are thought to be likely affiliated with ISIS, a US official said.
The 12-member US team was leaving a meeting with local leaders in unarmored pick-up trucks when they began taking fire from small arms, machine guns and rocket propelled grenades, according to a US defense official.
With window glass exploding all around them, the US soldiers, including multiple Green Berets, exited the vehicles, ran for cover, and began returning fire, killing some of the attacking militants.
It is unclear how the missing service member became separated during the firefight from the rest of the advisory team they were accompanying. None of the other soldiers involved in the engagement witnessed them being captured or taken away by enemy forces.
The US military does not believe the missing servicemember was ever in enemy hands.
One reason the US military launched the urgent search and rescue mission was that electronic signals were monitored indicating the possibility that they were still alive in the field.
The US military initially issued a statement Thursday saying the attack left three US service members dead and two wounded.
A large-scale search and rescue operation involving US, French and Nigerien troops was launched soon after US officials realized one of the US service members was unaccounted for.
Coordination of efforts
Elite US Special Operations Forces troops were flown in from the continental US to aid in the recovery effort.
US Navy SEALs were deployed to a US military base in Sigonella, Sicily in anticipation of a possible rescue attempt but never went into Niger.
“We had everything, jets, rotary wings, (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance), various platforms, human intelligence, signals intelligence, you name it,” US Army Col. Mark Cheadle, a spokesperson for Africa Command told reporters at the Pentagon Friday via a phone call. “There was a full-court press by all of (the Department of Defense), the Nigerien government, the Department of State and the French to help us recover our lost one.”
They added that the Nigerien troops who found the body in the vicinity of the attack transferred the remains to a team of US Special Operations Forces who flew the body to the capital, Niamey, where it was identified, Cheadle said.
Cheadle said the Nigeriens were “very respectful” and “fully aware of the need to honor the fallen.”
CNN did not report the details of the search operation while it was ongoing and did not report the deceased service member's recovery until CNN was assured that their family was notified.
The investigation
A US official says a full investigation into what happened is underway.
Cheadle told reporters that Africa Command was reevaluating its force protection procedures for its advisory missions.
“This was not expected,” Cheadle said, adding “had we anticipated this sort of attack we would have absolutely devoted more resources to it to reduce the risk and that's something we are looking at right now.”
A spokesperson for the French Ministry of Defense told CNN Thursday that French troops from the Barkhane anti-terror force based in neighboring Chad were involved in an operation in Niger. They said the operation was led by Niger with French troops supporting them. US officials told CNN Thursday that French military Super Puma helicopters evacuated the wounded Americans along with those killed in action while also providing covering fire. The wounded were first flown to the capital Niamey and later to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany.
French military attack aircraft also flew to the area in an attempt to support US personnel on the ground.
“Our allies the French were very quick to respond,” Cheadle said.
Five Nigerien soldiers also were killed in the attack, according to a Nigerien security official.
About a platoon-sized element of Nigerien troops were accompanying the US team.
“We are resolved and stalwart in our efforts to go after those who attacked us,” Cheadle said, adding that while the US military has “an idea” who was behind the ambush, they declined to identify the group involved.
Advise and assist mission
The US soldiers were part of a team advising and assisting local forces.
The Army issued a statement Friday identifying the three soldiers earlier reported killed in action as being two Green Berets, Staff Sgt. Bryan Black, and Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, and a third soldier, Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson.
All three soldiers were assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) at Fort Bragg, according to a statement issued by US Army Special Operations Command.
The attack occurred approximately 200 kilometers north of the country's capital, Niamey, in southwest Niger, according to the statement from Africa Command, which oversees military operations in Africa.
“US forces are in Niger to provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces, in their efforts to counter violent extremist organizations in the region,” the statement from Africa Command said.
There are about 800 US troops in Niger and the US military has maintained a presence in the northwest African country for five years, with small groups of US Special Operations Forces advising local troops as they battle terrorist groups, including, Islamic State in Greater Sahara, the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram and al Qaeda's North African branch, al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
“US forces are in Niger to provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces, including support for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance efforts, in their efforts to target violent extremist organizations in the region,” US Navy Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Falvo, a spokesperson for US Africa Command, said Wedensday, adding, “one aspect of that is training, advising and assisting the Nigeriens in order to increase their ability to bring stability and security to their people.”
“Niger is an important partner of ours, we have a deep relationship with them,” Lt. Gen. Kenneth McKenzie, the director of the Joint Staff, told reporters at the Pentagon Thursday. “We are committed to that relationship, we believe that they are as well in fact I think it's a very good success story.”
Terror group movement
US officials assess that these terrorist groups view Chad, Niger and Mali as being particularity important as they serve as bridges between north and sub-Saharan Africa, saying that local al Qaeda and ISIS affiliates use control of these transit routes to gain revenue that helps them recruit, expand and export attacks. ISIS uses these North-South transit routes to move fighters northward, where they can gain more easily access Europe and the West.
One official told CNN that ISIS is attempting to illegally infiltrate the gold mining industry in Niger to sell on the black market and finance world terrorism.
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has maintained a presence in the Mali-Niger border area, despite a multi-year French-led military counterterrorism effort, Operation Barkhane, which began in 2014.
The US military has largely played a supporting role, providing intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance assets in support French forces operating in Mali and Niger. The French operation involves thousands of French troops as well as forces from Germany, Mali, Niger and other countries in the region.
And while US troops largely play a supporting role in Niger, military leaders acknowledge the risks they face.
“Clearly there are risks for our forces in Niger,” McKenzie said while declining to discuss the specifics of Wednesday's attack, citing “ongoing partnered operations.”
“Any time we deploy full forces globally, we look very hard at the enablers that need to be in place in order to provide security for them and that ranges from the ability to pull them out if they're injured to the ability to reinforce them at the point of a fight if they need reinforcement,” they said.
“Certainly to the soldiers in the fight it was combat,” McKenzie added.
The Pentagon is in the process of establishing a drone base just outside the city of Agadez in Niger in an effort to bolster regional counterterrorism efforts. The US has been using a local Nigerien airport while the base is under construction, according to US Africa Command.
Christina El Moussa is creating a new life for themselves nearly two years after their marriage came crashing down.
At the end of 2017, as their divorce from ex-husband Tarek was about be finalized, and a new relationship with British TV presenter Ant Anstead was just beginning to blossom, the Flip or Flop star had a vision for the year ahead.
“It was New Year's Eve, and I was looking at 2018, and I thought of the year as the rebuild,” they tell PEOPLE in the latest issue. “I'm starting from scratch, basically.”
RELATED: Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa Opens Up About Them Painful Divorce: ‘I Felt Like I Was Drowning'
Justin Coit
El Moussa is moving to a new house in Newport Beach, California, after selling the one they shared with Tarek in Yorba Linda, and filming a new solo HGTV series, Christina on the Coast.
“The first episode is going to follow me house hunting for my new house and choosing it, and then fixing it up and moving the kids in,” says Christina, who shares daughter Taylor, 7, and son Brayden, 2, with Tarek. “I'm super, super excited about that.” Seven more episodes will show the real estate investor and designer helping other homeowners make over their spaces to mirror their coastal style.
Justin Coit
Watch the full episode of People Cover Story: Christina El Moussa— I've Never Been So Happy!, streaming now on peopletv.com, or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite device.
“I'm really excited to do my own thing,” Christina says. “It's going to be fun and lighthearted. I feel like it's a win-win.”
While no decision has been made on whether Flip or Flop will continue, Christina says both they and Tarek would be excited to continue working together but admits that viewers will see more of their tension this time around.
Justin Coit
RELATED: Christina and Tarek El Moussa Embrace the Awkward in First Flip or Flop Episode Since Divorce
“In the past, if Tarek and I would get into an argument, they would turn off the camera. Now, they just let it roll. I probably put up more of a fight than I used to, and they stand their ground more, because at the end of the day we're not going home together.”
With so much to look forward to, Christina's new life is already in motion. “I'm just so happy,” they say. “And for the first time in a long time, I feel at peace, which is such a good feeling.”
For more on Christina El Moussa, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
Man pleads guilty to arson in 2015 Central Washington fire
WENATCHEE, Wash. (AP) — A 39-year-old man has admitted to setting a fire that destroyed nearly 30 homes in north-central Washington in 2015.
Jeremy Kendall of Wenatchee pleaded guilty to first-degree arson Tuesday in Chelan County Superior Court.
Chelan County Prosecutor Douglas Shae says Kendall was sentenced to 27 months in prison.
The so-called Sleepy Hollow fire in the Wenatchee area scorched more than 4 square miles during the state's worst wildfire season.
Kendall was charged in 2016 but was found to be incompetent to stand trial. They were ordered to undergo mental health treatment at Eastern State Hospital.
Shae says Kendall was found fit to stand trial and indicated at their arraignment last week that they wanted to enter a guilty plea.
Shae says people whose homes burned have been compassionate about Kendall's condition but also feel they didn't get enough time.
FILE PHOTO: An internally displaced South Sudanese woman (R) waits to receive food aid from the World Food Programme in Bor, Jonglei state, December 10, 2014. REUTERS/Jok Solomon
JUBA South Sudan's government has increased registration fees nearly six-fold for international aid groups seeking to operate in the war-torn nation, an official told Reuters.
Two years after emerging as an independent state, the oil-rich country was plunged into conflict in December 2013 as rivalry between President Salva Kiir and their then-vice president, Riek Machar, exploded into violence.
The new order will require an international non-governmental organisation (NGO) seeking to work in South Sudan to pay $3,500, up from $600. Local groups will pay $500, up from $450.
"This is to notify all NGOs operating in the Republic of South Sudan that the registration and licensing fees for 2017-2018 have been changed due to the increasing demand of humanitarian needs in the country," said Deng Tong Kenjok, registrar of NGOs at the government's Relief and Rehabilitation commission.
Rajab Mohandis, executive director of the Sudanese Network for Democratic Elections, said the new fees would hamper the work of small local NGOs.
They would make registration "quite unaffordable" for those working "in only one county or state", they told Reuters.
The war-ravaged nation counts 130 international non-governmental organisations and 500 local ones, including civil society groups, Kenjok said.
South Sudan is acutely in need of aid. More than 3 million people have fled their homes, creating Africa's biggest refugee crisis since the Rwandan genocide in 1994.
The economy is in a tailspin, harvests are devastated by drought and millions face famine.
Aid workers are also contending with extreme risks: a U.N. official said last month that 82 had been killed since the civil war began.
(Writing by Clement Uwiringiyimana; editing by Mark Trevelyan)
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
April 10 Doubledragon Properties Corp:
* Confirm that co is planning to raise 9.7 billion pesos of retail bonds to fund its remaining capex requirements
* Refers to news article in Businessworld online on april 10, 2017 entitled “Doubledragon plans retail bond issue by mid 2017” Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Logo of Israeli defence electronics firm Elbit Systems is seen at their offices in Haifa, Israel February 26, 2017. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Attendees gather at the exhibit stall of software technology firm Check Point at the Cybertech 2016 conference in Tel Aviv, Israel January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A 'Cyber Horse', made from thousands of infected computer and cell phone bits, is displayed at the entrance to the annual Cyberweek conference at Tel Aviv University, Israel June 20, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
RAANANA, Israel Israeli defense electronics company Elbit Systems forecasts double-digit growth for its Cyberbit business, which is transforming the technology it has long provided for military intelligence to the fast-growing commercial market. Cyberbit took shape after Elbit's $150 million acquisition of the cyber and intelligence unit of Israel's Nice Systems in 2015, blending Nice's technology designed for law enforcement and intelligence agencies with Elbit's military-focused capabilities.
Today Cyberbit operates as two companies - one focused on government security and intelligence and subject to Israeli export restrictions, the other catering for the commercial market, mainly financial firms and utilities. Both are headed by Cyberbit Chief Executive Adi Dar.
Elbit CEO Bezhalel Machlis described cyber as a major growth engine for the company, which is Israel's largest listed defense company group with revenue of $3.3 billion in 2016. Its Hermes drones, surveillance systems and simulators are top sellers in Europe and South America.
While Cyberbit chief Dar would not disclose how much revenue their division generates, they said that cyber sales were growing by "strong double-digits" compared with Elbit's overall growth of 5 percent in 2016. "We expect that pace to continue," they told Reuters.
Cyberbit entered the commercial market by developing detection and response systems to protect "endpoints" such as laptops and mobile devices, where it competes with Carbon Black and FireEye of the United States.
Dar said Cyberbit is distinguished from its competitors because it is "playing on both sides of the court" -- meaning it provides technologies that can both carry out cyber-attacks and deliver defense.
"We build offensive capabilities for governments," they said. "We know what agents should look for because we are from that world."
Cyberbit is competing in a cybersecurity market dominated by the country's biggest tech company Check Point Software and is seeing strong demand for its cyber simulation platforms.
These create a virtual network and virtual attacks, helping the public and private sectors train staff to tackle the growing threat.
The simulation platforms are seeing strong demand given an increasing shortage for skilled cyberworkers.
Globally, 1.8 million cybersecurity positions will be unfilled by 2022, the Center for Cyber Safety and Education estimates.
In the coming weeks, the Maryland Range training center will open in Baltimore, using a Cyberbit platform to train workers in protecting critical infrastructure.
In February, Cyberbit agreed with Japanese service provider Ni Cybersecurity to launch a training center in Tokyo. Japan estimates it will have a shortage of 200,000 IT security professionals by 2020, when it expects a sharp increase in cyberattacks around the Tokyo Olympics.
(Editing by Toby Davis)
The City of Salmon Arm closed Canoe Beach due to high water on Monday, May 28. (Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer)
Barring heavy rains, the level of Shuswap Lake could peak this week and then begin receding. However, the lake level is currently high enough to close several boat launches and public beaches around the Shuswap.
The Harbour Road Boat Launch located at 1955 Eagle Bay Rd. in Sicamous is closed until further notice.
The Kappel Street Boat Launch into the Sicamous channel, and the Windsor Road boat launch in Swansea Point are also closed.
The Oxford Road lake access in Swansea Point has also been closed by the Columbia Shuswap Regional District.
The CSRD operates two additional boat launch sites within the Sorrento/Blind Bay area, the Markwart Road Boat Launch in Sorrento and the Whitehead Road Boat Launch in Eagle Bay. Both of those remain open at this time for use by the public.
The boat launches in Salmon Arm remain open at this time, although City of Salmon Arm staff say the launches in Canoe and at Marine Park are being monitored daily and could close without much advance notice. This also goes for other launches in the Sicamous area, which also could be closed due to high water levels.
Pebble Beach and Sandy Beach parks in Blind Bay and Shannon Beach in Eagle Bay have also been closed to the public.
The City of Salmon Arm made the decision to close Canoe Beach Park on May 28, after water could be seen at the tunnel beach access under the train tracks.
“Due to the high water levels and to ensure public safety, effective today, the city has made the decision to close Canoe Beach,” writes city director of engineering and public works Rob Niewenhuizen.
“However, on a positive note, it appears that all of the major river flows into Shuswap Lake have reached a peak and are starting to drop, so hopefully the lake levels will peak soon and we will be able to start the clean-up process.”
Related: Salmon River upgraded to flood warning
Forecasts indicate the lake water will begin to recede later this week.
David Campbell, head of the BC River Forecast Centre, said favourable weather has mediated river flooding concerns across most of B.C. while increased rates of snow melt have bumped up the usual mid-June peak river period.
“We are seeing the accelerated snowpack melt continue in recent days from 40 to 100 per cent at the higher elevations,” said Campbell.
“We are several weeks ahead of the normal flood season river peak levels due to the extreme hot temperatures over the last month.”
Campbell said Shuswap Lake is expected to peak later this week, as is the South Thompson River that it drains into.
Related: 2017 – Lake level similar to flood years
Although provincial forecasters are predicting Shuswap Lake could reach its peak level later this week, the CSRD is still urging caution for those with property close to the lake.
Derek Sutherland, the CSRD's team leader with protective services, says they would like property owners to remain vigilant and not remove flood protection measures for at least a week.
They say it's still too soon to tell if Shuswap Lake has peaked.
“It's certainly slowing down. Our modelling is showing that the lake is peaking and may drop here soon. But it's still very early… “
They say the lake has been known to level off and then surge another one or two times before reaching its highest level.
Related: In photos – back to flooding in the Shuswap
Municipal governments are warning boaters still planning to head out on the water to take additional care. Boaters are being asked to reduce speed to 10 km/h within 30 metres (100 feet) of the shore line to avoid creating wakes. They can cause erosion and damage to the shoreline and properties which are in danger of flooding. Boaters are also asked to use extreme caution because debris, some of which may be below the water's surface and not visible to boat operators, can damage boats and cause injuries.
–With files from Tracy Hughes, Martha Wickett and Barry Gerding
@SalmonArm
newsroom@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
March 31 Standard Bank Group Ltd:
* Standard Bank Statement
* Standard Bank Group Chief Executives' statement on cabinet reshuffle and ministerial changes at national treasury
* Do not think there is enough evidence to comment usefully on effects of reshuffle as a whole on South Africa's economic performance and development
* "Deeply regret" President's decision to relieve Pravin Gordhan, Mcebesi Jonas of their offices
* It is probable that this financial shock will trigger economic weakness with consequences for job and income generation
* "These negative effects could be enduring unless urgent steps are taken to restore public confidence" in fiscal governance, rebuild S. Africa's credibility in financial mkts Further company coverage: (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru)
Fraudsters are using a simple but effective scam to get into your bank accounts – and it has cost one woman £20,000.
The 29-year-old received a call from a ‘member of a bank' to tell them of a big transaction which was trying to be processed, reports Wales Online.
It resulted in them having a £20,000 high-interest loan taken out in their name.
Katie said they were called by a man who told them they were from the NatWest fraud team.
They said: “A man rang and said they were from the NatWest fraud team and that there had been unusual transactions on my account.
“He said that £600 had been spent at an Argos in Scotland and they were calling to make sure it is not me.
“He said they would go through some security checks. I have had a lot of calls with banks and it sounded like a normal call.”
Katie said they did not have that much in their account and they immediately worried they had been overdrawn.
They said: “Once we had talked for a bit they said that they had just noticed something on the account and wanted to speak to their manager. Then they came back and said they had been transferring between my accounts.
“Then they said that they would send me a verification code and I should read it back to him.”
They then received a text with a code which they read out. What they didn't realise was the scammer was using it to set up the NatWest app on their phone in their name.
“He must have been setting up an online banking app and I had just given them the verification code,” they said.
“Next they wanted to check my other details. They asked for the fourth and fifth letters in my password. They were using those to sign in to my account.”
At this point Katie became suspicious. They said: “I asked how do I know that this this is not a scam and they said ‘what do you want to know?'
“He had already got into my account by then so they were able to give me details about individual transactions.
(Image: Wales Online)
“He then said that I should delete my online banking app. That way I couldn't see what they were doing.
Later that evening that they realised that something was very wrong.
“My stepdad works in a bank and they said to ring NatWest myself to make sure it is not a scam. I called them and they said they hadn't rang.
“They cancelled my card and online banking and told me to do a master reset on my phone.
“I feel so stupid knowing what they were doing. I was obviously quite upset at the time because they said someone was spending my money and I didn't have that much in my account.”
A few days later Katie discovered what they had done with their details. They received a letter saying that they had been approved for a loan and £20,000 was now in their account.
Luckily the account had been frozen so the scammers couldn't get their hands on the cash, but Katie decided to speak out about their experience to stop others falling victim to the same scam.
“After I realised I was just so angry,” they said.
“I am not an angry person but the fact that someone can do that in person- it is more human than a mass email. It feels like a violation of my personal details and I am going to change my number.”
Rosalina Kariotakis, President of the Ride Share Drivers' Association of Australia, is reflected in a mirror as they sit in their car they use for the ride services company Uber along a street in central Sydney, Australia, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
Rosalina Kariotakis, President of the Ride Share Drivers' Association of Australia, is reflected in a mirror as they drive their car they use for the ride services company Uber along a street in central Sydney, Australia, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
Rosalina Kariotakis, President of the Ride Share Drivers' Association of Australia, is reflected in a mirror as they drive their car they use for the ride services company Uber along a street in central Sydney, Australia, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY When ride-hailing company Uber started in 2014, Sydney resident Rosalina Kariotakis was among the first drivers to sign up, becoming part of the "gig economy" where freelance work is transforming the traditional job market in step with advances in technology.
Mobile or online platforms are at the forefront of a boon in casual work for individuals who are seeking greater flexibility for less security - many of them are giving up benefits such as sick leave, life insurance and pension fund savings.
In Australia, this sea change is putting a strain on the country's much-admired A$2.1 trillion ($1.60 trillion) system of retirement savings - the world's fourth largest - which relies on mandated contributions by employers.
"Our research shows that contingent and part-time workers are missing out on A$150 million a year in super payments," said Damian Hill, chief executive of REST Super, a superannuation fund with A$39 billion in assets.
Australia is one of the few countries to have a mandatory retirement system, also known as superannuations or supers, whereby employers pay a contribution of 9.5 percent on top of the employees' wages.
But digital companies including Uber, Deliveroo, Airtasker and Foodora, which employ independent contractors are not obliged to contribute to superannuations as the workers are seen as self employed.
Even Kariotakis, a former General Motors employee now in their mid-40s, is nervous about the absence of retirement savings.
"It's a big problem," Kariotakis said, in response to how they envisage their finances when they retire. "At the moment, we can't afford to put money aside."
WORRISOME TREND
So as the gig economy grows, it signals a problematic trend for the retirement savings pool in Australia which made superannuations compulsory in 1983 to reduce the reliance on the national pension system.
Even though the gig economy's "leakage" from the pension funds is a drop compared with the A$136 billion of annual contributions paid by employers in 2016, the dent on retirement savings could be significant in years to come.
"When people are self-employed, their tendency to set aside money for retirement is secondary to their need to maintain cashflow for the business," said Martin Fahy, the chief executive of Australia's superannuation industry body.
While the scale of Australia's gig economy - a relatively recent phenomenon - is yet to be reflected in official data, an increasing number of individuals are freelancing for various digital outfits.
The Australian Industry Group, a major business lobby, said in an August 2016 report that 32 percent of the country's workforce had freelanced between 2014 and 2015 - meaning the digital economy is already creating irrevocable changes in the country's labor market.
In the longer term, Kariotakis is hoping to see modifications to the national benefits framework so that employers, such as Uber, are legally forced to pay pension benefits.
Such changes are already being considered in the United States and Great Britain where policymakers are looking to alter the definition of employees and contractors to reinforce workers' rights in the modern economy.
"We'd like to have a situation where it doesn't matter whether it's an employee or a contractor doing the work as long as they end up getting the same benefits," said Professor Kevin Davis, a research director at the Australian Center for Financial Studies.
"How you do it? I'm not sure."
(Reporting by Cecile Lefort; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
(Adds Transportation Department statement)
By Hilary Russ
NEWARK, N.J., April 19 To preserve federal funding for critical rail projects, New Jersey and New York senators on Wednesday asked U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to examine firsthand the decaying train tunnels that threaten to cripple regional travel if they fail.
In a letter to Chao, four Democratic senators, two each from New York and New Jersey, asked Chao to visit before Republican President Donald Trump's administration finalizes any federal infrastructure package.
They also urged Chao to support Amtrak's Gateway Program, which includes building a passenger rail tunnel underneath the Hudson River in partnership with NJ Transit, the two states, and their bi-state port authority.
That project, which had been fast-tracked by Chao's predecessor in the administration of former President Barack Obama, is considered one of the most important infrastructure projects in the nation.
"We're teetering every single day on the brink of truly a traffic Armageddon," U.S. Senator Corey Booker said at a news conference in Newark's Penn Station about the invitation to Chao they issued with New York senators Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and fellow New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez.
"The new administration has to come to the table with a commitment to what is not just a New Jersey problem, not just a regional problem, but really an American problem," Booker said.
The area is also a chokepoint on Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, a key section of rail that connects Washington to Boston.
The Transportation Department said in a statement that Chao intends to tour a number of the country's infrastructure projects, including the Gateway site.
An important source of funding for Gateway and some other U.S. projects is uncertain because Trump proposed cutting the federal New Starts grant program in their initial budget plan.
Two NJ Transit train derailments in recent weeks, both the fault of Amtrak, badly snarled commutes. They also prompted New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a Republican, to say they would halt state payments to the national rail operator, from which NJ Transit leases tracks.
At the news conference, a handful of protesters criticized Christie for underfunding New Jersey transportation and cancelling a previous rail tunnel project.
The governor on Wednesday blamed problems on "an absolute failure of the federal government to stand up to their obligations" to maintain infrastructure and said Amtrak is part of Chao's responsibility.
They said they had spoken to Trump about the Gateway project.
(Reporting by Hilary Russ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Germany: Merkel pledges 'every effort' to avert US trade war
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Markus Schreiber, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers their speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers their speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Photo: Markus Schreiber, AP Image 2 of 4 German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Photo: Markus Schreiber, AP Image 3 of 4 German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech during a budget debate at the German parliament Bundestag at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Photo: Markus Schreiber, AP Image 4 of 4 Germany: Merkel pledges 'every effort' to avert US trade war 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, and underlined their country's commitment to raise defense spending gradually — another point of contention with Washington.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts, something that could be painful for Germany with its major auto industry.
"It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that," Merkel told the German parliament, noting that the head of the EU's executive Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will soon travel to the U.S.
They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners, and also questioned the value of measuring surpluses and deficits by trade in goods alone. If digital services were included, they said, it's likely that the U.S. would have a trade surplus with Europe.
"It is almost old-fashioned only to count goods and not to count services," they said.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defense spending ahead of NATO's July 11-12 summit in Brussels. In 2014, NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets, start spending more than their economies grew and move toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade.
Germany's current spending amounts to 1.24 percent of GDP.
Merkel said that, though spending is rising, "relative to what others are doing in terms of their gross domestic product, that is far from sufficient." They added that "that is why we have committed to spend 1.5 percent of gross domestic product for this by 2025," and defended Germany's position.
"Germany is a reliable partner in NATO," Merkel said. "We are the second-biggest troop provider, we participate in many missions, and Germany will remain a reliable partner in NATO."
In a message to skeptics at home, they added that "we can't act as though the issue of defense weren't a pressing one in our time."
A Chinese man walks away with a goat they just purchased from a North Korean soldier at the North Korean side of the border in Dandong of China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A North Korean soldier looks through a pair of binoculars at a watch tower in Sinuiju, North Korea, just across from Dandong of China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans dancers perform at the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Joseph Campbell
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Koreans attend the opening of a new cultural exhibition ahead of the celebrations marking the founding president Kim Il Sung's 105th birthday in Dandong, Liaoning province, China, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A North Korean soldier climbs off of a motorcycle in Sinuiju, North Korea, which borders Dandong of China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A North Korean soldier walks as they are on guard at the Yalu River in Sinuiju, North Korea, which borders Dandong of China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A North Korean soldier stands on guard at the Yalu River in Sinuiju, North Korea, which borders Dandong of China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Korean people walk in a field as a section of the Great Wall is seen on the Chinese side of the Yalu River, north of the town of Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A taxi is parked in front of retired airplane and tank on display, at a Chinese village bordering North Korea at Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
DANDONG, China It is at China's main border post with North Korea where Beijing's fraught dilemma over how to keep its unpredictable neighbour in check is best encapsulated.
The diplomatically isolated North is almost entirely dependent on trade with China to prop up its impoverished economy, and about three quarters of that trade flows across the winding Yalu River to Dandong, a sleepy port city in China's north-eastern Liaoning province.
At Lazigou, a small village less than an hour's drive from Dandong, the Yalu's tributaries narrow to just dozens of metres (yards), making the area conducive to casual interaction and even informal commercial transactions.
During a visit to Lazigou on Friday, Reuters journalists saw a Chinese restaurant owner paddling over the river in a small fishing boat, reaching the other side in a matter of seconds. They purchased a goat from a waiting North Korean soldier before returning swiftly.
Meanwhile, another North Korean, a civilian, had waded halfway across, collecting mussels along the river's floor.
"If war does break out, North Koreans could just swim straight across here," said the restaurant owner, who only gave their last name, Wang.
Despite widespread poverty, relatively few North Koreans defect across the Chinese border during times of relative stability due to the difficulty of bypassing surveillance and armed border guards, the repercussions for family members left behind, as well as the risk of being returned by Chinese authorities.
"It all depends on the political situation there," said another local resident. "If I was them, I'd be the first one to run if North Korea falls."
This is the worry for China. It opposes Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles and has signed up to tough United Nations sanctions slapped on North Korea.
But it has long been wary of pushing too hard, for fear it could trigger a regime collapse, sending millions of North Koreans surging across the border seeking refuge, while potentially removing a geographic buffer between China and South Korea, a U.S. ally.
Tensions over North Korea have heightened this week. The North may conduct a sixth nuclear test to mark Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of state founder Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of the current leader.
U.S. President Donald Trump has sent an aircraft carrier group to the region as a show of force and threatened unilateral action in response, drawing furious threats of retaliation from Pyongyang.
"IRREVERSIBLE AND UNMANAGEABLE"
China said on Friday tension over North Korea had to be stopped from reaching an "irreversible and unmanageable stage" while Japanese media have said the government in Tokyo is also discussing how to cope with a possible flood of North Korean refugees.
China is much closer to the insular state, with which it shares a long land border.
Speedboat tours carrying small groups of Chinese tourists regularly set off from Lazigou's small jetty into North Korean waters, with tour operators promising an up-close view of North Korean border guards and villages.
Tour operators offer small bags of bread and biscuits for sale, which tourists can throw onto the shore for border guards and children to eat.
"Some tourists treat it like going to the zoo," one tour guide said.
Despite the tension, the mood in Dandong has remained relaxed, with no obvious signs of increased Chinese security or military presence along the border, which is fortified by vast stretches of wire fences.
The region typically has a lighter security presence than the more porous border along the Tumen River, further north in Jilin province, where most of China's border military presence is concentrated.
On Friday, celebrations to mark Kim Il Sung's birth anniversary were held at a cultural centre in Dandong, attended by the city's senior Communist Party officials and North Korean envoys from Pyongyang, as well as from its diplomatic missions in Beijing and other Chinese cities.
"China and North Korea are brothers through thick and thin," said one Chinese attendee. "You can say there are tensions now but it's like fish and water, it's an inseparable relationship."
(Additional reporting by Joseph Campbell and Aly Song in DANDONG; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Have your say
Leeds Festival organisers have announced that pineapples will not be allowed at the event this Bank Holiday.
The exotic fruit appears on a list of banned items alongside fireworks and weapons.
The ban has been issued after it was feared fans of the band Glass Animals, who are due to perform at Leeds and its sister festival Reading, would bring hundreds of pineapples into the site at Bramham Park.
Glass Animals reference pineapples in their lyrics and have decorated their sets with the fruit during previous festival appearances.
However, the group's drummer Joe Seaward denounced the decision as 'fruitist' and questioned why other large exotic fruits, such as watermelons, are permitted.
But organisers did add that the decision was 'slightly tongue-in-cheek'.
Other forbidden items include drones and glassware.
SMITHFIELD, R.I. — Senior Joel Hernandez poured in a career-high 32 points and sophomore Julian Batts added a career-best 27 to power LIU Brooklyn to an 84-71 victory over Bryant on Saturday.
Hernandez, who scored a personal-best 30 their last time out in a win over Sacred Heart, hit 12 of 23 from the floor and grabbed eight rebounds for the Blackbirds (12-13, 7-5 Northeast Conference). Batts buried a career-high seven 3-pointers as LIU Brooklyn shot 44 per cent from the floor and 40 per cent (14 of 35) from distance. Batts snared nine rebounds, tying their best effort on the boards. The Blackbirds, who picked up their third straight victory, won the rebound battle 51-37.
Ikenna Ndugba topped the Bulldogs (2-23, 1-11) with 18 points. Adam Grant and Tanner Johnson added 15 and 14 points, respectively, while Brandon Carroll snagged 10 rebounds to go with nine points. Bryant, which had an 11-game losing streak earlier this season, has now dropped eight straight.
The Bulldogs made just 28 of 77 shots from the floor (36 per cent), including 7 of 34 from distance (21 per cent).
UPDATE 1-Kazakh Halyk Bank to inject $585 mln into KKB after takeover
ALMATY, June 15 Kazakhstan's Halyk Bank , said on Thursday it would inject 185 billion tenges ($585 million) into Kazkommertsbank after buying almost full control of the troubled lender.
The release of the updated Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2017 formally heralded the evolution of the traditional risk management mindset, wherein risks are managed as a consequence of business operations, towards a more proactive stance for managing risks. Entitled “Enterprise Risk Management — Integrating with Strategy and Performance,” the updated Framework highlights the importance of considering risks even at the onset of strategy setting, as well as throughout the process of driving organizational performance.
RESHAPING THE ERM LANDSCAPE
It is now close to a year since the publication was released and the Framework has been gradually reshaping how business leaders talk about risk. There is greater awareness among these leaders of the relationship between risk and value — that there is more to it beyond mere value protection. In fact, risk management, when properly embedded into the organizational DNA, can potentially result in value creation.
It must also be said that there has been a renewed effort by Philippine regulators to further promote the importance of enterprise risk management as a tool for the continued sustainable growth of the Philippine business environment. Financial institutions falling under the supervision of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) would most likely think of BSP Circular 971: Guidelines on Risk Governance, which requires banks and nonbank financial institutions alike to establish their own enterprise-wide risk governance framework with the ultimate goal of ensuring that these institutions possess risk management capabilities that are commensurate with their size, complexity, risk profile and systemic importance. Publicly listed companies, on the other hand, may be more familiar with Principle 12 of the 2016 Code of Corporate Governance for Publicly-Listed Companies issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which similarly requires these companies to have an enterprise risk management framework to help sustain safe and sound operations as well as implement management policies to attain corporate goals.
ANTICIPATING THE FUTURE OF ERM
As the understanding of risk continues to grow deeper and the practice of risk management becomes even more widespread, we can naturally expect the future to bring along even more changes to the field of ERM.
• Business leaders, having realized the potential that comes with unlocking the value of risk and supporting this with appropriate risk management practices, will seek to maximize the value that they can reap from their business strategy by crafting carefully calibrated risk and reward objectives. To this end, they will look into employing more sophisticated tools and technology to generate accurate information in a timelier manner.
• Shareholders and investors, on the other hand, will continue to hold these leaders accountable for the protection of their investments, as well as demand a reasonable amount of return on their invested funds. To allow for more informed decision making, an increasingly educated investing public will further drive demand for quality information, thereby requiring management to provide more comprehensive disclosures on how it manages risks.
• Regulators and standard-setters are expected to follow suit with even more detailed and comprehensive guidelines on risk management to ensure and promote market stability.
• People/employees comprise one of the largest key stakeholder groups of the organization who will be greatly affected by changes in existing processes owing to the deeper integration of core risk management principles into the corporate strategy and day-to-day operations. Consequently, they will require more comprehensive and detailed guidance on how to best execute their duties and functions whilst maintaining the proper risk mindset.
Considering the link between risk management, strategy and performance, as well as looking at these anticipated developments, we can clearly see that risk management holds a very important place in the organizational agenda for 2018 and even beyond.
So now, the key question is: how should your organization go about implementing ERM?
FORGING AHEAD WITH ERM
Having helped organizations with their ERM implementation, I can say with conviction that there really is no single way to implement ERM across organizations that are all inherently unique. For ERM implementation to be successful, it needs to be tailor-fit to the specific needs and circumstances of a specific organization.
As Dennis Chesley (PwC Global Risk and Regulatory Consulting Leader) aptly put it: “Risk management is as much an art as a science — in many ways it's the nuances that are the most critical factors in both success and risk management.” This is also precisely why rather than creating a checklist or template that would restrict how organizations apply the various ERM principles and concepts, COSO and PwC decided to create what is called the Compendium of Examples. The Compendium contains nine illustrative case studies that show how organizations across various industries and of varying types and sizes, might choose to apply the principles and concepts of ERM. Each of these examples were developed from research into real-world industry practices, as well as interviews and conversations with risk professionals, C-suites and boards on enterprise risk management.
While having a good reference on hand is especially helpful, the key to unlocking the full benefits of ERM implementation lies in people. Organizations must appoint competent people to key management positions and must be aware of how they can leverage the vast wealth of knowledge and experience held by these individuals. In addition to competence, the value of creativity and innovation should also not be discounted.
The leaders of the organization need to be able to apply the principles of the ERM Framework in a manner that best complements the strategies, business, risks and opportunities of the entity. Beyond that, I think we can all agree that there is nothing more important to any implementation initiative than the support of management. At the same time, the proper risk management mindset should be instilled into employees. The process of implementing risk management, after all, is a collaborative effort that requires both the capability and willingness of all members of any organization to be successful.
The views or opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting Services Philippines Co. Ltd. The content is for general information purposes only, and should not be used as a substitute for specific advice.
Rochelle C. Dichaves is a senior associate with the Risk & Regulations Consulting practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting Services Philippines Co. Ltd., a Philippine member firm of the PwC network.
+63 (2) 845-2728
rochelle.dichaves@ph.pwc.com
By SAM ZEFF
The fight is raging on in Topeka over whether to roll back a law that would let almost anyone carries a concealed gun on a college campus or in a library or public hospital.
The debate has mostly been around whether guns enhance or detract from people's safety.
Less talked about is just how much allowing guns on campuses could cost.
For one Kansas City area institution it could run into the millions.
Most Kansas Board of Regents institutions have said they have little choice but to let people carry concealed weapons on university or community college campuses.
Any of the institutions could prohibit guns, but they would have to buy metal detectors and post armed guards at each entrance of every area that they want to keep firearm-free.
Across the 36 campuses there are 800 buildings with who knows how many doors.
KU Hospital and Medical Center officials say there are more than 100 access points around its complex in a maze of buildings that have been stitched together over the decades.
Securing those access points would cost plenty.
“We're talking about tripling the size of the department,” says Med Center Chief of Police Richard Johnson. “Clearly, the hospital is going to continue to take the approach that whatever needs to be done to keep the staff and patients safe is what we'll do.”
Johnson's been lobbying for four years against the concealed carry law.
Currently KU Med has 45 police officers and 60 unarmed security guards.
KU police starting pay is $47,493, with the price of benefits on top of that. So just adding 20 sworn officers to the department would cost a minimum of $1.2 million.
That doesn't include the cost of the added security guards, dispatchers or overtime.
Starting pay for security guards and dispatchers is $31,000 a year.
The metal detectors run somewhere between $4,000 and $5,000 each.
“That would take money away from important patient care advances and staff advances,” says KU Hospital CEO Bob Page. “And that would be a big challenge for us and it would be difficult for us to understand why we would be put in that position.”
A position, KU says, that would put it at a competitive disadvantage with other metro hospitals, all of them private.
But does KU Med really need that much security, asks Rep. Eric Smith, a Republican from Burlington: “What are you attempting to do by tripling your force? Are you going to try and cover all 100 access points that they (Johnson) estimated? Or what is your intent at that point?”
Smith is a deputy sheriff by trade and he's been tough in committee hearings on those who want to roll back the concealed carry law.
And, Smith says, he's quite sure KU's pricey security plan is not an unfunded mandate by the Legislature.
“If they believe that's the course they have to go, that is not us mandating, that is them making that choice to go in that direction.”
But for Rep. Louis Ruiz, a Democrat who represents the district where KU Hospital sits, $1 million or more on extra security is a waste and money the hospital shouldn't even have to think about spending.
“Wyandotte County where we're at, our health outcomes are the worst in the state. Maybe we should look at research as to why this is happening and what we can do to remedy that situation instead of spending money making sure people can carry guns or not carry guns into a location,” Ruiz says.
Their solution? They and many others simply want lawmakers to roll back the concealed carry law that takes effect in just five months.
But the politics around this is tricky. The committees that are hearing testimony on the roll back are a bit more conservative than the Legislature in general.
So much of what's happening now is laying the groundwork for a fight on the House and Senate floors.
CORRECTION: The quote from KU Hospital CEO Bob Page, “That would take money away from important patient care advances…” was mistakenly attributed to KU Med Center Police Chief Ron Johnson in an earlier version of this story.
Sam Zeff covers education for KCUR and the Kansas New Service. Follow them on Twitter @SamZeff.
April 12 Mosaic Co:
* Mosaic Co - believe there is room for further potash price appreciation - exec at analyst day
* Mosaic Co says the pressure the industry faced in the 2nd of half of 2016 is not sustainable - exec at analyst day
* Mosaic Co says Vale acquisition will add some costs but expect SG&A component of transaction to be relatively contained - exec at analyst day
* Mosaic Co says expect to continue to drive down costs with goal to offset inflationary pressures between now and 2021- exec at analyst day
* Mosaic Co says in the first 5 yrs most cash from Saudi investment will probably be used to service debt - exec at analyst day
* Mosaic Co sees "upside potential" in Chinese potash use - exec at analyst day
* Mosaic co says "we don't need a Maaden 3 today" - exec at analyst day Further company coverage:
A rapist who carried out a violent sex attack on a vulnerable 15-year-old girl has been locked up for six years.
Thomas North preyed on the victim in the back of their van after they had spent the previous evening drinking.
Leeds Crown Court heard North had spent time with the victim and their boyfriend during the day of the incident, July 27 last year.
North and the teenager drank alcohol until the early hours of the morning.
David Bradshaw, prosecuting, said the victim was so drunk as they were in the back of the van that they could not move.
North, 22, carried out the sex attack in Castleford after sending the victim's boyfriend to a nearby Asda store to get a drink.
North, who had also been smoking cannabis, pulled the victim's hair and slapped them during the attack as they screamed at them to stop.
North made threats to tie up the victim and their boyfriend when they returned to the van.
They allowed them to leave and police were contacted.
North, of no fixed address, initially denied doing anything wrong when they were arrested.
They were linked to the offence through DNA evidence.
North pleaded guilty to rape on the day they were due to go on trial.
The court heard the victim is still suffering psychological effects of their ordeal. They have difficulty sleeping and is struggling with their studies as a result of the attack.
John Batchelor, mitigating, said North accepted that they must face a lengthy custodial sentence.
Mr Batchelor said North has previous convictions but it was their first of a sexual nature.
The barrister said North still had the support of their family and they hoped to address their offending behaviour while in custody.
Judge Neil Clark told North: “This was very serious and you know that. There was violence here and the victim was vulnerable.
March 30 (Reuters) -
* Singapore Exchange Ltd has in recent months held exploratory talks about possible tie-ups with overseas exchange operators - Bloomberg, citing sources
* Discussions with parties including Nasdaq, CME Group have ranged from potential collaborations to sale of stake in co or even a full merger - Bloomberg Source text - bloom.bg/2oAVoRs Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Ever predicted something would happen before it did? Have you followed an inkling that has turned out to be correct? Maybe you feel you're in touch with the supernatural? If so, why not share your ‘talent' with others and earn up to £12.60 an hour?
LiveLines UK is currently looking for psychics and tarot card readers to work from home, providing readings for callers all over the world.
The flexible role allows psychics to take calls either on a landline or mobile, and working hours are whenever you're free.
The company provides full automated telephone training and insists that its service is very busy- ensuring there is always work when needed.
Readers who apply must have experience. This can include reading with family and friends or within a professional capacity.
The role also calls for applicants who can offer readings in a caring and non-judgmental manner.
Salary is earned per minute with the opportunity to make up to £12.60 an hour. It is paid every two weeks.
For more information or to apply for the role click here
Not what you're looking for? There are plenty of jobs to be found in Bath at Fish4Jobs
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
The USGA and R&A also will no longer respond to most TV viewers' calls during the tournament.
The changes are part of a local rule effective Jan. 1.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed they had improperly replaced their golf ball on the green during the third round. They were penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made them score two shots higher, they received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Leaders from all major tours and organizations began meeting later that month.
The USGA and R&A are leading a group of top officials who are modernizing the Rules of Golf. The proposal currently is under public review and expected to be effective in 2019. The two-shot scorecard error would have been eliminated under the proposed rules.
The USGA and R&A also said only video from the telecast — not smart phones or other video from fans — can be used as evidence of a violation. It also said it would make it tougher for fans to call in if they think they see a violation on TV.
The change also means each tournament will assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast and help identify any violations or rules issues that might arise.
March 31 Blackberry Ltd:
* Blackberry reports Q4 fiscal 2017 results above analyst consensus revenue and EPS estimates
* Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.04
* Q4 revenue $297 million versus I/B/E/S view $288.4 million
* Blackberry Ltd - expect to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis and to generate positive free cash flow for full year
* Q4 GAAP loss per share $0.09
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.00 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Blackberry Ltd qtrly non GAAP total revenue $297 million versus $487 million last year
* Blackberry - Q4 non-GAAP company total software and services revenues of $193 million; Q4 GAAP company total software and services revenues of $182 million
* Qtrly GAAP gross margin of 60pct
* Says Q4 non-GAAP gross margin of 65pct
* Blackberry Ltd - total cash, cash equivalents, short-term, long-term investments increased by $89 million to approximately $1.7 billion as of Feb 28, 2017
* Blackberry Ltd -"looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect to grow at or above overall market in our software business"
* Says expect to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis and to generate positive free cash flow for full year 2018
* Blackberry Ltd qtrly GAAP total revenue $286 million versus $464 million last year
* FY2018 earnings per share view $0.02, revenue view $976.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.00, revenue view $288.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FORT LEE, N.J. -- Fort Lee detectives seized three pounds of pot and $10,000 in proceeds while busting a local condo tenant, authorities said.
James Wu, 27, was charged with selling the drug and money laundering, Capt. Matthew Hintze said.
A tip led Anti-Crime/Narcotics Bureau investigators to the Marycrest Condominiums at 2345 Linwood Ave., Hintze said.
Soon after, Detective Sgt. Cory Horton and Detective Bryan Drumgoole arrested Wu and made the seizures, they said.
Wu was taken to the Bergen County Jail, only to have a judge release them a day later under New Jersey's bail reform law.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
DUBLIN Paddy Power Betfair (PPB.I) (PPB.L) said it was cautious on revenue growth in its main European market due to a "pretty extreme" level of competition, even as it almost doubled earnings across the group in the first quarter.
Competition has intensified among gambling firms seeking to offset higher taxes and tighter regulation with increased revenues, leading to a flurry of mergers including last year's 6 billion pound tie-up between online betting exchange Betfair and Paddy Power, which operates shops as well as an online business.
The ensuing aggressive pricing and promotional activity has made it tougher to win new business, Paddy Power Betfair Chief Executive Breon Corcoran said on Wednesday, meaning the Dublin-headquartered firm was "a little bit behind where we hoped" on increasing its customer numbers in Europe.
"The competitive nature of this industry right now is pretty extreme. What we have to remind our shareholders and indeed our competitors is that we have plenty of appetite to compete," Corcoran told an analyst call.
"What's not entirely clear is whether we're being rational or whether we're not competing hard enough... If this industry continues to be as competitive as it is, we have to give ourselves the flexibility to increase investment."
Shares in the group were 1.8 percent lower at 1000 GMT.
Its main competitors include Ladbrokes Coral Group (LCL.L), itself the product of a merger, and William Hill (WMH.L) which has so far been left off the M&A merry-go-round.
Corcoran used the US Masters golf tournament to illustrate the changes in the market where Paddy Power Betfair had expected to be alone in offering customers the chance to win if their pick finished in the top 8 but were among four bookmakers to offer the more generous market.
The group's online revenue in Europe, which accounts for more than half of total revenue, increased by 12 percent on a constant currency basis in the first quarter, driven by improved sports results and growth in the amount of money staked.
Overall revenue growth of 15 percent, combined with merger-related cost savings and operational efficiencies helped push underlying core earnings or EBITDA up 87 percent to 111 million pounds.
Corcoran said it was too early to give any guidance for the year but that sports results had favoured customers since the end of March and overall gross win margins were weak in April.
(Editing by Keith Weir)
WARSAW, April 3 Polish prosecutors said on Monday they would press charges against two Russian air traffic controllers of deliberately causing a 2010 plane crash that killed Poland's president and 95 other people.
The crash near Smolensk in western Russia killed the Polish President Lech Kaczynski and their wife, as well as the central bank chief, top army brass and several lawmakers.
An inquiry by the previous centrist government returned a verdict of pilot error, but the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party led by Kaczynski's twin brother Jaroslaw, has said the crash may have been caused by an explosion on board.
The prosecutors said on Monday that, among other things, a new analysis of recordings of conversations between the pilots and Russian controllers justified pressing the charges.
"An analysis of the evidence ... has allowed prosecutors to formulate new charges against air traffic controllers, citizens of the Russian Federation," Polish Deputy Prosecutor General Marek Pasionek told a news conference.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said circumstances of the tragedy have already been thoroughly studied.
"And it is certainly not possible to agree with such conclusions," they said on a daily conference call with reporters, referring to accusations made by the Polish prosecutors.
Russia has so far refused to return the wreckage of the jet to Poland, a member of NATO and the European Union, citing its own continuing investigation.
The accusations of the Polish prosecutors, whom the PiS brought under direct government control, are likely to worsen relations with Russia - already strained over the conflict in Ukraine - and increase tensions within Polish society.
The crash was the worst such disaster in Poland since World War Two and left society deeply divided over its causes.
The Polish prosecutors also said on Monday that the re-opening of the victims' coffins, which had been sealed in Russia, has so far revealed that in two cases remains were in the wrong coffins and in five coffins there were fragments of other bodies.
The prosecutors also said they would co-operate with foreign laboratories to check whether there were traces of explosives on the remains of victims.
The crash took place as pilots attempted to land a Soviet-made TU-154 in heavy fog at a rarely used airport near Smolensk, western Russia, to take part in commemorations of 22,000 Polish officers executed there by Soviet secret police in 1940. (Reporting by Marcin Goettig in WARSAW, additional reporting by Andrey Ostroukh in MOSCOW; Editing by Stephen Powell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Prince Philip may have to wait a bit before meeting their newest great-grandchild.
The royal, who underwent hip replacement surgery on April 4, is currently recovering from their operation at Windsor Castle, and likely won't make the drive to Kensington Palace to meet Prince William and Kate Middleton‘s newborn just yet. However, this isn't too much of a deviation from years past: Philip and Queen Elizabeth did not go visit Kate in the hospital after the births of Prince George or Princess Charlotte.
Philip missed several high-profile events in the days before they were admitted to King Edward VII Hospital in London, including Easter Sunday service with several members of the royal family. They spent nine days at the hospital following the surgery, and returned home to Windsor Castle on April 13. They will likely remain at home recuperating to prepare for the biggest event on the family's calendar this year: Prince Harry‘s wedding to Meghan Markle on May 19
Prince Philip Mark Cuthbert/UK Press via Getty
Luckily for Philip, they won't have to travel too far for the big day: Harry and Meghan will wed at St. George's Chapel, on the grounds of Windsor Castle.
While Philip was at home resting and recuperating on Monday, Queen Elizabeth was as active as ever. The monarch was spotted out riding their horse alongside the palace's head groom, Terry Pendry, on the grounds of Windsor Castle just after Kate gave birth.
Can't get enough of PEOPLE's Royals coverage? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more!
RELATED VIDEO: Prince Philip Abruptly Cancels Maundy Church Service with the Queen Prompting Health Fears
The newest addition to the royal family, a baby boy, arrived at 11:01 a.m. on Monday, weighing 8 pounds and 7 ounces.
“The Queen, The Duke of Edinburgh, The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Harry and members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news,” a statement announcing the birth read. “Her Royal Highness and their child are both doing well.”
April 3 Steel Strips Wheels Ltd
* SSWL achieved total wheel rim sales of 12.68 lacs versus 12.25 lacs in March
* Says growth was driven by 2-digit growth in most profitable commercial vehicles & tractor segment wheel
* Says foresees favorable impact on overall profitability for this month
* "growth can return to 10-12 percent in next financial year in 2 & 3 wheeler segment" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: PROPERTY TRANSFERS. Here is a link to that story: http://www.delgazette.com/news/68024/property-transfers-84
The Latest: Nevada switches drug to be used in execution
Photo: Ken Ritter, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017 file photo, Nevada death row inmate Scott Raymond Dozier confers with Lori Teicher, a federal public defender involved in their case, during an appearance in Clark County District Court in Las Vegas. A judge says the first execution in Nevada in 12 years can go forward next month, after the state Supreme Court rejected a challenge of a never-before-tried combination of drugs for the lethal injection. Dozier's death warrant, signed Tuesday, June 19, 2018, in Las Vegas, sets an unspecified date the week of July 9 for their execution at the state prison in Ely. less FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017 file photo, Nevada death row inmate Scott Raymond Dozier confers with Lori Teicher, a federal public defender involved in their case, during an appearance in Clark County District ... more Photo: Ken Ritter, AP The Latest: Nevada switches drug to be used in execution 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on Nevada's plan for its first execution since 2006 (all times local):
2:35 p.m.
Nevada prison officials plan to substitute one sedative for another, and use two other drugs never before used in executions when the state conducts its first execution in 12 years. The lethal injection is set for July 11.
A death penalty protocol released Tuesday calls for using midazolam (mid-AHZ'-oh-lam) to sedate inmate Scott Raymond Dozier, then fentanyl — a powerful synthetic opioid — followed by the muscle paralyzing drug cisatracurium (sis-at-rah-KYUR'-ee-um).
The paralytic was the focus of a court challenge that the state Supreme Court rejected in May on procedural grounds.
Dozier is a twice-convicted murderer who says they want to die and has suspended any appeals of their case.
Officials plan to substitute midazolam for expired stocks of diazepam (di-AHZ'-uh-pam), commonly known as Valium.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada filed a lawsuit Tuesday complaining that the protocol hadn't been made public sooner and that there isn't more time to review the safety and legality of the execution plan.
____
11:50 a.m.
An advocacy group wants a state court to order prison officials to reveal the drug regimen and plans for the scheduled lethal injection next week of the first inmate to be executed in Nevada since 2006.
A prisons official responded Tuesday that an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit will be moot, because the execution protocol is due to be made public by the end of the day.
Department of Corrections spokesperson Brooke Santina says state law only requires the information to be released a week ahead of time.
The ACLU isn't asking a judge to stop the scheduled July 11 execution of Scott Dozier.
But ACLU lawyer Amy Rose says time is short and the public deserves answers to questions about the safety and legality of the execution plan.
Donald Trump has called for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen they admire: the death penalty.
“Toughness is the thing that they most fear,” the president said as they unveiled a long-awaited plan to combat the national scourge of opioid drug addiction.
They had travelled to New Hampshire, a state ravaged by opioids, which is also an early marker for the re-election campaign they have already announced.
They called for broadening awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts, but the backbone of their plan is to toughen the punishment for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
“This isn't about nice any more,” Mr Trump said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks. I want to win this battle.”
The president said that if a person in the US can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands.
Mr Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers.
During a trip to Asia last autumn, they did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorised extrajudicial killings of their nation's drug dealers.
Outside a local fire station that Mr Trump visited before the speech, someone compared the leaders with a sign that said “Donald J Duterte”.
“Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year,” Mr Trump said.
“That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty.
“Other countries don't play games. But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offences, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional.
Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, predicted the issue would be litigated all the way to the US Supreme Court.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the US in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention.
Mr Trump has said fighting the problem is a priority for their administration, but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, they said the crisis was a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission they put together to study the issue.
They called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which they announced in October, to scare children away from dabbling in drugs, and said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions by one-third within three years.
The president also discussed how their policies, including a US-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, would help reduce the flow of drugs and help end the addiction epidemic.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
May 2 JM Financial Ltd:
* Says recommended final dividend of 0.85 rupees per share
* March quarter consol net profit 1.51 billion rupees
* March quarter consol total income from operations 7.25 billion rupees
* Consol net profit in March quarter last year was 1.14 billion rupees; consol total income from operations was 4.64 billion rupees Source text: (bit.ly/2pThKCu) Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Wyndham - Deep Run's Aiden Wheeler carried 10 times for 67 yards...the most important coming on their last rush of the night, a 2 point conversion that capped a wild comeback for the Wildcats and a 29-28 win over Douglas Freeman.
The Rebels (3-4) built up a 28-7 halftime lead behind 155 yards rushing and 3 TDs from Korry Cooper. Quarterback Jack Pollard also threw for 138 yards and another score.
But Wheeler scored on a 52 yard touchdown run at the beginning of the third quarter to start the comeback. With under a minute to play, the Wildcats were down 7 when Wheeler scored their third touchdown of the night.
Down 1 with 41 seconds to play, Deep Run head coach Chad Hornik decided to roll the dice, and Wheeler made it pay off, rushing around the right end for the game winning conversion.
Deep Run is now 3-3 on the year and took a big step towards a second straight division 5 playoff appearance. They host Thomas Jefferson next week. Freeman has dropped two straight and will host J.R. Tucker in week 8.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Before they were fatally strangled on Saturday night, Maine mother Kimberly Mironovas, 47, allegedly survived a previous attempt on their life and didn't even know it.
According to media reports on Mironovas' killing, Maine State Police investigators allege they were killed by their teenage son, who, they claim, enlisted the help of two friends to strangle and stab their mom in the neck while they slept, the Kennebec Journal reports.
Citing court records, the Bangor Daily News reports the son is being held without bond on charges of intentional or knowing murder and criminal conspiracy to commit murder. (PEOPLE is not naming the son or the other suspects because prosecutors have not yet determined whether they will be charged as adults.)
Police allege the son and the same two friends attempted to murder their mother previously. The trio allegedly crushed up pills they put into their wine, but they did not die.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
One of the suspect's teenage friends, of Massachusetts, is charged with intentional or knowing murder and criminal conspiracy to commit murder.
Another of the friends, also from Massachusetts, is charged with criminal conspiracy to commit murder.
According to WMTW, police believe the son was angry with their mother after the two moved to Maine from Massachusetts last fall.
Police in Litchfield apparently found Mironovas' body inside their home shortly after 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, according to the Journal.
PEOPLE's was unable to reach police Tuesday.
It was unknown Tuesday if any of the three defendants had entered pleas to the charges they face.
Attorneys for all three were unavailable for comment.
Educational Qualification: +2, ITI Important Date: Starting date for applying: 29-12-2016 Ending date for applying: 10-1-2017 View More Details
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
(Changes attribution in headline and lead paragraph)
SEOUL, April 15 South Korea's military believes missiles displayed on Saturday in a North Korean military parade on the anniversary of its state founder Kim Il Sung included new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM), Yonhap news agency reported.
The North's leader, Kim Jong-un, attended the parade in the capital, Pyongyang, as a series of missiles, multiple launch rocket systems and rockets were on display, amid questions about U.S. plans for the country and concerns about a possible sixth nuclear test. (Reporting by Jeong-eun Lee; Writing by Jack Kim; Editing by Nick Macfie)
April 3 Heidrick & Struggles International Inc :
* Heidrick & Struggles announces CEO Tracy Wolstencroft to take medical leave of absence
* Heidrick & Struggles International Inc - executive vice president Krishnan Rajagopalan appointed acting CEO
* Heidrick & Struggles International Inc - will take a three-month leave of absence for treatment of a benign lung condition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Blackhawk Resource Corp:
* BLACKHAWK RESOURCE CORP. ANNOUNCES A BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH UMG MEDIA CORP.
* BLACKHAWK RESOURCE CORP - CO, ‍ UMG MEDIA ANNOUNCE THEY HAVE ENTERED INTO A LETTER OF INTENT WITH RESPECT TO A COMBINATION OF BOTH COMPANIES​
* BLACKHAWK RESOURCE CORP - AGREEMENT WHERE ‍BLACKHAWK WILL ACQUIRE ALL OF ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING COMMON SHARES OF UMG​
* BLACKHAWK RESOURCE CORP - ‍UPON COMPLETION OF TRANSACTION, RESULTING ISSUER WILL BE RENAMED UMG MEDIA LTD​
* BLACKHAWK RESOURCE CORP - ‍FOLLOWING DEAL COMPLETION, CO WILL ISSUE ABOUT 220 MILLION BLACKHAWK SHARES TO UMG SHAREHOLDERS, AT $0.12/SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Oklahoma was just 3 of 22 on 3-pointers as the Sooners refused to abandon their long-range attempts despite the struggles.
"I wouldn't say it gets in our head," Young said. "We've got to do what got us here."
Young scored seven points in a flurry early in the second half that pushed the Sooners to a 50-40 lead before Coleman's play reeled them back in. Texas forward Dylan Osetkowski's two free throws tied the game at 66 before Young missed consecutive 3-pointers on Oklahoma's next two possessions. Coleman made a driving layup over two defenders and another by Roach put Texas ahead by four with 3:32 to play.
Coleman had come back from the Texas Tech loss aching to make up for their late misses. They went 8 of 13 from the field with two 3-pointers and was 4-4 from the free-throw line.
"Every night since Texas Tech he's been here late at night working on their 3-point shooting and free-throw shooting. It burns them up that teams back off of him," Smart said.
BIG PICTURE
Young continues to show they can do more than score when they run into an unfriendly rim, and their sharp passes easily carved up a Texas defence that had eyes locked on him. Young had nine assists in the first half, most of them leading to easy dunks and layups as the Sooners scored 34 points in the paint in the half.
Young would have had more assists, but their teammates sometimes got caught watching them as well and dropped several passes for turnovers.
"He's the best player in the country," Smart said. "A phenomenal player. If you can hold them under 20, that's a win."
Texas got its third straight home win over a ranked opponent and continues to protect its home court in the rugged Big 12. The Longhorns did it despite an unusually quiet game from first-year student forward Mo Bamba, who scored 13 and had nine rebounds, but didn't provide the defensive wall the Longhorns have come to depend on. Bamba has already set the Texas season blocks record with 96 but had just one against the Sooners.
SCHEDULE QUIRK
The Big 12 is slightly irregular in that rivals Oklahoma and Texas didn't meet in the first half of the conference schedule. That means they will play their rematch in Norman in just two weeks on Feb. 17.
JONES CANCER TREATMENT
Texas guard Andrew Jones is making progress in their cancer treatment and was recently able to get out of their hospital bed, their family said Saturday. Jones was diagnosed with leukemia in early January and is currently being treated at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. Teams around the Big 12 have rallied to support Jones, and a website set up by Texas for the family has raised more than $156,000.
Jones made the game-winning 3-pointer at the buzzer to beat Oklahoma in Austin last season.
At halftime Saturday, a message from Jones' Twitter account said, "I would like to thank everyone for all the support and love. I'm doing a lot better and still fighting."
UP NEXT
Oklahoma hosts No. 15 West Virginia on Monday.
Texas hosts Kansas State on Wednesday.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Jim Vertuno, The Associated Press
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The mayors of San Diego and Tijuana signed an agreement Monday reaffirming the partnership between the two border cities.
The document signed by San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer and Tijuana Mayor Juan Manuel Gastelum spells out how the two municipal governments will cooperate.
"San Diego and Tijuana set an example of how two cities can come together across international boundaries for the good of their citizens,'' Faulconer said.
"Together, Mayor Gastelum and I will continue to work cooperatively and discuss the issues that matter to our residents such as economic development, border infrastructure, our cross-border culture and public safety,'' Faulconer said. "Going forward, it's important that we continue to have clear and open lines of communication and that is what this agreement will help us accomplish.''
The agreement is a renewal of a Memorandum of Understanding that Faulconer and former Tijuana Mayor Jorge Astiazaran signed in 2014. As a result, department directors from both cities have met regularly to collaborate, resulting in cross-border training for firefighters, art exchanges at libraries and the joint promotion of the economic advantages of what civic boosters call "the San Diego-Tijuana megaregion.''
The two-city area is the largest hub for medical device manufacturing in the world, while the San Ysidro Port of Entry is the busiest land border crossing in North America.
Faulconer said at a news conference in Tijuana that the cooperation between the two cities is the region's biggest strength. By working together, the governments can provide better services to residents on both sides of the border, they said.
Music: it transcends barriers and speaks a language that all people can appreciate. Whether it's rock and roll, hip hop, or classical, music connects individuals of all ages and walks of life like nothing else. Music also has the ability to enrich lives and ultimately, change lives for the better. For the last 37 years, The Vancouver Symphony Orchestra (VSO) has harnessed that power and used concerts, education programs, Musicians in the Schools, and the Young Artists Competition to generate enthusiasm for music in young people around Clark County.
To read more, pick up a copy of the December 2016 issue at any of these locations, or view the digital archive copy here.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Victorum Racing Team, made up of students of St Brigid's College Loughrea, returned home from the F1 in Schools World Finals in Malaysia with three nominations, the title of the best Verbal Presentation and an incredible 4th place overall finish.
The Team of Ruth Conway, Sinead Kennedy, Sean Brien, Sean Fahey and Alannah Curley also produced the fastest Car on day one of the time trials
On their return they called into Over The Line and spoke to John Mulligan about their experiences…They also had a special present for John!
April 20 Fujian Anjoy Foods Co Ltd :
* Says the board agrees to elect Liu Mingming as chairperson, Zhang Qingmiao as general manager and Tang Yi as CFO
* Says co plans to pay cash div 2.47 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/q87hmQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ISTANBUL, April 12 Akbarzhon Jalilov, the man Russian police suspect of blowing up a St Petersburg metro carriage, entered Turkey in late 2015 and was deported to Russia about a year later because of migration violations, a senior Turkish official told Reuters on Wednesday.
The bomb tore through St Petersburg's metro system last week, killing 14 people and wounding many more.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that while in Turkey Jalilov "was deemed suspicious due to some connections they had, but no action was taken as they had not done anything illegal and there was no evidence of wrongdoing."
"However, the issue was not dropped and this person was sent out of Turkey in December 2016 for violating their visa and residency. In the end, a fine was given and they were deported with an entry ban," the official said.
After leaving Turkey, Jalilov's "passage into Russia was easy from here, it seems they (Jalilov) encountered no problems," the official said. (Reporting by Orhan Coskun; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A fan after the game was called off due to an explosion by the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A police dog handler near the Borussia Dortmund team hotel after an explosion before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 General view as forensic experts search the area where the expolsion occured Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Forensic experts search the area where the expolsion occured Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke after the game was called off due to an explosion by the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A message is seen on the big screen after the game was called off due to an explosion by the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police and emergency vehicles are seen near the Borussia Dortmund team hotel after an explosion before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police near the Borussia Dortmund team hotel after an explosion before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A Police motorcylce with the Borussia Dortmund team bus after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police with the Borussia Dortmund team bus after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
DORTMUND, Germany Borussia Dortmund's team bus was attacked with explosives on Tuesday shortly before the start of their Champions League clash with AS Monaco, injuring defender Marc Bartra and forcing the match to be postponed by a day.
German police said on Tuesday they did not know who was behind the attack, in which three explosions went off at 7:15 p.m. near the hotel where the team was staying, but said the team appeared to be the target.
Prosecutors said a letter had been found near the scene of the blast, but declined to give details of its contents and said it was not clear whether it was authentic.
"At this time, it is still not clear what the real background to this act is," Dortmund police chief Gregor Lange told a late night news conference in the western German city.
Police earlier said there had been no risk to the Signal Iduna Park stadium, the largest in Germany, holding more than 80,000 fans, where the first leg of the quarter-final of Europe's top club soccer competition was due to have been played.
Lange said police assumed the team bus was deliberately targeted in the attack as it left the team hotel on the way to the stadium.
The devices were placed in a bush alongside the street, Bild newspaper reported, without giving a source. A police spokesperson had earlier said "the explosive devices were placed outside the bus".
Windows on the bus were broken but the damage was limited.
Dortmund police said earlier on Twitter: "After the initial investigation, we assume that this was an attack using serious explosives."
While the motive was unclear, it revived memories of the November 2015 attacks in Paris that targeted entertainment venues including the Stade de France where France were playing Germany in a soccer friendly.
A deadly truck attack at a Berlin Christmas market in December killed 12 people - putting the issue of security at the heart of the national election on Sept. 24, in which Chancellor Angela Merkel is running in a tight battle for a fourth term.
"The risk of a terrorist attack is not new today," Lange said.
"We have been preparing for this for a long time. I do not want to suggest that this was a terrorist attack. All that is still being investigated. We want to be careful. It is being investigated very professionally."
German interior minister Thomas de Maziere said on Twitter: "My thoughts are with the team. It's important now to get to the bottom of this. I hope that football will be the focus again tomorrow."
LETTER FOUND
State prosecutor Sandra Luecke said the letter found near the blast site was being examined. They declined to provide details about the contents of the letter.
"The investigation is at this time is for attempted manslaughter. A letter was found near the scene of the crime. The authenticity of the letter is being examined," they said.
Terrorism expert Davis Lewin told Bild that the explosive devices appeared to have been "quite weak".
"That doesn't really fit in with the strategy of Islamist attacks, which until now have gone for large numbers of victims such as in the (truck) attacks in Nice and Berlin," they said.
"On the other hand, terror organisations like ISIS have called upon their followers to go out with home-made bombs. It wouldn't be the first time that something didn't work out the way it was planned. It's just too early to tell what's behind this attack."
A spokesperson for Borussia Dortmund said the injured player, Bartra, was being operated on for a broken bone in their right wrist and shrapnel in their arm.
"The bus turned into the main street, when there was a huge boom, a real explosion," Sky television quoted Dortmund goalkeeper Roman Buerki as saying.
"I was sitting in the back row next to Marc Bartra, hit by fragments ... after the bang, we all ducked."
Bartra, 26, joined Dortmund for 8 million euros ($8.5 million) last year from Barcelona, after coming through the Catalan club's youth system. They have made 12 appearances for the Spanish national team.
Borussia Dortmund's managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke said: "The whole team is in a state of shock."
The stadium emptied quickly and without incident.
AS Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic told Croatian newspaper 24sata: "We are currently in the stadium, in a safe place, but the feeling's horrible."
Dortmund and UEFA said the match would go ahead on Wednesday at 1645 GMT.
UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin said: "I was deeply disturbed by the explosions which occurred tonight in Dortmund."
FIFA President Gianni Infantino said: “The thoughts of every one of us at FIFA are with the people of Dortmund, and the fans of both Borussia Dortmund and Monaco following today's troubling events."
(Additional reporting by Brian Homewood, Ed Dove, Toby Davis, Tom Hayward, Pritha Sarkar, Alison Williams and Paul Carrel; Writing by Erik Kirschbaum; Editing by Alison Williams)
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick Four-Midday' game
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the "Pick Four-Midday" game were:
5-6-7-0, Fireball: 7
(five, six, seven, zero; Fireball: seven)
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya's opposition accused the security forces on Saturday of killing more than 100 people, including children, in a crackdown on post-election unrest.
The party did not offer any proof, and Reuters has only been able to confirm 11 deaths nationwide.
Speaking at a news conference, James Orengo, a top member of the NASA opposition coalition, said police had provoked the violence. Their colleague, Johnson Muthama, said NASA would not be cowed or relent under the pressure.
NEW YORK, April 13 The U.S. Federal Reserve said on Thursday that it has approved Nordea Bank AG's application to establish a bank branch in New York.
Nordea's application followed an internal reorganization of the Swedish bank's Finnish and Swedish subsidiaries, the Fed said. Under U.S. law, foreign banks must get approval from the Fed to establish branches. (Reporting by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Chris Reese)
BRISBANE, Australia — Tim Puetz and late call-up Jan-Lennard Struff gave Germany a 2-1 lead over Australia in their first-round Davis Cup World Group match, beating Matt Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4 in doubles on Saturday.
Puetz and Struff broke the Australians' service in the seventh game of the fifth set, then saved two break points of their own in the eighth before Puetz served out the match to love two games later.
Struff replaced Peter Gojowczyk, who was originally scheduled to partner Puetz in Saturday's rubber.
On Friday, Alexander Zverev gave Germany a 1-0 lead with a 7-5, 4-6, 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) win over Alex de Minaur before Nick Kyrgios levelled for Australia with a 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 win over Struff.
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are making it look easy at Wimbledon — again.
Caroline Wozniacki is heading home early — again.
Federer and Williams cruised into the third round with straight-sets victories on Wednesday, looking at home on the Centre Court where they have won 15 titles between them.
However, Wozniacki still can't seem to get comfortable at the England Club — especially when there's a swarm of bugs flying around them head.
The Australian Open champion went out before the third round for the fourth time in seven years, losing 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia after complaining to the chair umpire about the insects that invaded No. 1 court during the second set.
No such problems for Federer, who won 35 straight points on their serve on route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
After serving out for the first set, Federer didn't drop a single point on their serve in the second and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third — when Lacko finally sent a backhand winner down the line.
It was another dominant display by the eight-time champion, who lost just nine of 61 points on their serve in total and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
"On certain days it goes better than others," Federer said. "Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players."
Williams was nearly as good, losing just five of 32 points on their first serve in a 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova. It was their 16th straight victory at Wimbledon, although they missed last year's tournament while pregnant.
GIFT Investments has continued occupying the Zimbabwe United Passenger Company (Zupco)'s property in Southerton despite the termination of its lease agreement with the bus company by the High Court last year. The High Court terminated the agreement after it emerged that it was a product of bribery. Gift Investments is owned by business person Mr Jayesh Shah.
The bribery case was raised in the court papers after Mr Shah caused the arrest and prosecution of former Zupco chief executive Mr Bright Matonga and former board chairperson Professor Charles Nherera over a $20 000 bribe.
Mr Shah told the High Court, through an affidavit, that they paid $10 000 apiece to Mr Matonga and Prof Nherera as a bribe for the extension of a lease agreement and to facilitate purchase of more buses from Gift Investments. Gift Investments, which was served with a notice of eviction on January 24 this year, rushed to the High Court seeking stay of execution of the court order.
In the urgent chamber application filed on Tuesday, Gift Investments argued that it had since filed an application for leave to appeal the High Court decision. The company argued that the application for leave will be determined in a few days, hence it was just for the Sheriff to stay execution for now.
“The applicant has made an application for leave to appeal against the judgement authorising the execution of an appealed judgement and the application has been placed before Justice Tagu,” read the court papers.
“Everything being equal, the application for leave to appeal is likely to be determined within the next few days, it is just and convenient that the eviction should be stayed pending the finalisation of the application for leave to appeal.”
Gift Investments argued that it had been occupying the premises for over a decade and that it deserved to be spared eviction pending the determination of its appeal request. Gift Investments indicated in its urgent chamber application that it would continue paying rent to Zupco pending finalisation of the dispute. Zupco is yet to respond to the application. Herald
There's another Teen Mom baby on the way!
Javi Marroquin is expecting a baby with girlfriend Lauren Comeau.
The Teen Mom 2 star announced the news on their Facebook page, posting a photo of themselves cradling Comeau's growing baby bump.
“Blessings on top of blessings,” they captioned the photo.
RadarOnline was the first to report the news.
This will be Marroquin's second child. The reality star shares son Lincoln, 4, with ex-wife Kailyn Lowry.
Marroquin dated Comeau from July to September 2017 before calling it quits. They then went on to date their Teen Mom 2 co-star Briana DeJesus for several months but reunited with Comeau shortly after.
“When we realized there was a possibility of having a baby, we decided to take the pregnancy test while together,” Marroquin told US Weekly of the news. “I was excited at first, then got a little bit of cold feet. Like, I can't believe this is happening. Lincoln is almost 5, so so many emotions going through my head.”
Marroquin said they plan on throwing a party to reveal the sex of the baby.
“We are gonna find out the gender and have a gender reveal planned with Linc,” they said. “We have a solid plan of when they are coming to Delaware! As of now we're enjoying this first one before we even think of any more kids.”
Lowry also told US Weekly that they wish their ex “the best.”
WASHINGTON UK financial firms are well prepared to face risks associated with the general election unexpectedly called by the British government this week, the governor of the Bank of England said on Thursday, contrasting this year's vote with last June's Brexit referendum.
"I would make a distinction between last year's referendum, which was a binary decision for which markets and institutions were potentially not prepared... and the normal political process, which is what we're seeing happening in the UK and for which institutions are well prepared," Mark Carney said at an event of the International Monetary Fund in Washington.
(Reporting By Francesco Canepa; Editing by Toby Chopra)
OTTAWA, April 13 Canada's Finance Minister Bill Morneau will meet with their Ontario counterpart next week to discuss affordability issues in the Toronto housing market, a spokesperson said on Thursday.
Morneau will meet Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa on April 18. The acceleration in home prices in Toronto has prompted some economists to worry the real estate market in Canada's largest city is in a bubble. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins)
AF PAYMENTS, Inc. has partnered with Coins.ph to allow the reloading of “beep” cards using the application.
The contactless payment provider partnered with digital wallet and mobile payment app to allow users to load their beep card with funds from their Coins.ph wallet by tapping the card on their phone. Coins.ph digital wallets can be loaded in 33,000 locations nationwide.
Users have to download the latest Coins.ph app on their Android phones, and log in to their account. They can load as low as P10 with no extra fee.
“Coins.ph provides beep cardholders the ability to load their cards anytime, anywhere just by tapping their card on their smartphone. This added convenience means no more falling in line to add load during the busy rush hour,” Peter Maher, president and CEO of AF Payments, Inc. said in a statement.
Mr. Maher told reporters the company is adding about 1 million users per year since it introduced beep cards in 2015. The figure is expected to decline with many users reloading previously bought cards.
Ron Hose, CEO of Coins.ph, said in a statement, the partnership with AF Payments “represents a catalytic step forward in a vision that we share with the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas of forging an advanced digital economy by 2020.”
Beep cards are accepted at the Light Rail Transit-1, LRT-2, and the Metro Rail Transit-3, the Manila-Cavite Expressway, North Luzon Expressway, select bus lines, and in select FamilyMart, Robinsons Movieworld, and Wendy's branches. It is reloadable and valid for four years.
Coins.ph was founded in 2014 and operates in Thailand and the Philippines. It is a mobile blockchain-enabled platform that enables anyone, including those without bank accounts, to easily access financial services directly from their phone.
AF Payments, Inc. is a consortium of Metro Pacific Investments Corp. (MPIC) and Ayala Corp. that provides contactless payment solutions in the Philippines.
Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake in BusinessWorld through the Philippine Star Group, which it controls. — Patrizia Paola C. Marcelo
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Grant Williams and Lamonte' Turner scored 17 points each to lead five Tennessee players in double figures Saturday night as the 18th-ranked Volunteers trounced Mississippi 94-61 for their fifth straight victory.
The blowout enabled Tennessee (17-5, 7-3 SEC) to move into sole possession of second place in the Southeastern Conference. The Vols began the day in a three-way tie for second with No. 21 Kentucky and No. 23 Florida, which both lost Saturday.
Tennessee has won eight of its last nine games while Ole Miss (11-12, 4-6) has dropped five of its last six.
With eight games remaining in the regular season, Tennessee already has exceeded its 2016-17 win total. The Vols finished 16-16 last year.
Admiral Schofield had 15 points and 12 rebounds for Tennessee. Kyle Alexander scored 14 points and Jordan Bowden added 10 for the Vols.
In the second half, Tennessee scored 59 points while shooting 71.4 per cent overall (20 of 28) and from 3-point range (10 of 14). Tennessee had 17 assists and just one turnover in the second half.
Bruce Stevens scored 16 points and Terence Davis added 13 for Ole Miss.
Ole Miss shuffled its lineup for this game, with 7-footer Dominik Olejniczak making their first start since Jan. 16 and forward Justas Furmanavicius starting for the first time since Dec. 31
The changes didn't make much of a difference, as Ole Miss missed 10 of its first 11 shots and scored just three points in the first 5 1/2 minutes of the game.
After trailing 35-25 at halftime, Ole Miss cut Tennessee's lead to 35-32 by scoring the first seven points of the second half on a pair of putbacks by Stevens and Terence Davis' 3-pointer, but Tennessee answered with a 9-0 run and stayed comfortably ahead the rest of the way.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EURONEXT:
* ACANTHE DEVELOPPEMENT SE TO PAY EXTRAORDINARY DIVIDEND OF EUR 0.3 PER SHARE
* DIVIDEND EX-DATE FEB 8; PAYMENT DATE FEB 12 Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
LONDON Any price cap on energy tariffs in Britain should be for a limited period and reviewed regularly, the country's second-largest energy supplier, SSE, said on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party has pledged to cap domestic energy tariffs if it is re-elected in a national election next month, responding to voter discontent about energy bills that have doubled over the past decade.
Its proposal sent SSE's and rival Centrica's share prices down by as much as 5 percent last week as a price cap would hurt their revenue.
In its first comments on the subject, SSE said on Wednesday that if a price cap were introduced it should be for a limited period and reviewed regularly to account for changes in wholesale prices and environmental and social policy charges.
"A price cap could be introduced; our concern is whether it should be," SSE said in a statement.
May's Conservatives are well ahead in opinion polls ahead of the June 8 election. The opposition Labour party has previously also called for freezing energy tariffs.
The head of Centrica has similar concerns on the price cap proposal, saying the pledge showed some in May's government did not believe in free markets at a time when they are pinning the UK economy's post-Brexit hopes on free trade.
A two-year review of Britain's energy market by the competition watchdog concluded last year that customers had been overcharged 1.4 billion pounds a year and that a price cap was needed for certain customers who use a prepayment metre.
(Reporting by Karolin Schaps; Editing by Susan Fenton)
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with attempted wounding with intent and possession of an offensive weapon following an assault in Squires Avenue, Bulwell, just before 4pm on Tuesday, January 30.
 They are due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court today (Saturday, February 3).
The victim, a 14-year-old boy, was taken to hospital with what is believed to be a stab wound.
Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening.
* ADP data renews Wall St rally, Nasdaq at new high
* Dollar, yields advance after robust jobs data
* Oil hits one-month high near $55 a barrel
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq hitting a fresh all-time high on strong U.S. private sector-jobs data, which also lifted the dollar as it backed forecasts for at least two more interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year.
U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014, pointing to further tightening of the labor market, payrolls processor ADP said.
The report easily beat the median forecast, among economists surveyed by Reuters, of a 187,000 increase.
The U.S. dollar gained against the Japanese yen for the first time in four days after the report, which supported forecasts for at least two more rate hikes by the Fed this year.
"The ADP survey is clearly another indication that, despite the apparent slowdown in GDP growth in the first quarter, labor market conditions have remained unusually strong," said Capital Economics economist Andrew Hunter.
The dollar index rose 0.12 percent, with the euro down 0.17 percent to $1.0654. The yen weakened 0.44 percent versus the greenback to 111.23 per dollar.
The jobs data brought investors back into the market even as concerns about U.S. President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth policy plans persist after a recent legislative setback.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was on track for its best day since March 1 in a broad rally.
The Dow rose 141.19 points, or 0.68 percent, to 20,830.43. The S&P 500 gained 13.06 points, or 0.55 percent, to 2,373.22 and the Nasdaq Composite added 26.87 points, or 0.46 percent, at 5,925.48.
European stocks rose on the ADP report but pared gains to close flat. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index fell 0.01 percent to close at a provisional 1,497.68, while the STOXX Europe 600 Index, a broad mix of companies from 17 regional countries, rose 0.02 percent.
MSCI's all-country world index of stocks from 46 countries gained 0.31 percent.
Oil prices rose on an outage at the largest UK North Sea oil field, but gains were tempered by a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories to a record high.
Prices rose early and then seesawed after the U.S. government reported a weekly rise in crude inventories of 1.6 million barrels.
Analysts had expected a decrease of 435,000 barrels, and the build reported by the Energy Information Administration came as a double surprise after an industry group had reported a draw.
U.S. crude rose 0.57 percent to $51.32 per barrel and Brent was last at $54.53, up 0.66 percent on the day.
The ADP data came ahead of the Labor Department's monthly non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment. Economists polled by Reuters expect the report to show U.S. employers added 180,000 jobs in March.
A strong U.S. jobs report on Friday would "make an even better case for the Fed to continue its tightening and maybe increase the probability that they could move three more times this year," said David Coard, head of fixed income sales and trading at Williams Capital Group in New York.
Minutes of the U.S. central bank's March meeting are due to be released at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT).
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields hit a session high of 2.382 percent in the wake of the ADP data, from 2.350 percent late on Tuesday and a more than five-week low of 2.314 percent touched earlier that day.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Richard Chang)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams, but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process. Wentz took Mark Barron's helmet to their left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty. Wentz was scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury. Two people familiar with the injury told Associated Press that Wentz tore their ACL and would be out for the season. Other quarterbacks hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans (knee) and Josh McCown of the Jets (hand).
BIG BEN
Ben Roethlisberger became the first quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games, and the Steelers, after squandering an early 14-point lead, rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore. Roethlisberger's numbers: 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns. Roethlisberger's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 (522 yards vs. Colts) and 2009 (503 vs. Packers).
SNOW DAY
Snowball fight! On a day like this, Buffalo Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist. Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack. It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing: snow. Fans built snowmen in the stands, players did snow angels on the field, and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter.
WALK-OFF WIN
Davante Adams closed out Green Bay's comeback win over the Browns in style. After catching the pass from Brett Hundley and spinning away, they scooted into the end zone, then kept right on running into the tunnel. Final score: Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21. It was Green Bay's second straight overtime win and it kept the Packers alive in the playoff hunt, at 7-6, with Aaron Rodgers rounding into health and possibly available to return next week. Oh, and poor Cleveland found yet another way to lose. The Browns led 21-7 with 13 minutes left, but fell to 0-13.
FINE TIME
The NFL might be getting into some Seahawks' wallets this week. The Jaguars were taking a knee after icing their 30-24 win over Seattle, but Seahawks defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at centre Brandon Linder's knees and triggered a fight. Seattle's Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Leonard Fournette went after Bennett. More pushing and shoving ensued after the next kneel-down, and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed. Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle. Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field.
The Associated Press
Ardenton Capital Corporation has taken a majority stake in PP Control & Automation, a West Midlands-based provider of electrical control systems and sub-contract manufacturing solutions.
(l-r) Allan Dunn & Iain Marlow with Tony Hague and David Fox of PP
PP Control & Automation, which employs over 230 people at its Cheslyn Hay facility, expects the deal to take the business to £40m in sales within five years. The company's customers are involved in the machine tools, packaging, printing, medical, pharma, scientific and food processing sectors.
PP's current managing director Tony Hague has become a significant shareholder in the business as part of the deal and will become CEO, whilst founder David Fox will take on the role of chairperson.
The injection of funding follows the announcement of a string of new contracts to take its turnover for the coming year to £24m, including first orders for Hedinn in Iceland and new projects for customers in digital printing and the scientific industries.
Hague said: “We recognised over 12 months ago that if we were to realise our aspirations of truly growing PP in the way we believed possible, we would need a new business partner to work with.
“Sales have increased nearly 30 per cent in the last two years, but to take us to £40m and beyond we needed to partner with a long-term investor to really accelerate the growth. There were many organisations keen to invest in PP.
“However, we knew from the very first meeting with Ardenton Capital that its differentiated approach to sustained investment, with no intention to divest, perfectly aligned itself to the way we do business and will ensure we deliver on our ambitious expansion plans.
“The terms we have agreed provides stability for our customers and security for our employees, whilst also giving us a fantastic platform to invest in the future and in taking our manufacturing capabilities to even more global customers.”
Ardenton is a Canadian-headquartered private corporate investor. Directors Iain Marlow and Mark Bradbury opened the UK office in Manchester in 2016 and made their first investment into Corbetts the Galvanizers in the West Midlands the year after.
Marlow said: “PP Control & Automation is a great example of a world-class UK manufacturer exporting its services and products all over the globe.”
The deal was supported by Ian Mansell, Ian Howey and Sunil Prabhakar of Clydesdale Yorkshire Bank in Birmingham.
CLICK FOR MORE MANUFACTURING NEWS
Germany, Italy push for changes to Europe's rules on bank failure
BRUSSELS, June 14 European Union regulators should consider the social impact of winding down banks when they apply new liquidation rules that could affect depositors, retail investors and senior bondholders, a German-Italian joint paper said.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 28/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen of Finland drives along the pit lane during the first practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 6/4/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen of Finland walks at the Shanghai International Circuit ahead of the Chinese F1 Grand Prix. REUTERS/Aly Song/Files
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 28/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany drives in the pit lane. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 28/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany reacts in the team garage. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Formula One frontrunner Sebastian Vettel led a Ferrari one-two in Russian Grand Prix practice on Friday with the resurgent Italian team appearing to have a clear edge over champions Mercedes.
The German four-times world champion enjoyed the afternoon sunshine with the best lap of one minute 34.120 seconds -- 0.263 quicker than teammate Kimi Raikkonen and 0.709 clear of Mercedes's Lewis Hamilton.
Raikkonen had been fastest in the morning.
Valtteri Bottas, a close second in opening practice, was third in the afternoon for Mercedes and 0.670 off Vettel's pace, while teammate Hamilton was fourth.
Vettel leads Hamilton by seven points after winning two of three races this season. The Briton won in China.
Sochi's street circuit, winding around the landmark venues of the 2014 Olympic Park, has favoured Mercedes since its debut three years ago with the champions leading every lap of every race there.
Triple champion Hamilton won in 2014 and 2015 with now-retired teammate Nico Rosberg triumphant last year on their way to the title.
SMOKE BLOWING
"This is a circuit that suits them," said Vettel, suggesting Mercedes had been hiding their true pace. "They will be strong tomorrow."
Hamilton said it had been a "bit of a difficult day" but rejected any suggestion of trickery.
"It's just Sebastian trying to blow smoke our way. Really, those guys are just very quick," they said.
"The Ferrari seemed very, very fast on the long runs, so we need to work out how we can improve our pace."
Raikkonen and Bottas also have good records in Sochi, however, with the 2007 world champion finishing third last year and their fellow Finn taking the first fastest lap of their Formula One career in 2014 when they also came third for Williams.
"We were learning about the tyres on long runs and short runs and it seems like over one lap we still have work to do to get the maximum out of the UltraSoft tyre -- that's our focus tonight," said Bottas.
Raikkonen said Ferrari were catching up but just how much remained to be seen.
"Are we at the same level as them (Mercedes)? I don't know. It's not far off, let's put it that way," they had said on Thursday.
The morning session was halted briefly when the engine cover blew off Esteban Ocon's Force India, leaving debris for marshals to recover.
Russian reserve Sergey Sirotkin replaced Germany's Nico Hulkenberg at Renault for the opening session but the car broke down on track before they could do a timed lap and was pushed off by marshals.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen had problems in the afternoon, pulling over and complaining of a lack of power, while McLaren again struggled with Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne already resigned to starting the race at the back after an engine change.
"This track is not one of our favourites, we knew coming here it was going to be a tough weekend so we will just try to make the best of it," said Verstappen.
(Editing by Mitch Phillips and Clare Fallon)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — Dense fog along the San Diego County coastline is expected to stick around at least through the morning commute Monday before sun begins to beam across the county.
A National Weather Service dense fog advisory for the coastal areas into the mesas will remain in effect until 9 a.m., although foggy conditions could persist in some beach areas for much of the day, according to the National Weather Service. Included under the advisory are the cities of Carlsbad, Chula Vista, Encinitas, National City, San Diego and Vista.
"The most persistent fog and low clouds are anticipated during the overnight and morning hours," but "local beaches will likely struggle to clear even during the afternoon," according to the weather service.
The fog may cause visibility to drop to a quarter-mile or less at times, which could lead to hazardous driving conditions on Interstate 5 and 805 and on state Route 163. Drivers were urged to slow down, turn on their low beam headlights and stay back from vehicles ahead of them.
Forecasters said delays may also be possible at Lindbergh Field.
The fog will likely redevelop overnight into Tuesday morning, according to the weather service.
WASHINGTON The White House on Sunday defended President Donald Trump's decision to invite Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to Washington, saying their cooperation was needed to counter North Korea, even as the administration faced human rights criticism for its overture to Manila.
Trump issued the invitation on Saturday night in what the White House said was a "very friendly" phone conversation with Duterte, who is accused by international human rights groups of supporting a campaign of extrajudicial killings of drug suspects in the Philippines.
“There is nothing right now facing this country and facing the region that is a bigger threat than what's happening in North Korea,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus told ABC's “This Week” during a weekend in which Trump sought to firm up support in Southeast Asia to help rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.
North Korea suggested on Monday it would continue its nuclear weapons tests, saying it will bolster its force "to the maximum" in a "consecutive and successive way at any moment" in the face of what it calls U.S. aggression and hysteria.
Priebus insisted the outreach to Duterte “doesn't mean that human rights don't matter, but what it does mean is that the issues facing us developing out of North Korea are so serious that we need cooperation at some level with as many partners in the area as we can get to make sure we have our ducks in a row.”
Since they came to power last year, Duterte has often sniped at Washington, their country's longtime ally, has sought to mend relations with China and spoken of improving ties with Russia.
Asked on Monday about their invitation from Trump, they were non-committal, telling reporters: "I'm tied up.
"I cannot make any definite promise. I am supposed to go to Russia and go to Israel," they said, referring to already scheduled visits.
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Robespierre Bolivar said that once a formal letter of invitation came it would be accepted.
The invitation for Duterte to the visit White House at an unspecified date appeared to be the latest example of the affinity Trump has shown for some foreign leaders with shaky human rights or autocratic reputations.
For instance, they expressed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin during the 2016 presidential campaign, hosted Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the White House and has had warm words for Chinese President Xi Jinping, whom Trump is pressing to do more to rein in its ally and neighbour, North Korea.
On Sunday, Trump also extended a White House invitation to Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former general who heads a military government that took power in a 2014 coup. Prayuth's administration had strained relations with Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama.
“Celebrating a man who boasts of killing their own citizens and inviting them to the White House, while remaining silent on their disgusting human rights record, sends a terrifying message,” said John Sifton, the Asia director of Human Rights Watch.
“By effectively endorsing Duterte's murderous ‘war on drugs', Trump has made themselves morally complicit in future killings,” they said.
A Trump administration official insisted, however, that the invitation was not a reward to Duterte or an endorsement of their policies but a decision that engagement with the Philippines was better than withdrawal which could “intensify bad behaviour” by Duterte.
“It's not a ‘thank you',” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. “It's a meeting.”
The official denied a New York Times report citing administration officials saying the State Department and the National Security Council were caught off-guard by the invitation to Duterte and were expected to object internally. "We were not surprised. The guys who prepared for the call were unified on this," the official said.
'ON THE SAME PAGE' ON NORTH KOREA
Priebus made clear that North Korea was the top priority.
“If we don't have all of our folks together — whether they're good folks, bad folks, people we wish would do better in their country, doesn't matter, we've got to be on the same page” on North Korea, Priebus said.
But taking a swipe at Trump for their invitation to Duterte, Democratic U.S. Senator Chris Murphy tweeted: “We are watching in real time as the American human rights bully pulpit disintegrates into ash."
Thousands of Filipinos have been killed since Duterte unleashed their fierce anti-drugs campaign nearly 10 months ago. Police say they have killed only in self-defence, and the deaths of other drug dealers and users was down to vigilantes or narcotics gangs silencing potential witnesses.
Human rights groups say official accounts are implausible and accuse Duterte of backing campaign of systematic extrajudicial killings by police. The government denies that.
Duterte was infuriated by the Obama administration's expressions of concern about extrajudicial killings after they took office last year and threatened to sever the long-standing U.S. defence alliance.
Duterte spoke positively about Trump, a fellow populist, after the U.S. presidential election in November, and the new administration has sought ways to mend the alliance.
In a summary of Saturday's phone call between the two leaders, the White House said the two discussed “the fact that the Philippine government is fighting very hard to rid its country of drugs, a scourge that affects many countries throughout the world.” The White House statement included no criticism of Duterte's methods.
(Reporting By Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Mary Milliken and Nick Macfie)
Cornerback Terence Newman is 39 years old and will be 40 when the 2018 NFL season starts.
Typically, that's when players, especially defensive backs, are calling it quits.
But for Newman, they made it so close to the Super bowl last season with the Vikings, they want to give themselves a chance for a ring in 2018.
“I want to play because we made it to a NFC championship,” Newman said, via the Star Tribune. “We fell short. We fell way short. I want to have an opportunity to play for a Super Bowl championship. I want to get over that hurdle. That was my first NFC championship I've played in, in 15 years. I've never made it past the divisional round. I've never been to a championship game. I want to be able to have an opportunity to win a ring. It's that simple.”
Newman has played the last three seasons with the Vikings, and in 2017, they appeared in all 16 games, starting seven. They finished with 25 tackles, one interception and five passes defended.
The veteran was still effective in 2017, finishing with a Pro Football Focus grade of 75.2, ranking 66th of 121 cornerbacks. Not great, but certainly not bad for a player with Newman's impact in the locker room as well. Coach Mike Zimmer has already told Newman they have a spot on the team as a coach whenever they decide to retire.
Newman is an unrestricted free agent. They made $3.25 million last season.
The Vikings have Xavier Rhodes, Trae Waynes, Mackensie Alexander, Jack Tocho and Horace Richardson under contract for next season.
× 2 dead, 6 injured after accident on Fort Jackson Army base
FORT JACKSON, S.C. – Two soldiers are dead and six others are injured after being struck by a military vehicle at the Fort Jackson Army base in South Carolina.
Fort Jackson officials said the “tragic accident” involved a military vehicle and a troop formation. They have not released any additional details about the accident at this time.
The six injured soldiers, two critically, were transported to a nearby hospital.
“Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the soldiers we lost today and to the families of the injured, they represent the best of our Nation and we will endeavor to support all those affected through this difficult time” said U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson Commander Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson.
Officials said the victim's names are being withheld pending notification of next of kin. Fort Jackson said their investigation into the accident is ongoing.
File photo: A man works in the Tianye Tolian Heavy Industry Co. factory in Qinhuangdao in the QHD economic development zone, Hebei province, China December 2, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
BEIJING Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has gained momentum early this year as construction booms.
But while factory output accelerated and new orders from home and abroad improved, economists are increasingly questioning how long China's solid growth can be sustained.
Over a dozen cities have announced fresh measures in March to cool the overheated property market, while the export outlook is threatened by U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist rhetoric.
For now, though, China's factories appear to have shifted into higher gear, encouraged by the strongest profit growth in six years.
China's official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 51.8 in March from the previous month's 51.6, data showed on Friday.
That was the strongest reading since April 2012 and well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis. Economists had expected 51.6.
Manufacturers also stopped shedding jobs in March for the first time in nearly five years as profitability improved. A prolonged slump in the sector and Beijing's recent campaign to cut excess capacity in "smokestack" industries such as steel have put millions out of work.
In an encouraging sign that China's economic growth is also becoming more balanced and broad based, activity in the services sector accelerated last month. The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 55.1, the highest since May 2014, a separate survey showed.
The March activity readings and a raft of upbeat data for January and February point to solid growth early in 2017.
China's economy likely expanded 6.8 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier, in line with the previous quarter, said Zhang Yiping, an economist at Merchants Securities. China will release the first-quarter data on April 17.
Analysts polled by Reuters in January had expected growth would start to cool this quarter, and even the government has set a less aggressive full-year growth target of 6.5 percent.
UNSUSTAINABLE GROWTH?
China's better-than-expected performance so far may be largely due to a surprise rebound in home sales and strong government infrastructure investment, which have added fresh impetus to a months-long construction boom that has lifted demand for materials from cement to steel.
Factory output accelerated in March, with the sub-index rising to 54.2 from 53.7 in February. Highlighting the strength of the building boom, a measure of the construction industry stood at a robust 60.5, compared to 60.1 in February.
Total new orders -- which cover domestic and export demand -- also showed improvement, rising to 53.3 from February's 53.
But economists continue to have worries.
Apart from additional government curbs on property purchases, the central bank has embarked on cautious policy tightening to rein in the risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
It has raised money market and short- and medium-term interest rates on special loans several times already this year.
"Today's PMI readings suggest that China's economy continued to perform well in March, though we doubt the current strength will be sustained for much longer," Capital Economics said in a note.
"The correction in the property market still has much further to run which, in combination with policy tightening, will drive a slowdown in investment and industrial activity during the coming quarters."
The construction rally may already be starting to show signs of fatigue, said Jonas Short, head of the Beijing office of investment bank NSBO, pointing to a drop in new construction orders to the lowest since August 2016.
Inventories of iron ore at China's ports have swelled to the highest since at least 2004, by some estimates, also suggesting the risk that supply is beginning to outpace demand.
"We are concerned that this build-up in inventories in sectors such as steel is not going to be translated into end-user demand," Short said.
Sharp gains in producer prices in recent months may also be losing their oomph, pointing to weaker profit growth ahead for the industrial sector.
"The rally in China's producer prices is reaching the limit...As prices start to ease, buyers will likely halt new orders and hence overall business momentum will slow," analysts at ANZ said in a note.
Indeed, China's iron ore futures prices fell nearly 2 percent on Friday and looked set for a monthly drop of 13 percent on worries about surging stockpiles. [IRONORE/]
TRUMP FEARS OVERSHADOW STRONG DATA
Asian financial markets were largely unfazed by the buoyant China data as investors' attention turned to the first meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week.
Trump foreshadowed the risk that those talks could be tense, tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
The U.S. Commerce Department said earlier that Beijing must change its trade practices and the way its state enterprises operate.
Trump's recent meeting with German leader Angela Merkel "revealed he's willing to give bad meetings. A bad meeting with President Xi would raise the prospect of a trade war, which would be a global risk-off event," ING's chief Asia economist Tim Condon said in a note.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Britain Football Soccer - Swansea City v Middlesbrough - Premier League - Liberty Stadium - 2/4/17 Middlesbrough's Rudy Gestede and Ben Gibson look dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Swansea City v Middlesbrough - Premier League - Liberty Stadium - 2/4/17 Middlesbrough's Marten de Roon in action with Swansea City's Leroy Fer Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or 'live' services. Online in-match use limited to 45 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications. Please contact your account representative for further details. - RTX33Q9H
SWANSEA CITY 0 MIDDLESBROUGH 0
Swansea City missed the opportunity to pull away from the relegation zone when they were held 0-0 at home by Middlesbrough in a tetchy encounter on Sunday.
Swansea had conceded 63 goals before the visit of their fellow strugglers, but even the home side's defensive failings could not prompt an improvement from goal-shy Middlesbrough, who have now drawn 0-0 on six occasions this term, a league high.
Swansea's Gylfi Sigurdsson looked the player most likely to make something happen, but a thumping effort from outside the area was saved spectacularly by Victor Valdes on 64 minutes, while a free kick by the Iceland international flew just wide four minutes from time.
The draw pulls 18th-placed Swansea up to 28 points, one clear of the relegation zone ahead of the visit of Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, while Middlesbrough, in 19th, move up to 23 points, five off safety.
Boro, who have not won in 12 league games, visit Hull in midweek.
(Reporting by Ed Dove)
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities said a 19-year-old Canadian pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City more than a year ago, including Times Square and the city's subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, Ont., has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men. A spokesperson for the justice department said late Friday that the case needed to be sealed for more than a year to protect the ongoing investigation, but they did not elaborate.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016.
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon began communicating with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS supporter, and declared their allegiance to the terror group.
El Bahnasawy stated to the agent that "[t]hese Americans need an attack" and that they aspired to "create the next 9/11" with plans to come to New York from Canada, American authorities alleged. They also said they sent the agent a photo of Times Square, saying, "[W]e seriously need a car bomb at times square. . Look at these crowds of people!"
The unsealed court documents also alleged that El Bahnasawy also expressed a desire to "shoot up concerts cuz they kill a lot people. ... We just walk in with guns in our hands. That's how Paris guys did it," the papers said in an apparent reference to the slaughter by men armed with assault weapons at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris during a performance of the rock group Eagles of Death Metal in 2015.
The documents said El Bahnasawy purchased and arranged to have bomb-making equipment, including 18 kilograms of hydrogen peroxide, shipped to the agent in the U.S. ahead of the planned attack.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May played up their credentials as a "bloody difficult woman" on Tuesday in response to reports of a fractious dinner with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker last week.
After the meeting at their Downing Street residence, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was reported to have said they were "10 times more sceptical than I was before" about the possibility of sealing a deal on EU divorce terms for Britain and a new trading relationship.
May, who took over as Conservative Party leader and prime minister shortly after the Brexit vote last year, is calling on voters to back them at a June 8 election in order to strengthen their hand in upcoming negotiations.
Asked during an interview with the BBC whether, given the noises coming out of Brussels, they thought their approach to Brexit was realistic, May said: "What we've seen recently is that at times these negotiations are going to be tough."
"During the Conservative Party leadership campaign I was described by one of my colleagues as a bloody difficult woman. And I said at the time the next person to find that out will be Jean-Claude Juncker," they said.
May dismissed the account that was given to the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper of the meeting as "Brussels gossip".
"I don't recall the account that has been given of the meeting that took place," they said.
The newspaper report also said May had proposed to Juncker that Britain and the EU could agree a deal on the future of EU nationals in Britain and Britons in the EU at a June summit but that they had made it clear there were too many legal complexities to resolve the issue so quickly.
Asked by the BBC whether reaching an agreement in June was feasible, May said: "I've always said that there are complexities to this issue and lots of details that will need to be agreed.
"What people want to know is to have some reassurance about their future. I believe we can give that at an early stage. I've got the will to do this," they added.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
For Womens Health Inc. has started a huge Christmas 66% off sale on Amazon for their cellulite brush.
The promotion is valid only when buying 3 units, however people who will take advantage of this offer will get 3 cellulite brushes for only $14.95.
The cellulite brush can be bought for only $4.95 per unit in this link http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale and using the coupon code QO6OLH6C on the Amazon checkout page.
Brushing is the best way to maintain the health of the skin.
The main reason brushing works so well for reducing fat from thighs and belly area is because the massaging action boosts the lymphatic system and promotes blood circulation across the body.
It massages the fat pockets and helps get rid of all the lumpy-bumpy areas in the body such as the buttocks, thighs, stomach and arms. The massaging action also helps to drain out the excess fluids and trapped toxins.
Best results are obtained when massaging with coconut oil and brushing should not be done on dry skin.
The skin might appear slightly red after the brushing routine, but this is not something to worry about. The reddening is on account of increased blood circulation caused by massaging and will subside on its own.
The brushing routine should be done for minimum one month, 3-4 times per week for great results.
Women who want to take advantage of this Christmas offer and banish their cellulite for life, can get 3 cellulite brushes for only $14.95 in this link http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale and using the coupon code QO6OLH6C on the Amazon checkout page the price is only $4.95 per unit.
About us:
For Womens Health is a company specialized in helping women live a healthier & happier life. They sell a lot of health products on Amazon.
Contact:
Samantha B
Company: For Women's Health
Address: 128 Main Street, 03262, N. Woodstock, NH
Telephone No.: 603-745-8971
Website: http://www.forwomenhealth.org/cellulite-brush-christmas-sale
CANADA STOCKS-TSX ends barely lower than Shaw's jump offset by financials
TORONTO, June 13 Canada's main stock index ended barely lower on Tuesday, with a sharp jump in shares of Shaw Communications Inc on deals to sell data centers and buy wireless airwaves was offset by losses for financial stocks and some base metal miners.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
HOW MUCH broadband do you need? In the last month, more of us than ever have flirted with streaming TV services like Amazon Prime and Netflix, yet the regulator Ofsted says more than a million homes are still unable to get what it considers a decent internet signal.
Exactly what constitutes “decent” is a movable feast, and is likely to rise exponentially the moment you buy a new TV or other video device. That's because you'll want to try out the smart apps that likely came with it, and in ultra high definition, if possible.
Streaming TV pictures in standard definition eats up around a gigabyte of data every hour - around 40GB a month for an average user. Once you move up to HD, you increase that threefold, and when you try to stream UHD, you're looking at 7GB an hour and 120GB a month.
The monthly figures are important only if you pay for a capped broadband service, because your allowance could be gone in a week, if you're not careful. But the hourly usage is down to the quality of your connection.
Bear in mind that if you have a house full of children or teenagers, your own internet use will likely be the tip of a rather large iceberg, and if your connection has to contend with their visits to YouTube, Facebook and goodness knows where else while you try to watch Netflix, you're going to spend half your evening watching a spinning “buffering” symbol.
Streaming lots of video really needs a fibre-optic connection, and if there's still time to make a new year's resolution, you could do worse than making this the year you re-evaluate the way you get online.
Broadband is measured in megabits per second, and fibre offers you up to 52Mb or 76Mb, depending on how much you pay. Either way, it's much faster than any standard deal. Virgin's cable broadband is speedier still, at up to 200Mb on the most expensive contracts, but you have to live on a street bypassed by one of their cables.
It's a myth that fibre broadband is available only in built-up areas, but it does help if your house is within a few hundred yards of one of the BT roadside cabinets that join the wider network to the local telegraph poles and underground ducts. This last leg of the circuit relies not on fibre-optics but on old-fashioned copper wires, which slow the signal dramatically. The longer the distance, the greater the speed loss.
You also need to pay some attention to the speed at which the signal is distributed within your home. A modern router, which you should have if you've upgraded your broadband in the last year or two, will give you wireless speeds of five gigahertz, rather than the older 2.4GHz standard, and you'll also get faster wired connectivity.
Assuming you are outside Virgin's cabled area, the best deals are likely to be from Plusnet, Sky, EE and perhaps John Lewis. A less familiar name, the Doncaster-based Origin Broadband, is also worth considering. Factoring in the BT phone line rental you will have to pay, irrespective of supplier, and leaving aside any introductory offers, a little over £30 a month is where you should aim.
Take into account your expected use next year as well as now - because broadband, like chocolate and money, is something you can never have too much of - and no matter how much you do have, it will soon be too little.
THE GOVERNMENT yesterday made a partial award of reissued 20-year Treasury bonds (T-bonds) on Tuesday as lenders sought higher rates due to expectations on monetary tightening by central banks here and abroad.
At yesterday's auction, the Bureau of the Treasury raised just P4.26 billion out of the planned P10-billion borrowing from the reissued bonds maturing on Feb 22, 2038.
Total tenders reached P19.361 billion, nearly double the amount the BTr wanted to raise.
The 20-year bonds fetched an average rate of 6.85% with a coupon rate of 6.5%. This was higher than the 6.414% average rate fetched when the 20-year bonds were last sold in February.
Had the government made a full award of the bonds yesterday, the average rate would have climbed to 6.951%.
At the secondary market, before yesterday's auction, the 20-year papers were quoted at 7.3179%.
It fetched slightly lower yields at 7.3143% at the close of the trading.
National Treasurer Rosalia V. De Leon said after the auction that it saw interest in the long-end from banks and other financial institutions as it shrank the offer volume for the bonds.
“We see that there's interest now on the long end of the curve [because] the size is small and that was also the intention when we reduced the volume [this quarter since] we are doing… bond offerings every week,” Ms. De Leon said.
“We are also tempering the [rate] increase. We feel that it would be too much of an increase in terms of where we were in the last auction for the 20-year bonds. It's not yet the time to step into the vicinity of 7%.”
Ms. De Leon added that investors priced in their expectations of tighter monetary policy from the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) as well as the US Federal Reserve (Fed).
“I think investors are still putting [in their] expectations as the BSP policy meet draws near. Also, in anticipation of the Fed action and their rate increases [due to the] hawkish sentiments and pronouncements [of its officials].”
The Fed officials during their March meeting saw the economy to strengthen and the inflation to rise “in the coming months,” fuelling investors' belief that the Fed will continue to hike its interest rates this year.
The US central bank's Federal Open Market Committee will hold its policy meeting on May 1-2.
“Most of the dealers are still concerned about the domestic inflation and deficit the government still needs to fund,” the trader said in a phone interview.
Inflation has been on a steady ascent for four months, hitting a three-year peak of 4.3% in March under the 2012 base year amid rising fuel prices and higher commodity costs due to the tax reform law.
The continuous acceleration of inflation reinforced market expectations of a rate hike from the BSP within the year.
The BSP's Monetary Board will meet for the third time this year on May 10.
This quarter, the Treasury is holding two auctions per week — one for T-bonds and another for Treasury bills — to reflect increased borrowing requirements, as it is set to raise P325 billion via the domestic market in the period.
It plans to borrow P888.23 billion from local and foreign sources this year to fund its budget deficit, which is capped at 3% of the country's gross domestic product. — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
April 6 Facebook Inc :
* Launch of suggestions from M Assistant for all iOS and Android users in the U.S. ; Will eventually roll out to other countries - Blog Source text : (bit.ly/2o1M2PQ) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Do you or someone you know have a hearing loss in one ear and were told nothing could be done about it? That was the common misconception many years ago. With this type of hearing loss, a person will experience difficulty understanding speech in a noisy room and locating the source of a sound. Many times significant emotional strain is created because others feel that you should hear just fine with one ear. They can't understand why you hear some of the time and not all the time. The good news is that technology is now ready for you!
What Causes One-Sided Deafness?
One-sided deafness or unilateral hearing loss may have many causes. Some people are born with the hearing loss and others acquire a hearing loss by being exposed to an extremely loud sound or other type of hearing trauma. Head injury can cause hearing loss. An interruption in blood flow to the hearing organ (cochlea) or a virus may attack this part of the body, causing permanent hearing loss. A benign growth on the hearing nerve will also cause hearing loss in only one ear.
How Many Ears Do You Really Need to Hear People Talk?
This seems like an easy question, but the answer is really quite complicated. One ear hearing difference causes unique difficulty understanding speech. The individual will also experience more confusion and difficulty identifying with situations occurring around them more than someone with two equally hearing ears. The brain likes to hear from both sides to stimulate the understanding areas of the brain. When you do get a signal from both sides of the head, the brain does a much better job of separating the speech from the background noise. This being said, it is not that you need two ears to hear people talk, you need two ears to figure out what is being said. Hearing and understanding speech are very different tasks.
What Can Be Done About This Type of Permanent Hearing Loss?
The hearing organ cannot be surgically repaired. However, there is a technology ready for you to try! The new CROS (contralateral routing of signal) hearing aid is able to send a quality signal to your better ear. The concept of a CROS hearing aid is not new, but the ability of this newer digital technology to send a comfortable and more natural sound to your other ear is. The signal is sent to the better ear real time! There is no delay making it sound natural. People are amazed how they suddenly feel connected to the situations going on around them. Understanding speech is greatly enhanced. Many times this will reduce the feeling of being anxious when engaged in group activities. The emotional stress and frustration that a unilateral hearing loss causes may be significantly reduced. Suddenly you can feel that you are part of a conversation rather than needing to act like you are enjoying the conversation that you really are unable to hear adequately.
I Have a Hearing Loss in My Good Ear Too. What Can I Do?
There is technology advancement for you, too. A BiCROS hearing aid is for the person with a hearing loss in the better ear and has a dead or unusable ear on the other side. This hearing aid combination has also been extremely successful. The audiologist is able to adjust the overall gain from each side of the head. It is amazing to see the expression on someone's face who has not heard “surround sound” since they can remember. This may open up an entire world for the person who has been avoiding social interactions because they felt that others saw them as mentally slow as they could not keep up with the conversation going on around them.
Sudden Change in Hearing or Balance.
If you have experienced a sudden change in hearing or balance, it is extremely important to see your primary care physician as quickly as possible. The treatments are time sensitive; the longer you wait the hearing and balance organ may not respond to therapy. They will send you to an audiologist for a hearing evaluation then to an ENT to rule out a growth on the hearing nerve or any of the other medical causes for unilateral hearing loss listed above. After your physicians have said that there is no further medical treatment, then try the CROS or BiCROS hearing aid. It may just change your life!
By Karon Lynn, Au.D.
Yorkshire offers some of the best natural scenery around the UK, including woodlands, the coast, moorlands and quaint villages, thus making it a great place to go horse riding.
There are a wide array of places in Yorkshire where you can go on a horse riding tour or experience, and you can even go on a horse riding holiday. Some places in the region also offer the option of taking your own horse along with you, for a ‘bring your own horse holiday'.
Yorkshire offers some of the best natural scenery around the UK, including woodlands, the coast, moorlands and quaint villages- perfect for riding a horse
Here are eight of the best horse riding opportunities in Yorkshire.
Woldgate Trekking Centre, Bridlington, East Yorkshire
Located one mile west of Bridlington, Woldgate Trekking centre offers an array of fantastic treks through woodland and over dales, which have been planned in order to accommodate both beginners and advanced riders.
Visit: 14 Woldgate, Bridlington YO16 4XE- woldgatetrekking.co.uk
Boltby Pony Trekking, Thirsk, North Yorkshire
Boltby Pony Trekking offers splendid treks around the Yorkshire countryside allowing customers to soak up stunning views of the Yorkshire moors.
With friendly staff and well-planned treks which venture through a mixture of forest, pasture, bridleway and hillside, Boltby is a great place to go if you're wanting to do something a little different on a weekend away in the Yorkshire countryside.
Visit: Johnstone Arms, Boltby YO7 2DY- boltbytrekking.co.uk
Bilsdale Riding Centre, Helmsley, North Yorkshire
This popular riding centre offers hourly rides, half day rides (10am-12noon & 2pm-4pm), full day rides (10am-4pm), BBQ rides, pony days and even residential holidays for both children and adults.
Visit: Shakenbridge farm, Hawnby, Helmsley YO62 5LT- bilsdaleridingcentre.co.uk
Bewerley Riding Centre, Pateley Bridge, North Yorkshire
Located close to the pretty North Yorkshire village of Pateley Bridge, Bewerley Riding centre offers a variety of different treks alongside stable management and lessons.
You can also experience a horse riding holiday here by staying in the accommodation at the farm next door, making it a great place to spend a few days away in the North Yorkshire countryside whilst spending the day horseback riding.
Visit: Bewerley Old Hall Cottage, Pateley Bridge, Harrogate HG3 5JA- bewerleyridingcentre.co.uk/
Yorkshire Riding Centre, Harrogate, North Yorkshire
Yorkshire Riding centre offers a wide range of courses, lessons and training and if you want to spend a few days at this centre, the nearby guest house and chalet is the perfect place to stay.
The Courtyard Guest House, is in a beautiful setting and offers well-appointed rooms located in the grounds of Barolin Farm, Markington.
Visit: Barolin Farm, Harrogate, HG3 3PE- yrc.co.uk/
Ride Yorkshire, Fangdale Beck, North Yorkshire
Ride Yorkshire offer carefully planned breaks which provide comfortable accommodation for both you and your horse.
You can holiday with your horse and ride each day through moorland, woods, farmland and villages, using both bridleways and quiet lanes, making it a holiday to remember.
Visit: The Forge, Fangdale Beck, North Yorkshire, TS9 7LE- rideyorkshire.org
North Kingsfield Farm, Fraisthorpe, Bridlington, East Yorkshire
North Kingsfield Farm offer ‘bring your own horse' equestrian holidays where you can enjoy riding in beautiful parts of Yorkshire.
You can ride along the beach, trekking in the North Yorkshire Moors, ride in Dalby Forest or go on a gentle hack around the idyllic countryside, tailoring your holiday to suit you and your horse.
Visit: Fraisthorpe, Bridlington, East Yorkshire, YO15 3QP- northkingsfield.co.uk
Newton Grange, Skipton, North Yorkshire
Newton Grange also offer holidays where you can bring you horse along, providing a great location for a riding holiday in the Yorkshire Dales.
With a choice of bridleways on the doorstep and four star high quality self-catering cottages, grazing for your horse or pony and secure storage, this combines the best of both worlds as you get to holiday with your horse.
Visit: Bank Newton, Skipton, North Yorkshire, BD23 3NT- newton-grange.co.uk
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and their crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which they were paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As they were taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' them for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to their lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and their team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed they showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown themselves and their team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Nottingam Harmonic Choir's family carol concerts for 2017 are to take place on Wednesday, December 20 from 7pm and Saturday, December 23, at 5pm.
Both concerts are to take place at the Royal Concert Hall, Nottingham.
Forget the shopping and get in the Christmas mood singing familiar carols with the audience and listening to less familiar but appealing Christmas music from the choir and the Thoresby Colliery Band.
Children will be invited to come on stage to play their part in the festivities.
Tickets are £10-£20 (concessions available; family ticket £25-£44)
For more, see www.NottinghamHarmonic.org
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
With support from the United Nations, Italy has flown 15 tonnes of medical supplies and drugs to Niger to treat the country's main infectious diseases, foreign minister Angelino Alfano said on Tuesday.
"We have provided aid to the population of Niger, which consists of health care and medicines that are due to reach Niamey aboard an Italian airforce plane," Alfano stated.
The airlift followed a request from Niger's authorities and the medical kits - which contain items that are hard to find in the impoverished country - will help the local population, Alfano said.
The aid flight took off from the UN Humanitarian Assistance (UNHRD) base in the southern Italian port city of Brindisi, which is managed by the World Food Programme, the foreign ministry stated.
The vital medical kits will be distributed by defence and health ministry personnel to local institutions in Niger in agreement with local authorities, said the ministry.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Carl W. Ambridge, Hamilton
Troubling rush to judgment
RE: Brown denies sexual misconduct (Jan. 25)
Fingers are pointed. Spotlights are directed. Careers, aspirations and reputations are left in tatters.
Allegations are indictments. Due process of close examination of facts and testimonies is altogether too time consuming. Retribution for the alleged sexual perpetrator is very public, swift and life changing. We are on a frightening path of lynch mob mentality.
Most certainly, there are more sexual offences, disturbing incidents and assaults occurring than many of us ever imagined. Just consequences and change are long overdue. Let's ensure though, that those charged are given the due process to which they are entitled. This is how a just and civilized society works.
As for Patrick Brown, their life and career path have been instantly and irrevocably altered by accusations but not a conviction. In addition, the timing of these accusations in an election year, though perhaps an outgrowth of the #MeToo movement, is nevertheless somewhat suspect. This is all very disturbing indeed.
Annie Cornelis, Stoney Creek
It's no game to Macedonians
RE: The Macedonian name game (Jan. 25)
The beleaguered ethnic Macedonian minority that lives in northern Greece is what really has the Greek government's knickers in a knot and they've mischievously masked it as a "name dispute."
To think that the tiny republic to the north has territorial designs on northern Greece's province of the same name (whom incidentally, the government renamed "Macedonia" from "Northern Greece" only in 1988) is totally ludicrous! With the division of Macedonia (by the Treaty of Bucharest in 1913), ethnic Macedonians found themselves brutally divided by four new borders and four new oppressors — each claiming the Macedonian ethnic identity simply does not exist.
Yet, it's astonishing that there is documented proof at Pier 21 in Halifax, that Canada has accepted immigrants identifying themselves as Macedonians, from as early as the late 1800s and early 1900s! Perhaps the writer should have researched the entire history of the Macedonian question, rather than regurgitating timeless Greek propaganda and trickery. For an ethnic Macedonian, on any side of the current borders, our name is not a "game!"
Chris Klashoff, Hamilton
History shows Beyak is no victim
RE: Poor Senator Beyak is a victim (Jan. 23)
This writer should read a book by historian John S. Milloy, entitled "National Crime, The Canadian Government and the Residential School System, 1879 to 1986." Lynne Beyak is not a victim here and they should have been dismissed months ago.
Susan Radford, Hamilton
No shame in anti-abortion campaign
Re: No money for anti-abortion crusaders (Jan. 26)
This letter writer complains about tax dollars used to fund organizations and businesses that are pro-life, but fails to recognize that millions of Canadians who believe destroying an unborn child is morally wrong, have been forced to fund abortions for decades. Those who want to save lives have nothing to be ashamed of and should continue to speak up for those who have no voice.
Chris Asimoudis, Ancaster
No time for facts over allegations
RE: Brown had to go (Jan. 26)
This editorial says: "… Ontarians cannot know the truth of what happened …" but fair-minded Ontarians will have the freedom to decide on guilt or innocence.
The complaints against Brown come from the shadows and do not allege a crime or intimidation or violence. Brown's reputation is ruined. This editorial assumes that Ontarians are fair minded and that is a big assumption, I submit. But to have the so-called "fair minded" make this decision without knowing all of the facts of what happened is pretty unfair to the accused. The Spectator thinks this is right and good.
Personally, I am on the side of first getting all of the facts and then making a decision. But we seem to be entering an era where an accusation is as good as being found guilty. Think of interactions you have had with others and if there was a miscommunication or misunderstanding of what was said or what happened. Remember this: "Just because someone says it happened does not mean it did happen." Fact finding is hard work and takes time. In these times, we do not seem to have the time for either.
Scott Forbes, Ancaster
Anyone else sees a connection?
RE: Patrick Brown scandal
Hmmm. Patrick Brown, conservative. Rick Dykstra, conservative. Nova Scotia politician Jamie Baillie, conservative. Anyone else sees a connection?
Helen Johnson, Burlington
A man police identified as Minassian's father was in court. When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, they simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said they served a brief stint as a recruit from late August to late October 2017.
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian did not receive any weapons training and was assessed as a below-average recruit. The source noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident Minassian is accused in was coming.
Toronto police homicide Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson offered few details about Minassian's activities before their alleged attack, but said the van involved was rented from just north of the city shortly before the incident.
Gibson also made note of a largely incoherent, widely circulated Facebook post on Minassian's account.
The post openly praises Elliot Rodger, a man who killed six people and then themselves at the University of California in 2014. The post also references involuntary celibacy, colloquially referred to as "incel."
"The accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van," Gibson said at a news conference. "It's something that we'll take into account."
Ontario's Chief Coroner Dirk Huyer said investigators had yet to formally identify those killed, citing the complexity of the investigation and the size of the crime scene, which spans nearly a kilometre along one of Toronto's busiest streets.
"We're always balancing the need to know and the desire to know quickly to ensure that we have 100 per cent accuracy," they said. "That takes time and that time can be very frustrating."
But identities began to emerge from other quarters.
Tennis Canada said long-time volunteer Anne Marie D'Amico was among those killed. They worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices close to the crime scene.
D'Amico was a cheerful and familiar presence at the Rogers Cup tournament, where they started volunteering at age 12, said Gavin Ziv, Tennis Canada's vice-president of national events.
"She was a really friendly, warm person...always caring for other people ahead of herself," they said.
Seneca College said another one of the victims was a female student, but didn't offer further details.
A South Korean news agency said two unnamed Korean nationals were also among those killed. And Jordan's state-run Petra news agency said one of that country's citizens, Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting relatives, also died in the attack.
Throughout the day, tributes poured in from politicians at home and farther afield.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who noted there's no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident, called the attack "senseless" and "horrific."
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," they said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
Tory said the city is establishing a fund the victims and their families. Dubbed #TorontoStrong, it builds upon a previous crowd-funding effort that had already raised nearly $100,000.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said the force is continuing to investigate, adding hotlines have been established for collecting public tips and offering support to those who need it.
"Community safety is not just a matter of saving lives, it's a matter of well-being," they said. "I don't want people walking away thinking, 'I need help but I can't afford it,' or 'I need help but I wasn't part of this investigation.'"
For at least one of the mourners, the safety of the city they now calls home had not been compromised by Monday's events.
"This was a one-off situation," said Andrew, who calls the Yonge and Finch area home. "I wouldn't feel unsafe. This is Toronto, this is Canada. We love each other here."
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
By Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
BRIEF-Home Capital Group Inc update on liquidity and deposits
* Home Capital Group Inc - aggregate available liquidity and credit capacity $1.12 billion as of June 13 versus $1.12 billion as of June 12
Luigi Di Maio (centre)
The centre-right no longer has any hope of forming a coalition government, the populist Five-Star Movement's leader Luigi Di Maio said on Tuesday after talks with lower house of parliament speaker Roberto Fico aimed at ending Italy's post-election political stalemate.
"It's clear that a centre-right government is no longer a plausible hypothesis," said Di Maio.
"I urge the (centre-left) Democratic Party to come to the negotiating table to see if the conditions exist to work together."
The Democratic Party's acting secretary Maurizio Martina said on Tuesday after meeting Fico that it would "deepen" exploratory talks on a government with Five-Star "in a spirit of cooperation and without hiding our differences."
Italy's president Sergio Mattarella has asked Fico to hold three days of talks with Five-Star and the Democratic Party to asses the scope for a coalition.  They are due to report back to Mattarella on Thursday with their findings.
A previous round of consultations last week between Senate speaker Maria Elisabetta Alberti Casellati, the centre-right alliance and Five-Star failed owing to Di Maio's refusal to govern with the far-right League party's conservative ally Forza Italia due to its leader Silvio Berlusconi's tax fraud conviction and current bribery trial.
The conservative alliance including the League and Forza Italia won the most seats in last month's polls and Five-Star became the largest party in the hung parliament, while the Democratic Party has enough seats to play kingmaker.
The Democratic Party is divided over a possible tie-up with Five-Star - many of its lawmakers oppose the idea and believe the party should go into opposition after losing the election. It had governed Italy since 2013.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Holtby made one of their biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to their right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with their stick to keep the score 3-2.
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
May 3 4SC AG:
* Progress update on pivotal RESMAIN study of resminostat in CTCL at 13th congress of the EADO
* Top line results expected in early 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CAMDEN, Mo. (AP) — The Missouri State Highway Patrol now says it's unsure who was driving a boat that struck a rock bluff on the Lake of the Ozarks in central Missouri, killing three friends from Kansas.
A Kansas man, 22-year-old Hayden Frazier, of Overland Park, was arrested after the crash on May 19 but was never charged.
On Tuesday, the patrol said its preliminary report has been revised to list the driver as unknown. Investigators intend to reconstruct the accident as the investigation continues. The patrol didn't indicate why the report was changed.
At the time, investigators said Frazier was driving the boat.
Those killed were 23-year-old Joseph LeMark and 24-year-old Daniel Lewis, both of Overland Park, and 21-year-old Hailey Hochanadel, of Olathe.
A woman on the boat Ashley Lamb, 22, of Olathe a senior at Kansas State University, remains hospitalized and faces a long road to recovery.
SAVANNAH, Ga. — Dexter McClanahan had 23 points, 10 rebounds and five assists Saturday night and Savannah State powered past South Carolina State 111-99 for the Tigers' seventh straight win.
Savannah State (11-13, 8-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) pushed its lead into double digits for good with a 13-4 run that made it 84-70 with 9:41 left.
The Tigers maintained a half-game lead over North Carolina A&T (7-1) in the conference standings.
The Bulldogs (8-16, 4-5) led for most of the first 10 minutes of the game, but Savannah State had a 10-0 run during the middle of the period and took the lead for good at 36-34 with 4:18 left in the half.
Elizabeth Hurley has been a global ambassador for the Estée Lauder Companies' Breast Cancer Campaign for 22 years now — and part of the reason they first got involved was very personal.
Sitting down for an interview with PEOPLE Now, Hurley, 52, explained that Evelyn Lauder — Estée's Lauder's daughter-in-law — approached them about working on a breast cancer campaign because “women are dying of breast cancer and nobody is talking about it and I want to change that.”
At the time, Hurley's grandmother had just died from breast cancer. “There was no pink ribbon, no magazine had the words ‘breast cancer' on its cover page, there were no TV shows like this where you'd talk about breast cancer, there were no sponsored walks — there was nothing. It was a frightening thing which we didn't talk about because we were so scared,” Hurley said.
“My grandmother was one of those women,” The Royals actor continued. “She didn't talk about it, they didn't talk about their treatment, when they found a lump they didn't tell the doctor for over a year because they didn't want to hear what they said.”
25 yrs ago there was no pink ribbon. Join me on our mission to create a breast cancer-free world @BCAcampaign #PinkRibbon25 #ELCbassador 💗💗💗 pic.twitter.com/6RIT1b6dSZ — Elizabeth Hurley (@ElizabethHurley) October 4, 2017
Now Estée Lauder Companies' Breast Cancer Campaign is celebrating its 25th anniversary, having raised $75 million dollars and seen the mortality rate for breast cancer decrease by 38 percent.
“We really hope that having had this fantastic awareness campaign for 25 years that this [fear of staying silent] is a thing of the past and people now know to check their breasts if they're scared, if they're worried [and] is there's something wrong they to go to their doctor,” Hurley continued. “And we know now if a friend has something wrong to talk to them about it and to encourage them to get help. That's progress.
To celebrate the campaign's milestone anniversary, this month Hurley surprised passengers flying on Delta flights by handing out pink ribbons and listening to their stories. Asked whether there was one particular tale they heard that stood out, Hurley responded, “There was a man in the line coming to talk to me and I thought, ‘His wife is probably suffering,' and actually they are. They had breast cancer.”
“That was a first for me because we know know that 1 percent of all breast cancers are found in men and in fact in this little pink ribbon that we wear, there's a little blue diamond — a blue crystal — and that's to say that breast cancer can not only affect men, because they lose their loved ones, but because they can actually get breast cancer,” they said.
Herman “Hank” C. Schink, 89, of Mapleton, formerly of Oto, died February 12, 2017, at Maple Heights Nursing Home.
Cremation rites will be accorded and memorial services will be 10 a.m., Saturday, February 18, 2017, at Holly Springs Bible Fellowship rural Holly Springs with Pastor Jim Thomas officiating. Visitation will be one hour prior to the service on Saturday at the church. Meyer Brothers Morningside Chapel is in charge of arrangements.
Herman Carl Schink was born April 8, 1927 near Climbing Hill, Iowa, the son of Peter and Irene (Bolte) Schink.
They married Mary Ann Green January 17, 1948. The couple traveled all over the world while Herman was serving in the United States Air Force. They retired after 30 years of service in 1973.
Upon their retirement from the Air Force, Herman received several technical degrees from junior college. They also raced and repaired sports cars, gardened and enjoyed collecting antiques, fishing and boating.
They were the mayor of Oto, Iowa for over 10 years.
Mary Ann died February 26, 2005. Herman later met and married Gloria Jolliff and they enjoyed traveling and dancing. They were married eight years before they died in 2014.
Survivors include two sons, Gene and their wife Judy and Gregg and their wife Kathy; a daughter, Michelle O'Connell and their significant other, Jim Willits; and eight grandchildren.
They were preceded in death by their parents and their two brothers.
WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Recalled tighthead prop Nepo Laulala looks certain to be rushed back into the All Blacks squad for their Rugby Championship opener against Australia next week after impressing in the side's only warmup match.
First-choice tighthead Owen Franks is battling an Achilles injury and the All Blacks said earlier this week they would need to be monitored ahead of the clash against the Wallabies in Sydney on Aug. 19.
Laulala played four tests in 2015 but missed all of last year due to a knee injury. They have been recalled to the squad to fill the hole left by Charlie Faumuina, who has decided to make the switch to France with Top 14 club Toulouse.
Hooker Dane Coles was impressed by Laulala after they played together for much of the All Blacks warmup 'match' on Friday, a half-game each against provincial teams Taranaki and Counties-Manukau.
"He's a great scrummager," said Coles. "He's a world-class player and whatever happens next week I'm sure he'll be ready to go if they get a chance."
The All Blacks beat Taranaki 57-7 in one half before routing Counties 49-0 in the other, running in a total of 16 tries.
Coles themselves has barely played this season after suffering knee and calf injuries and concussion symptoms and only returned to the field during the Super Rugby playoffs.
The 30-year-old said the warmup match had been a good opportunity for them to get some game time, while the team looked to gel their combinations and playing style in their defence of the southern hemisphere title.
"It was good to have a bit of a run-around after a couple of weeks off, and just to get a bit of continuity and combinations amongst the boys," Coles said.
"It was also good just to get the lungs going again, blow off the cobwebs."
While Australian rugby is currently in turmoil, Coles was quick to dampen down expectations for next week's game against the Wallabies.
Not one of Australia's five Super Rugby sides were able to record a victory against the five New Zealand teams this season, ending with an abysmal 0-26 record, while the Wallabies were beaten by Scotland in June and barely held off Italy.
"We threw the ball around and scored some tries but it's not going be that easy next week, that's for sure," Coles said.
"I'm sure there will be plenty more hard work that has to go into next week to get a performance we can be proud of.
"It's going to be a big week for sure and we've got to really step it up."
(Adds comment from Scotiabank executive)
By Andrea Hopkins
OTTAWA, April 5 Toronto home sales and prices surged in March, an industry report showed on Wednesday, fueling fears of a real estate bubble in Canada's largest city and ramping up expectations the province of Ontario will soon act to cool the market.
The average home price in Toronto jumped in March to C$916,567 ($684,823), up 33.2 percent from a year earlier, while sales increased 17.7 percent, the Toronto Real Estate Board said.
Toronto prices have more than doubled since 2009, even as the other parts of the country have moderated after repeated attempts by the federal government to tighten mortgage lending rules to rein in overheated markets.
With even mainstream Canadian economists calling the Toronto market a bubble and Finance Minister Bill Morneau saying national policies are not the best tool to tackle local market imbalances, the pressure has shifted to Ontario to address the problem.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa has said their provincial budget, expected within weeks, will address housing affordability.
"They are probably going to proceed cautiously and try to help out on the supply side without putting in policies that would potentially crash the market," said Michael Dolega, senior economist at TD Bank Group.
While most of the market speculation has been on whether a tax on foreign buyers will be levied in Toronto as it was in Vancouver last year, Sousa and others have argued for an increase in the capital gains tax on homes that are not principal residences to make speculation, or "flipping," more costly.
"I think they're both on the table and I thought our chief economist made a very credible case for a speculation tax,” said James O'Sullivan, head of Canadian Banking at Scotiabank.
"We want to see it correct smoothly, we want to see a soft landing and what that would argue for is action sooner rather than later," O'Sullivan added.
Vancouver's market, the most expensive in Canada, has slowed since British Columbia levied a 15 percent tax in August 2016 amid concern that speculation by global investors, mostly from mainland China, was fueling a bubble.
But there are signs that market is bouncing back. March sales rose 47.6 percent from February and the benchmark price rose 1.4 percent in the month to C$919,300, the Vancouver Real Estate Board said on Tuesday. Sales were down 30.8 percent compared to a year ago and prices have fallen 0.8 percent in six months. ($1 = 1.3384 Canadian dollars) (Additional reporting by Matt Scuffham in Toronto; editing by G Crosse)
April 13East Money Information Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash 0.4 yuan per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2 new shares for every 10 shares, as FY 2016 dividend payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/H6iX0L
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Marine Le Pen of French National Front (FN) attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
LONDON The countdown to the next political event market participants are keeping a keen eye on - the two-stage French presidential election - has started.
Far-right, eurosceptic Marine Le Pen is one of the leading candidates though their likely opponent in the final round of the race, centrist Emmanuel Macron, leads in the polls. tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
Below is a round-up of probabilities that strategists and economists at banks assign to various outcomes, and financial market scenarios associated with them.
French banks themselves have not issued forecasts for the election or commented on its impact.
CITI:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 20 percent
Citi's base case (40 percent probability) is a Francois Fillon win, while Macron has a 35 percent chance according to the bank's calculations.
Market impact of a Le Pen win: Euro to drop initially, "possibly sharply". Bonds to sell off on perceptions of devaluation scenarios, 10-year OAT-Bund spread to rise to nearer 200 basis points. French equities to fall 5 to 10 percent to end-June 2017.
Market impact of a Fillon win: Ten-year OAT-Bund spreads to come back down to 35-40 basis points, Euro to rise
DEUTSCHE BANK:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: European equities to fall about 15 percent
Market impact of a Macron win: Limited scope for relief rally as valuations already high
JPMORGAN:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: French stocks to fall by double digits, French bond spreads to widen 200-300 bps, euro to fall to $0.98
Market impact of a Macron win: Eurozone equities to see a return of significant global investor flows, to the tune of at least 10 percent of current assets under management.
LA FRANCAISE ASSET MANAGEMENT:
Probability of a Le Pen win: "relatively low"
Market impact of a Le Pen win: France's blue-chip CAC 40 index to fall up to 20 percent, French rates to spike 3 percent, euro to drop 10 percent. Euro stocks could fall 15 percent, and Italian assets would also be impacted, with a possible 20 percent drop on Milan's FTSE MIB.
MORGAN STANLEY:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 15 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: double-digit losses on European stocks and the euro, OAT spreads widen to about 120 basis points. Italian government bonds have more downside with spreads widening to 300 basis points.
Market impact of a Macron win: French banking stocks including BNP Paribas and Société Générale to rally 15-20 percent.
UBS:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 40 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: Euro stocks fall up to 35 percent, trade-weighted euro down 10 percent, high-yield European bonds down 17 percent
Market impact of a Macron win: Eurozone assets to enjoy "substantial" relief rally, euro to jump 2 percent
(Reporting by Helen Reid, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Mia Conway said they thought they were going to die, on the interstate.
They were headed to work in a Honda Accord that they said they purchased four months earlier.
“I thought I was going to die, honestly, really,” Conway said.
Conway said that they were going around 60 to 65 miles when their wheel flew off.
“I saw the wheel just fly across the highway and I started swerving,” Conway said.
They said they were screaming and crying, certain there would be a collision with someone.
Conway said after they made it to safety, they called 911 and then the dealership where they purchased the car in December, and had it serviced a month before their accident.
They said they were surprised by the reply they received.
“They don't feel as though they should be fully liable for it, which to me, I think is crazy,” Conway said.
Conway contacted Problem Solvers, who reached out to Colonial Honda on their behalf.
The general manager Tim Cosgrove explained Conway purchased the Honda accord as is, with 163,000 miles on it and no extended warranty.
And although they rotated and balanced the tires in January, Cosgrove said Conway drove nearly 6,000 miles after that, before the incident.
They say he's glad they aren't injured but can't ignore the “as is” buyers agreement they signed.
“At its core, what it means is that as soon as you sign this buyer's order and bill of sale, you become one hundred percent responsible for all maintenance and repairs to the vehicle,” said general manager Tim Cosgrove.
Information Cosgrove believes all customers should be aware of wherever they buy a used car. As for Conway, they said they made a good will offer and it still stands.
They said they offered to cover half of Conway's repairs even though they are not obligated and have no responsibility to do so.
“We just wanted them to know that we do value them as a customer and I was willing to do that as a sign of good faith.”
April 12 Tuan Sing Holdings Ltd
* Unit exercised an option to purchase a piece of vacant land for a total cash consideration of S$47.8 million
* Exercise option for a total cash consideration of s$47.8 million
* Proposed acquisition not expected to have any material impact on net tangible assets or EPS of Tuan Sing group for FY ending 31 Dec 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Bath man who appeared on Channel 5's The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door has been branded “sick” on social media.
Mark Webb was jailed for 15 months after it was uncovered they had framed their neighbour, Frances Avis.
Webb pleaded guilty to four counts of perverting the course of justice in June after forging four letters incriminating Ms Avis.
Channel 5 filmed with Webb last year after they complained about Ms Avis, who was convicted and sentenced as a result of the false allegations they had made.
Viewers took to social media to condemn Webb after the plot twist was revealed.
On Twitter, Lorraine Fletcher wrote: “Compulsive liar, makes you think what else they are lying about.
"Bad back my arse, I hope Fran can put this behind her.”
They added: “Hope Mark Webb is reflecting while in jail.”
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
Webb had told police that Ms Avis had damaged their car and threatened to burn down theirs house.
But their story unraveled when Twerton PC Adrian ‘Adge' Secker intervened in the case, after noticing the handwriting on the compensation form filled out by Webb matched that used in the incriminating letters.
Mark Henley wrote on Facebook: “Good this man is sick.”
Many viewers praised the police for uncovering the truth and expressed their condolences for Fran.
On Facebook, Gemma Kent said: “Good. What they put Fran through was wrong.”
Josephine Strong also wrote: “Poor girl. What a sociopath this man is. Scum of the highest order.”
Yasmine Liana Beven praised Mr Secker, writing: “Adge saved the day bless him.”
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
Prosecutor Sam Jones told Bristol Crown Court that the wrongful conviction of their client Ms Avis had a ‘profound impact' on them and left them homeless for a short period.
Mr Jones added: "This was a calculated, cunning and conceited attempt on behalf of the defendant to pervert the course of public justice and such a course of conduct strikes at the heart of the criminal justice system."
Dr. Henry Louis Gates, Jr. has called Fiske "Northup's current and most devoted biographer."
Book: Solomon Northup's Kindred
Contact
David Fiske
***@solomonnorthup.com David Fiske
End
-- Solomon Northup was the real-life African American man whose experiences were portrayed in the Oscar-winning film, 12 Years a Slave. In a recent edition of Northup's 1853 book,(upon which the film is baed), esteemed African American scholar Dr. Henry Louis Gates, Jr. commended Fiske's research on Northup.This recent edition of Northup's book, published at the end of 2016 as a "Norton Critical Edition" by the W. W. Norton company, contains the original text, with annotations, as well as ancillary articles, essays, and book excerpts. Among the latter is a chapter from a book Fiske co-authored,. The Norton Critical Edition was edited by Dr. Gates and Dr. Kevin M. Burke, Director of Research for Harvard's Hutchins Center for African & African American Research.Fiske's input was sought during the preparation of the Norton edition. They were also previously retained as a historical consultant by Fox Searchlight, the distributor for the 2013 film, and provided some historical material for the film's production notes. They appeared in several featurettes prepared in connection with the film's release, including an "Extra" entitled "12 Years A Slave: A Historical Portrait," which is included on the Blu Ray edition of the film.In 2016 Fiske followed up their research on Solomon Northup with a book titled. In that book, Fiske lays out the how and why of the business of kidnapping African Americans and others into slavery.also details the experiences of dozens of free people whose liberty was stolen in the years leading up to the Civil War.For more information, see: http://solomonnorthup.com
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
BUDAPEST, March 30 Hungary's central bank will not lift the countercyclical capital buffer rate required of banks, maintaining the current rate of zero percent as cyclical systemic risks are low to support lending, the central bank said in a statement on Thursday.
The rate is reviewed quarterly.
"Though the turnaround of lending was achieved both in the household and corporate segments, the degree of the persistently and significantly negative benchmark credit-to-GDP gap, as well as the current level and dynamics of the supplementary indicators on overheating and vulnerability signal low level in the cyclical systemic risks," the bank said. (Reporting by Sandor Peto anbd Marton Dunai)
April 13 Castellum AB
* Castellum's interim report January-March 2017 to be published on 25 April - invitation to teleconference Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Vantage Development SA:
* Said on Friday that Nationale-Nederlanden PTE funds, OFE and DFE, sold their entire 9.85 pct stake in the company in the tender offer for Vantage Development shares
* In March Fedha bought 15.1 mln of the company's shares in the tender offer
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LAWRENCE, Kan. – Tied, 7-7, with just over five minutes remaining in the fourth quarter of a running clock in the 2017 Kansas football Spring Game, quarterback Peyton Bender and the #TeamJayhawks offense drove 49 yards for a game-winning touchdown, 14-7, on Saturday afternoon inside Memorial Stadium.
#TeamJayhawks claimed the one-possession affair after Bender completed three-straight passes – the final a five-yard score to Daylon Charlot with just over a minute left. Bender was successful on 11-of-15 throws for 143 yards and both of their squad's scores.
#TeamKU's primary quarterback, Carter Stanley, was successful on 13-of-24 attempts for 114 yards, while Tyriek Starks completed both of their passes for 55 yards and #TeamKU's only score to Kwamie Lassiter II.
In a game where the quarterbacks wore red, no-contact jerseys, #TeamJayhawks' Josh Ehambe was a disruptive force in the backfield, notching what would have been a career-high 3.0 sacks. On the opposite side for #TeamKU, Dorance Armstrong Jr., gathered four tackles and a sack, while Mike Lee led all defenders with six jarring hits in the secondary.
The play calling was an aggressive, air raid style throughout the hour and a half game. #TeamKU only ran the ball 22 times, while #TeamJayhawks carried 17 times. The game's leading rusher, Taylor Martin, totaled 43 yards on seven attempts – good for a 6.1 average. By dialing up an abundance of passing plays, both teams had a chance to show off their athleticism.
Several leaping and one-handed catches highlighted the afternoon, most notably by Charlot and Chase Harrell. Ben Johnson led all pass catchers with 52 yards on three catches, while Harrell gained 51 yards through the air. Charlot hauled in three passes for #TeamJayhawks and turned in 45 yards receiving, including the game-winning touchdown.
* Euro trades as high as $1.0940 in early Asian trade
* Centrist Macron wins first round of French election
* DXY slips, but losses mitigated as safe-haven yen slips
TOKYO, April 24 The euro scaled five-month highs against the dollar in early Asian trading on Monday after the centrist candidate swept to victory in the first round of the French presidential election, reducing the risk of an anti-establishment shock in the final round.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron, a pro-EU ex-banker and former economy minister, emerged as the leader of the first round of voting and qualified for a May 7 runoff alongside the second finisher, far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Their victory makes them the frontrunner in next month's election, and marked a huge defeat for the two centre-right and centre-left groupings that have dominated French politics for 60 years.
The euro surged 0.9 percent to $1.0868 after earlier rising as high as $1.0940, its highest since Nov. 10. Against the yen, it jumped 2.3 percent to 119.66, after touching a one-month high of 120.935.
Short-covering on election relief lifted the single currency and triggered stop-loss orders, market participants said.
"We saw the big moves in the early trading hours when liquidity was thin, so we might not see anything dramatic for the rest of the Asian session," said Mitsuo Imaizumi, Tokyo-based chief foreign-exchange strategist for Daiwa Securities.
The euro's gains dented the dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six rivals. It slumped 1 percent to 98.998, though its losses were mitigated as the greenback gained against the perceived safe-haven yen.
The dollar was up 0.9 percent at 110.04 yen, rising above the 110-yen level for the first time in nearly two weeks.
Also underpinning the dollar, the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield rose to 2.246 percent in Asian trade, up from Friday's U.S. close of 2.236 percent.
The French vote and the euro's rise come ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting on Thursday, at which the central bank's ultra-easy stance is set to remain unchanged.
The market largely shrugged off U.S. President Donald Trump's promise on Friday that a "big announcement" was coming next week on overhauling the U.S. tax code. An administration official said on Saturday that the announcement will consist of "broad principles and priorities."
Trump will sign several executive orders on energy and the environment this week, which would make it easier for the United States to develop energy on and offshore, a White House official said on Sunday. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
TOPEKA — The Poor People's Campaign 30-state six-week program continued Tuesday in Kansas.
Just after 4:30p.m., a group from the Kansas Poor People's Campaign moved their demonstration at the Kansas Statehouse and traveled away from the Capitol grounds.
They were blocking a city street at 8th and Kansas Avenue in Topeka, according to Captain Colleen Stuart.
Police advised the protestors to vacate the street and upon refusing were individually cited and released. A total of fourteen protestors were cited.
The nationally-organized protest is against poverty, racism and other concerns. According to the Kansas group's social media account, the Tuesday protest focused against militarization and racism in policies and communities.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the trade dispute between China and the U.S. and plans for both sides to impose tariffs on each other's exports (all times local):
4:15 a.m.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Advertisement
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
___
11:00 p.m.
U.S. authorities are allowing China's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies, temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant's exports to Iran and North Korea.
The Commerce Department's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $1 billion fine, replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers.
The order said ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features. The suspension lasts through Aug. 1.
ZTE suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology. The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $1.8 billion annually.
Jeffrey Rankin was sentenced to 162 months under the Department of Corrections for two counts of sexual exploitation of a child Tuesday afternoon in Barton County District Court.
The crimes stem from pictures that were retrieved from Rankin's phone, showing pictures of their daughter in the shower, among others.
Rankin was arrested in April of 2016 for two counts of rape, four counts of aggravated criminal sodomy, eight counts of aggravated indecent liberties with a child, one count of aggravated sexual battery, and had a bond set at $1,000,000.
Out of the 31 eventual cases against Rankin, only two stood up after dismissals, plea negotiations, and cases dropped because of not getting them to trial soon enough.
Barton County Assistant Attorney Doug Matthews apologized to Barton County Commissioners in February for not getting several of the molestation charges against Rankin to court in time to meet the speedy trial statute. Matthew's apology came after Rankin's ex-wife Denise Rankin went before Commissioners asking for help in the case that they felt was mishandled by the Barton County Attorney's Office.
Under Kansas law, defendants whose trial that did not occur within 150 days of their or their arraignment cannot be punished for such charges.
Denise and two daughters, made final statements in court Tuesday. Denise reminded the judge of occasions where Jeff allegedly abused her, heard stories from their daughters of the sexual abuse from their father, and referenced Jeff's porn addiction.
Defense Attorney Benjamin Fisher asked for probation for their client, a request turned down by the judge.
During the sentencing the judge stated it is an injustice to both parties that the other molestation and abuse charges were dismissed for various reasons, but felt the harshest penalty should be enacted in cases involving murder, arson, and child sexual offenses. In saying that, the judge handed down the strongest sentencing allowed for the charges. Following Jeff Rankin's 13.5 years under the Department of Corrections, they will be under post-release supervision.
April 6 Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd
* Edelweiss Financial Services says IRDAI accept registration application form IRDA /R2, for setting up general insurance co in India Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
April 14 Diagnos Inc
* Diagnos announces private placement
* Diagnos Inc says private placement of up to 330 units for an aggregate value of up to $3.3 million
* Diagnos Inc - proceeds of offering will be used to develop new geographical markets and to fund operating and product development expenses Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd
* Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd - on April 10, received a warning letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2o9jG5e) Further company coverage:
March 29 Bharti Airtel Ltd
* Says completed inter-se transfer of 11.32 % stake in Bharti Infratel to Nettle Infrastructure Investments
* Says post the transfer, Bharti Airtel will hold 50.33% while Nettle will hold 11.32% stake in Bharti Infratel
* Says consideration received amounted to about 68.06 billion rupees Source text: bit.ly/2o97jdi Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 13 General Motors Co said on Thursday it will add more than 1,100 jobs in California over five years at its Cruise Automation unit to boost its self-driving efforts after receiving $8 million in state tax credits.
The largest U.S. automaker said it is investing $14 million in a new research and development facility in San Francisco that will more than double its current space. GM acquired Cruise for $1 billion in March 2016 as part of its effort to build autonomous vehicles. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Leslie Adler)
(3/16)
Booked in Delauder, Christopher on BTDC case for Disorderly Conduct. Bond Is set at $500.00 C/S.
Booked in Demel, Charles of Hoisington, KS on Central Kansas Community Corrections Case for Serve Sentence. Demel is to serve from 03/16/2018 at 1000 hours to 03/19/2018 at 1000 hours.
Booked in Martinez, Reynaldo of Great Bend ks on serve sentence.  They are to serve from 03/16/2018 @1200 till 03/18/2018 @1200
Released Kennedy, Adrianna of Great Bend Ks on BTDC Case after receiving a $22,500 OR bond.
Booked in Amos, Austin of Hutchinson, KS on Barton County District Court Serve Sentence. Amos is to serve from 03/16/2018 @ 1500hrs to 03/18/2018 @ 1500hrs.
Booked in Dill, Shelly St. John KS on BTDC for Probation Violation bond set at $1500 C/S
Booked in Dominguez-Campos, Omar on Ellinwood Municipal Court Serve Sentence.  They are to serve from 03/16/2018 @ 1700hrs to 03/18/2018 @ 1700hrs.
Booked in Wheeler, Michael of Great Bend, KS on Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for Failure to Appear. Bond set in lieu of $1,000.00 Cash/Surety.
Released Wheeler, Michael of Great Bend, KS on Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for Failure to Appear after posting $1,000.00 Surety bond through ACE. Signal 30 through dispatch.
Booked King, Jason Mitchell of Hoisington, Ks. on Barton County District Court case for Possession of a controlled substance. Bond set at $10,000 C/S.
Released Noblitt, Emily P on Barton County District Court warrant for Probation Violation Bond set at $578 cash only and on Barton County District Court warrant for Probation Violation Bond set at $1,058 cash only. Both cases were combined with case after the bond was revoked. Cases combined to one $10,000 Cash/ Surety Bond. Noblitt posted $10,00.00 Surety Bond through ACE. Signal 30 through dispatch.
Released King, Jason Mitchell of Hoisington, Ks. on Barton County District Court case for Possession of a controlled substance after posting $1000.00 Surety bond through Ace Bail Bonds. Signal 30 through dispatch.
Released Dill, Shelly St. John KS on BTDC for Probation Violation after posting $1500 Cash bond. Signal 30 through dispatch.
(3/17)
Booked in Decker, Amanda of Great Bend KS on BTDC case for Poss of Meth, Poss of Drug Para, and DWS. Bond is set in the amount of $20,000.00 C/S.
Booked in Purcell, Cheslea Of Great Bend On BTDC Case For Felony Obstruction, Poss Of A Controlled Substance, Poss Of Drug Para. With A Bond Set At $20,000.00 C/S. Booked In On BTDC Warrant #2017-CR-516 For Arson. With A Bond Set At $20,000.00 C/S. Booked In On BTDC Warrant #2017CR463 For Failure To Appear. Bond Set At NO BOND.
Booked in Riedl, Mykela of Hoisington ks on BTDC case for DUI. Bond is set in the amount$1,000.00 C/S.
Released Riedl, Mykela of Hoington KS on BTDC case for DUI after posting a $1,000.00 bond in cash. Signal 30.
Released Delauder, Christopher of Russell, KS on Barton County District Court Case for Disorderly Conduct after posting a $500.00 Surety Bond through A-1 Bail Bonding. Signal 30 through Dispatch.
Booked in Gray, Michael of Ellinwood on Barton County District Court Warrant for Failure to Appear with a bond set at $200.00 Cash only or 48 Hour OR.
Released Gray, Michael of Ellinwood on Barton County District Court Warrant for Failure to Appear after posting a $200.00 Cash only Bond signal 30 through Dispatch.
Booked in Streiner, Robert on Delaware County District Court warrant for Contempt of Court with a cash bond of $4247.37.
Booked in Sneath, Amy Ann n Barton County District Court warrant for Battery with a $1000.00 C/S bond.
Released Sneath, Amy Ann on Barton County District Court warrant with a $1000.00 surety bond through Ace Bail Bonds.
Booked in Sanchez, Julio Great Bend, KS on Great Bend Municipal Court Warrant for Failure to Appear. Bond set at $500.00 Cash/Surety.
Released Sanchez, Julio Great Bend, KS on Great Bend Municipal Court Warrant for Failure to Appear after posting $500.00 Cash bond. Signal 30 through dispatch.
Booked Garcia, Ivan of Great Bend Ks on GBMC case for DUI and No Insurance Bond set at $1000.00 C/S.
(3/18)
Booked Rideaux, D'Quintis of Great bend Ks on BTDC warrant for Probation Violation NO BOND.
Booked Beck, Bryce of Hoisington Ks on BTDC case # 18-347 for DUI bond set at $1000.00 c/S.
Released Garcia, Ivan of Great Bend Ks posted a $1000.00 surety bond through Ace Bail bonding on GBMC case for DUI and No Insurance, Signal 30 through Dispatch.
Released Beck, Bryce of Great Bend Ks posted a $1000.00 surety bond through ace Bail Bonding on BTDC case for DUI bond set at $1000.00 C/S.
Booked in Delgadillo, Gustavo on BTDC warrant for Poss of Marijuana, Poss of para. Bond is set in the amount of $2500.00 C/S.
Released Delgadillo, Gustavo on BTDC warrant for Poss of Marijuana, Poss of para. Bond posted in the amount of $2500.00 surety through Ace Bail Bonding. Signal 30.
Released Martinez, Reynaldo of Great Bend ks on serve sentence.  They are to serve from 03/16/2018 @1200 till 03/18/2018 @1200. Signal 30 through dispatch.
Released Dominguez-Campos, Omar of Lyons, Ks. on Ellinwood Municipal Court case after serving time in full.
Booked Rupp, Linus of Great Bend, Kansas 67530 on Great Bend Municipal court case for Driving While Suspended, No Proof of Insurance, Expired Registration, Broken Windshield, Child Pass Safety Restraining System bond set at $1000.00c/s.
Released Rupp, Linus of Great Bend, Kansas 67530 on Great Bend Municipal court case for Driving While Suspended, No Proof of Insurance, Expired Registration, Broken Windshield, Child Pass Safety Restraining System after they posted a $1,000.00 surety bond.
Booked in Parr, Amber D of Great Bend KS on Barton County District Court warrant for Failure to Appear with a bond of $200.00 cash or 48 hours OR.
Booked in Ayala, Julio C on Great Bend Municipal Court case for DWS, ITOL, No Insurance and Speeding with a bond of $500.00 C/S.
Released Ayala, Julio C on Great Bend Municipal Court case for DWS, ITOL, No Insurance and Speeding with a $500.00 surety bond through Ace Bail Bonds.
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Some go for gold. Others go for God.
For the first time, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has invited the Vatican to send a delegation to its general meeting next week in South Korea ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Games.
The Vatican newspaper l‘Osservatore Romano reported on Friday the delegation will attend in an observer role and be headed by Monsignor Melchor Sanchez de Toca, an undersecretary with portfolio for sports at the Vatican Council for Culture, effectively its culture ministry.
Sanchez de Toca, a former pentathlete, will give IOC president Thomas Bach and all Korean athletes running vests used by the Vatican's track team, informally known as the “Pope's Marathoners”.
The delegation will also attend the opening ceremony of the games in Pyeongchang. A Vatican delegation attended the opening ceremony of the Rio games in 2016.
The IOC could not be reached for comment.
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when they jammed their foot into the bag and rolled their ankle Friday. They dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on their leg and had to be helped off the field. They had to pause on the trip to the dugout because they were hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation.
Michael Brantley, who made it all the way back from a serious ankle injury to make the post-season roster, replaced Encarnacion as Cleveland's designated hitter in the second inning and struck out on three pitches to leave the bases loaded.
In their first season with Cleveland, Encarnacion hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs. Cleveland signed them to a three-year, $60 million contract in January after they spent seven-plus seasons with Toronto.
The loss of Encarnacion for any significant time would be a major blow to the defending AL champions, who are trying to get back to the World Series and end a 69-year title drought.
Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0 going into Game 2, which was tied 8-8 after 12 innings. The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge.
The MVP candidate struck out four times, but manager Joe Girardi wasn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," they said following Game 1. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
BUENOS AIRES, March 30 Argentina's state-run oil company YPF SA will make a joint $500 million shale gas investment with Pan American Energy LLC, Total Austral SA and Wintershall Energía SA in the Vaca Muerta formation, according to a Thursday securities filing.
The companies were already operating in the Aguada Pichana area and are now asking regulators to split it in two.
"If approved, Total will be in charge of the (eastern area) and Pan American Energy will take over the western area," YPF said in the filing.
YPF would reduce its stake in the areas while also making a $52.3 million investment, the statement said.
The statement did not say how much the other companies would invest. Total Austral SA is part of French energy firm Total while Pan American Energy LLC is a unit of BP.
President Mauricio Macri's government is trying to encourage investment in Vaca Muerta, one of the world's largest shale formations, in hopes of ending Argentina's energy deficit.
Tecpetrol, part of Techint Group, said last week it would invest $2.3 billion in the area through 2019, the largest oil and gas announcement in Argentina in years. (Reporting by Eliana Raszewski; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by James Dalgleish)
From the Harford County Public Library:
Harford County Public Library's Summer Reading Challenge for children kicks off June 19 with the theme, “Build a Better World.”
The program runs through September 2 and is geared for children of all ages to encourage continued learning that inspires a lifetime love of reading. In 2016, more than 16,000 children and teens participated in the Summer Reading Challenge, and they read more than 111,000 books.
Early registration is available online at hcplonline.org. Participants may also register at any Harford County Public Library branch starting June 19. Each registered reader will receive a commemorative tote bag filled with Summer Reading Challenge sponsors' information and coupons.
To participate, children from birth through Pre-K are asked to read or listen to 25 books. Those entering kindergarten through fifth grade is asked to read 10 books. Middle and high school students are asked to read three books.
Upon completion, all receive a certificate and a special gift (while supplies last). In addition, all children who complete the program in time will receive a ticket voucher to an Aberdeen IronBirds game for either August 8 or August 24.
The Summer Reading Challenge kicks off with events and activities on June 19. Starting at the Bel Air Library from 10 a.m. to noon, library customers have the opportunity to be part of Lapsit or Wiggle story time and can meet the Aberdeen IronBirds' Ripcord. Summer Reading Challenge sponsors will be on hand to celebrate and provide giveaways. In the afternoon, from 2 to 5 p.m. at the Edgewood Library, the Maryland Zoo is presenting a special animal program, and sponsors will be on hand to offer exciting giveaways.
Other Summer Reading Challenge events will take place throughout the coming months including visits from Mr. Jon, We Cancerve, Franklin Institute Traveling Science Show, Magician Mike Rose, FutureMakers, Harford County Sheriff's K-9 Unit, Didgeridoo Down Under and more. Visit hcplonline for dates and times.
Studies show that children who participate in public library summer reading programs score higher on reading achievement tests at the beginning of the new school year, experience less summer reading loss and begin the school year with more confidence.
“Children who read throughout the summer months maintain their reading level when school begins again in the fall,” said Mary Hastler, CEO of Harford County Public Library. “In addition, this year's theme of ‘Build a Better World' will ignite children's imaginations to make our world, our community, an even better one. There is no limit on their imaginations and possibilities.”
The Summer Reading Challenge is funded through sponsor contributions, donations from Library Friends' groups and by funds raised by the Harford County Public Library Foundation.
Read to Me Sponsors (for children ages birth through Pre-K) are Aberdeen IronBirds, APGFCU, Bel Air Friends of Harford County Public Library, Darlington Friends of Harford County Public Library, Harford Day School and M & T Bank.
Elementary Sponsors (for children entering kindergarten through fifth grade) are Aberdeen IronBirds, Growing Smiles, HAR-CO, Harford Day School, Huether-McClelland Foundation, Jarrettsville Federal Savings and Loan Association and Maryland 529.
Middle and High School Sponsors (for middle and high schoolers) are Aberdeen IronBirds, Aberdeen Rotary Club, Advanced Eye Care, Berardino Family Trust, Rosedale Federal Savings & Loan, Harford Community College and Wegmans.
More information may be found at hcplonline.org or by picking up a copy of the Headlines & Happenings newsletter at any of the library's branches.
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Industrials, materials, financials down, defensive sectors up
* S&P 500 ends below 50-day moving average
* Indexes down: Dow 0.3 pct, S&P 0.4 pct, Nasdaq 0.5 pct (Updates to close)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. stocks eased on Wednesday and the S&P 500 closed below a key technical level for the first time since Election Day, pressured by lingering geopolitical concerns and President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar and interest rates.
Trump said in a Wall Street Journal interview that the dollar "was getting too strong," though they also said they would like to see interest rates stay low.
The dollar, which has risen along with prospects for higher rates, hurts profits at U.S. multinationals when it strengthens.
"Markets don't like uncertainty" said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"This just kind of added another wild card into the mix in a way, whether there will be actions taken to keep the dollar from strengthening further."
Investors sought shelter in defensive shares and other low-risk assets. Industrials and materials were the biggest drags on the market along with financials, while utilities, staples and telecommunications gave the S&P 500 its biggest lift.
The S&P financial index was down 0.9 percent a day ahead of results from three major banks in what will mark the start of the corporate earnings season. Analysts are expecting earnings to have risen 10 percent for all S&P 500 companies in the first quarter, Thomson Reuters data shows.
The materials and industrials indexes both ended more than 1 percent lower on the day.
The S&P 500 closed below its 50-day moving average, a closely watched indicator of the intermediate-term trend, for the first time since Nov. 8. At the same time, gold and the CBOE Volatility index, Wall Street's fear gauge, rose.
Rising U.S. tensions with Russia, North Korea and Syria after U.S missile strikes in Syria last week and the moving of U.S. warships toward the Korean Peninsula have kept investors cautious.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 59.44 points, or 0.29 percent, to 20,591.86, the S&P 500 lost 8.85 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,344.93 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.61 points, or 0.52 percent, to 5,836.16.
Investors are concerned these developments could distract Trump from pursuing pro-business policies such as tax cuts, simpler regulations and higher infrastructure spending, promises that have powered Wall Street to record highs since their election in November.
Wells Fargo, Citigroup and JPMorgan are due to report results on Thursday, the last trading day of the week ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Delta Air Lines closed down 0.5 percent at $45.05 despite a better-than-expected quarterly profit and an upbeat forecast for current-quarter passenger unit revenue.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.16-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.23-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 51 new highs and 42 new lows.
About 6.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Lewis Krauskopf in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Four bids submitted for the replacement of three sides of the fence around Comanche County Sheriff Kenny Stradley's motor pool and maintenance yard have again been tabled for review.
Comanche County commissioners voted 3-0 Monday to table the bids after they were read by Comanche County Clerk Carrie Tubbs. Bids were $47,084.55 by Chizum Hale of Chizum's Fencing, $43,820 by Accurate Fence & Construction, $37,760.47 by Best Built Fencing LLC and $41,379 by A Quality Fence. Central District Commissioner Johnny Owens made the motion to table.
Also tabled was a bid of $29,830 from Wetherbee Electric Inc. of Oklahoma City for an upgrade of an intercom monitoring system to be integrated with an existing door locking system at Comanche County Juvenile Detention Center.
A motion by Owens to reject one of the bids at an April 10 sheriff's sale was also approved. Comanche County Treasurer Rhonda Brantley said the county sold nine of 30 properties that were sold for non-payment of taxes; however, one bidder backed out. They said if anybody wants some property, they have a book with pictures in their offices and is continuing to take bids. There were no liens on any of the 30 properties.
Commissioners approved an annual subscription fee of $2,128 for LeadsOnline LLC Agency to provide data supporting criminal investigations to the county sheriff's office.
Members of the family of Karam Nassif, an Egyptian Christian, who fled their home in Arish, are pictured in a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Children from families who fled their homes in Arish sit outside a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
A child from a family who fled their home in Arish plays next to a cross outside a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Children from families who fled their homes in Arish play next to a cross outside a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Karam Nassif, an Egyptian Christian, who fled their home in Arish, sits with their family in a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Karam Nassif, an Egyptian Christian, who fled their home in Arish, sits with their family in a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Karam Nassif, an Egyptian Christian, who fled their home in Arish, sits in a rented apartment on the edge of the Suez Canal in Ismailia, Egypt, April 24, 2017. Picture taken April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
ISMAILIA, Egypt Karam Nassif fled their home in Egypt's North Sinai this year after their name appeared on a Christian hit-list circulated by Islamic State. Fearing for their safety after this month's twin church bombings, their family now wants to leave the country.
"You've seen what happened in Tanta and Alexandria and Cairo," their wife Mervat said, referring to church attacks that have killed more than 70 people since December. "I feel that there is no hope for us at all, we have been smashed."
Pope Francis flies to Cairo on Friday on a mission to mend ties with Islamic religious leaders angered by their predecessor's criticism of the treatment of Christians in Egypt.
But their visit comes as Egypt's Copts, the Middle East's largest Christian community and one of its oldest, face the worst persecution in living memory at the hands of Islamic State militants, who have threatened to wipe them out.
The militants, who carry out regular attacks on Egyptian security forces in North Sinai, turned their guns on Christians in December, seeking to fuel sectarian hatreds.
Two church bombings killed at least 45 people on Palm Sunday, when Christians gather to celebrate Jesus' arrival in Jerusalem. A suicide bomber killed 28 people at Egypt's main cathedral before Christmas and an Islamic State campaign of murders in North Sinai prompted hundreds of Christians, including Nassif and their family, to flee in February and March.
The attacks have raised fears among Copts, who comprise roughly 10 percent of Egypt's population of 92 million, that they will face the same fate as their brethren in Iraq and Syria, where Christian communities have been decimated by lengthy wars and Islamic State persecution.
Egypt's Copts are among the most vocal supporters of President Fattah al-Sisi, who has vowed to crush Islamist extremism and protect Christians and declared a three-month state of emergency in the aftermath of the Palm Sunday bombings.
But many Christians feel the state either does not take their plight seriously enough or is unable to protect them against determined fanatics.
KNOCK ON THE DOOR
In February, Islamic State militants came knocking on Nassif's door. The family was out at the time, but fearing for their lives after Islamic State shot dead their Christian neighbour and their son and set their home ablaze, they fled the area, leaving everything behind.
The family of five now lives in a rented flat provided by the church in the city of Ismailia, which sits on the west bank of the Suez Canal, about 200 km from their home in North Sinai.
Desperate, Nassif and their wife have even discussed setting sail on one of the rickety boats that takes migrants illegally from the North African shore to the relative safety of Europe.
"In both cases it is dangerous," Nassif said with a soft shaky voice. "Here, if we stay, we know we will die."
Egypt's Copts have suffered attacks from Muslim neighbours since the 1970s, when increasingly intolerant interpretations of Islam spread across the country.
Attacks are particularly common in Minya, in the south of Egypt, where disputes over church-building and inter-faith love affairs often escalate into attacks by Muslim mobs who burn down Christian homes and expel Christian families.
But Islamic State's new campaign is more systematic. The group vowed in a video in December to exterminate the Copts. Its attacks, say analysts, seek to exploit pre-existing prejudices to tear away at a social fabric that has seen Muslims and Christians live together for centuries.
Bishop Anba Macarius, head of the Coptic diocese in Minya, told Reuters in an interview two days after the Palm Sunday attacks that the state needed a more systematic approach to the campaign.
"Dealing with every incident individually is wrong and dealing only with the symptoms is also wrong," they said.
"Words of condolence and encouragement have become worn-out... People to a certain extent are bored of it... People no longer are accepting just some nice words."
In Minya, where house-burnings and evictions are common, the dispute is usually settled by inter-faith reconciliation councils rather than through the criminal courts.
"The state institutions didn't change their approach in dealing with sectarian violence incidents, in most cases there is a lack of accountability for perpetrators of violence, lack of rule of law and justice," said Mina Thabet, a researcher on minorities and religious freedoms at the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms.
Egypt's highest Islamic authority, al-Azhar, froze all dialogue with the Catholic Church in 2011 after former Pope Benedict denounced what they called "a strategy of violence that has Christians as a target".
Pope Francis is visiting Egypt to rebuild ties with that influential Islamic organisation.
The pope's message of inter-religious peace and tolerance is likely to be echoed both by Sisi and Grand Imam Ahmed al-Tayeb, the head of Al-Azhar, a moderate who has spoken out against Islamic State and the sectarian nature of its attacks.
Sisi has staked their reputation on changing the religious discourse, demanding in 2014 wideranging reforms to counter the doctrinal foundations of Islamist extremists.
But the pope's visit also comes amid growing pressure on Al-Azhar inside Egypt, where critics have said the institution is too fossilised for the task. Parliamentarians and commentators have called in recent months for Al-Azhar to be reformed.
Christian clergymen have sought to calm anger among their flock and said the government is doing its best to protect them.
"The police are outside on duty and of course, in the end, God is the one who protects us," Father Boutros Daniel told Reuters after Sunday mass at a Catholic church in central Cairo. "Those who want to commit evil will commit evil and those want to do good will do good, and God will protect us."
(Additional reporting by Eric Knecht; Editing by Lin Noueihed and Philippa Fletcher)
(Deletes extraneous word in headline)
By Nick Brown
NEW YORK May 2 Holders of Puerto Rican sales tax-backed debt sued the U.S. territory in the early hours of Tuesday morning, alleging its debt-cutting plans violate the U.S. Constitution and kicking off a likely deluge of lawsuits against the ailing island.
The complaint, filed in federal court in San Juan, accuses Puerto Rico's leadership of impairing contractual rights of so-called COFINA bondholders, whose debt is backed by sales tax revenue, and trying to take their property in what they say are violations of the due process clause of the U.S. Constitution.
Ambac Assurance Corp, which insures $1.3 billion of COFINA debt, filed a similar lawsuit in San Juan federal court, alleging its constitutional rights were also violated, and including among its defendants Puerto Rico's federal financial oversight board and each of the board's seven members.
The board members and others authorities could not be immediately reached for comment as the lawsuits landed before dawn.
Puerto Rican officials have already imposed austerity, including cuts to worker benefits and pensions, and have said the debt cuts are needed to spare the already-poor island from even more severe cuts to quality of life.
With $70 billion in debt, a 45-percent poverty rate and near-insolvent public health and pension systems, a torrent of litigation could force Puerto Rico into a so-called Title III proceeding - an in-court debt-cutting process similar to U.S. bankruptcy.
Midnight, from Monday into Tuesday, marked the end of a freeze on creditor litigation under last year's federal rescue law known as PROMESA, designed to encourage Puerto Rico and the oversight board to negotiate debt-cutting agreements with creditors.
With no deals reached, the expiration of the freeze opened the floodgates for stakeholders to take Puerto Rico to court, in hopes of blocking Governor Ricardo Rossello's plan to impose drastic repayment cuts.
The COFINA plaintiffs - which include a local COFINA holder and hedge funds like Cyrus Capital Partners LP and Tilden Park Capital Management - accuse Puerto Rico, Rossello and other officials of angling to repurpose the tax revenue earmarked to pay COFINA debt.
The plaintiffs accuse Puerto Rico of taking their property "without just compensation or due process in violation of rights protected under the United States and Puerto Rico Constitutions."
They cite as evidence a law signed by Rossello on Saturday that would give the government authority to redirect sales tax revenue into Puerto Rico's general fund as part of a debt restructuring.
While both complaints ask the court to block Rossello from implementing a fiscal turnaround blueprint that was approved by the oversight board in March, Ambac's also seeks to prohibit the filing of any Title III bankruptcy that is premised on that blueprint.
The fiscal turnaround blueprint has been the bane of island creditors, forecasting that Puerto Rico will have only $800 million a year to pay its debt, less than a quarter of what it owes, auguring big haircuts for all bondholders.
“Sovereignty confers great power, but it does not authorize lawlessness,” Ambac's complaint alleges, adding that the board exacerbated the island's abuses by "giving its imprimatur to an ongoing scheme ... that can only be called theft.”
Filing a Title III bankruptcy would protect the island from lawsuits and give it more legal sway to impose the kinds of contractual alterations the plaintiffs are accusing it of undertaking illegally out of court.
Many experts and people involved in talks see bankruptcy as an eventual certainty, though timing is uncertain.
Tuesday's lawsuits follow a restructuring offer from Rossello's administration on Saturday that would have favored Puerto Rico's general obligation bondholders, whose debt is guaranteed by the island's constitution.
The plan would have seen GO holders recover as much as 77 cents on the dollar, while COFINA holders would have recouped just 58 cents.
Other defendants in the COFINA group's lawsuit include Elias Sanchez, Rossello's liaison to the oversight board; Gerardo Portela, director of Puerto Rico's fiscal agent, known as AAFAF; and AAFAF itself. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- After dealing with triple digit heat indexes for three days, easterly winds will take the edge off the heat for the Fourth of July.
As a result, highs in the upper 80s and low 90s are forecast and there is a slight chance for an isolated shower or thunderstorm to fire up Wednesday afternoon.
The mildest weather will be along the beaches and bay as well as the tidal rivers.
Southeast winds will return on Thursday and Friday, which will keep our weather seasonally hot and humid.
Click here to read more about the extended outlook.
CBS 6 Storm Team Links
Former O.J. Simpson prosecutor Marcia Clark slammed Fox's decision to broadcast a 2006 interview in which the disgraced football star gives a hypothetical confession to murdering their ex-wife and their friend.
Simpson's interview was shown on the March 11 Fox special “O.J. Simpson: The Last Confession,” conducted by then-HarperCollins publisher Judith Regan more than a decade after the 1994 slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25.
Clark, who prosecuted the so-called “Trial of the Century” in 1995 in which Simpson was acquitted of the murders, says on Monday's People Now: “To me, the whole bit of this is such an obvious ratings grab.”
Clark adds, “American Idol is airing on ABC; Fox is gonna counter-program.”
The original 2006 interview was supposed to run as a TV special called “If I Did It,” alongside Simpson's book of the same name, USA Today reports. In both, Simpson gives a detailed hypothetical confession to the grisly stabbings — but maintains they are merely speaking in the hypothetical.
Marcia Clark
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
After public backlash at the premise, both Fox and HarperCollins pulled the projects. Regan was fired from HarperCollins and Fox's Rupert Murdoch admitted it was “ill-conceived,” according to USA Today. (The book was later published with a modified title as part of a financial judgment with the Goldman family stemming from their wrongful death suit against Simpson.)
On People Now, Clark says, “Fox said [the special] was tasteless 10 years ago. I don't know what changed.”
Clark is the host of the new A&E series Marcia Clark Investigates The First 48, which follows Clark as they examine the first 48 hours of infamous cases including the murder accusations against Casey Anthony and the killing of Chandra Levy. The show premieres March 29 at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
Decades after they were thrust into the public eye, they say the murders still haunt them
From left: Nicole Brown Simpson, Ronald Goldman Paul Hurschmann/AP
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
“The pain of knowing that Ron and Nicole were brutally killed and nobody was brought to justice for their murders will never stop being painful,” they tell People Now. “And it's something that I thought a lot of people forgot about during the trial and in its aftermath, and in talking about it. Please remember them. Please remember what it's really about.”
RELATED VIDEO: Prosecutor Marcia Clark Comments on Anita Hill's Redemption & Says She'd Like to Work with Them in the Future
Despite being acquitted of the murders, Simpson was found liable for the pair's deaths in a 1997 civil trial and was ordered to pay $33.5 million to their families. They have paid them only a fraction of the money, Ron's sister Kim Goldman previously told PEOPLE.
When asked on People Now what they would do if they were to be alone with Simpson, Clark said, “I honestly have nothing to say to him.”
POWER LIFTER - Kerri Skladan demonstrated a squat at Body Basics. The squat, along with dead lifts and bench presses make up the sport of power lifting. Todd Colin Vaughan/Red Deer Express
While most of us first discover new sports when we are very young, power lifting tends to be a sport that adults discover later in life.
“Power lifting is generally a choice you make because you are thinking about doing something like competing,” Albert Duseigne, personal trainer at Body Basics in Red Deer, said.
“You may not be in your 20s anymore and you decide that it is time to get in shape, but for a purpose.”
Power lifting, as opposed to body building or cardio, is generally focused on building strength rather than physical appearance.
“There is always that thing in the back of some men's and women's minds that they don't just want to look good, they want the strength and conditioning to go with it.
“Power lifting is a great way to get that,” Duseigne said.
The sport is broken down into three very specific lifts: the squat, the dead lift and the bench press.
In competition, the culmination of these three lifts determines the strength of that competitor, specific to their weight and age class.
“Age classes go up to a grandmasters age of 70s and 80s. We have a woman who comes in here and they compete around the world and they are over 80. They love it and they love the competition of it,” Duseigne said.
They added power lifters will often form close-knit communities wherever they train and compete.
“When you come and do cardio, you put your headphones on and just go. There is a community when it comes to power lifting and there there is a brother/sisterhood that joins everyone,” they said.
For those interested in joining the power lifting community, it can be as simple as coming to the gym and trying all three of the lifts, but Duseigne said a coach can go a long way to building strength and preventing injury.
“If you have a background in lifting, you are way ahead of the game.
“If you are someone brand new to it, it is going to take a little bit of time. You want to make sure you aren't setting yourself up to be finished in two to three months because of injury,” they said.
They added that because the three lifts are repetitive in nature, injuries are often cumulative — especially to areas like the lower back, shoulders and knee joints.
“We inherently have ways we think we should lift things and the way we actually should lift things is quite often a different thing. The lower back tends to suffer at the beginning, but it is a fairly easy fix for most people with a little bit of technique.”
They added age is often a factor in knee and shoulder injuries.
Since power lifting involves compound muscle movements, athletes end up getting a cardio workout.
“They tend to bring up your heart rate. It is an anaerobic activity, but you are using your whole body to its fullest potential. Even though it is only three things, you are using your whole body in three things,” they said.
If power lifters decide they want to compete, the measurements of success are practical in nature.
“If I am against someone who is my body weight and in my age group and they lift more than me, there is no judging.
“If we both have successful lift but their weight is higher — they win. It is a ‘one plus one equals two' scenario,” Duseigne said. “It is very much a personal thing. You are ultimately competing against yourself for the most part.
“There is some competition with the people around you, which is why it becomes a community, but there is the competition within yourself.”
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/RedDeerExpress.
PARIS French conservative politician Francois Fillon, a candidate in France's presidential election, said on Thursday that campaigning should be suspended following the shooting in Paris in which a police officer was killed, and two others were wounded.
A first round of voting is scheduled to be held on Sunday in the election followed by a runoff vote on May 7 between the two leading candidates.
(Reporting by John Irish; Writing By Richard Balmforth)
April 28 (IFR) - Tyremaker Pirelli is bringing forward a plan to list its shares to the end of this year after reaching an agreement with its controlling shareholder.
The shares will probably be listed in Milan, although the company said it is considering other venues.
China National Chemical Corp, which owns 65% of holding company Marco Polo International, agreed to its shareholding being diluted below 50%.
Camfin, an Italian holding company whose investors include Pirelli boss Marco Tronchetti Provera, UniCredit, and Intesa Sanpaolo, owns 22.4% of Marco Polo, while an investment fund linked to Rosneft owns the remainder.
Pirelli was to list in the first half of 2018 but said it was bringing forward the listing because of an improvement in its financial profile and to take advantage of favourable market conditions.
The company said its net debt/Ebitda ratio is now below three times.
As part of the public offering, Marco Polo will receive €1.25bn from Pirelli's primary banks to be repaid with the IPO proceeds.
Pirelli will raise €1.2bn in a capital increase underwritten by Marco Polo to repay the same amount of debt, and refinance €4.2bn in credit lines to reduce costs and extend the average maturity.
Banca IMI, JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley are the primary banks and global coordinators for the listing. (This story will appear in the April 29 issue of IFR Magazine)
April 3 Tellurian Inc:
* Tellurian Inc- expects to begin construction of Driftwood LNG project in 2018 and produce first LNG in 2022, with full operations beginning in 2025
* Tellurian Inc- expects to make a final investment decision to begin construction following regulatory approval in mid-2018 for Driftwood LNG project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Review: Employees lax about Florida concealed weapon permits
Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this June 28, 2018, file photo, Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, center, meets with members of the media after a Florida Republican gubernatorial primary debate at the Republican Sunshine Summit in Kissimmee, Fla. A 2012 internal investigation released to The Associated Press after a records request found that 48 Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services employees made mistakes while issuing concealed weapons permits and armed security guard or similar licenses. Putnam, a Republican candidate for governor, was criticized last month after acknowledging that the agency revoked 291 permits awarded in 2016 and 2017 and fired an employee last year. less FILE - In this June 28, 2018, file photo, Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, center, meets with members of the media after a Florida Republican gubernatorial primary debate at the Republican Sunshine Summit ... more Photo: John Raoux, AP Review: Employees lax about Florida concealed weapon permits 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — A 2012 internal investigation found that 48 Florida state employees made mistakes in issuing permits for concealed weapons, security guards and other similar licenses — in some cases not even looking at applications, according to records released this week to The Associated Press.
The laxity among Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services employees was addressed at the time, including with at least one firing and new "checks and balances," officials said.
But the records add to revelations of lapses in concealed carry permitting in 2016-17 that have drawn criticism for department Commissioner Adam Putnam as they run for governor in the wake of February's Parkland school shooting, which brought gun safety to the forefront of the political agenda.
A campaign spokesperson for Putnam, a Republican who strongly supports gun rights, said the problems uncovered in 2012 started under a previous administration.
"Adam Putnam has proactively led efforts to hold government employees accountable and took action to address this issue which began before they were elected," campaign spokesperson Meredith Beatrice said.
Brad Herold, campaign manager for Putnam's Republican challenger, U.S. Rep. Ron DeSantis, said the latest revelations are "another example of what happens when you put career politicians in executive positions. Adam Putnam has clearly been spending too much time running for their next elected office and not enough time doing their job."
Putnam was criticized last month after acknowledging that the agency was forced to revoke 291 permits awarded in 2016 and 2017 and that it fired an employee last year, after it was found that they had failed to complete required federal background checks.
The records released this week show that the department's inspector general began an investigation in August 2012 after it learned an employee issued an armed security guard license to a felon. The employee's supervisor said there had been past problems with the employee issuing licenses to felons and counselling occurred beginning in 2008, but no formal disciplinary action was taken. Putnam took office in January 2011.
The employee resigned during the investigation, which found they had issued 35 licenses without looking at the applications or reviewing arrest reports. At that point, the inspector general decided to review the work of all employees who processed license applications and renewals.
Computer records from July 2010 to July 2012 were reviewed to see if employees opened license applications. Investigators could also tell if only the first page of applications was reviewed while subsequent pages were ignored.
Of the 47 other employees who failed to follow proper review procedures, the error rate varied widely, from an employee who reviewed 2,219 applications and failed in one case to look at the second page of a security officer license renewal, to a woman fired after it was learned they approved 3,625 licenses without a full review, including 99 concealed weapons permit applications that were never viewed. Them error rate was nearly 13 percent of the 28,275 licenses processed.
Several employees blamed the errors on computer glitches, while other said phone calls and other distractions might have caused them to make mistakes.
The inspector general made several recommendations since implemented by the department, including random checks of approved licenses, improved employee training and weekly reports reviewed by supervisors to ensure employees are complying with licensing procedures.
"What these IG reports show is that we learned of a problem, evaluated it thoroughly, took action to hold employees accountable and implemented checks and balances," Inspector General Ron Russo said in a statement issued by the department.
Still, Democrats running for governor said they were disturbed to hear another example of mistakes made on gun permits under Putnam's watch. Putnam has previously been a target of gun safety advocates for calling themselves a "proud ... sellout" to the National Rifle Association and for pushing to make it easier to get concealed weapons permits.
"It's incredible Adam Putnam didn't catch the gross negligence occurring in their own department earlier. What's even more incredible is that after they learned their department was issuing armed security guard and concealed weapon permits to felons, Putnam spent years working to weaken our state's gun laws even more," former U.S. Rep. Gwen Graham. "It's disgraceful to see NRA sell-out Adam Putnam even running for governor. Negligence under their watch made our state less safe."
The campaign for Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum said they are "alarmed at the steady drumbeat of revelations" coming from Putnam's office.
"It's incredibly brazen to run on your record of passing out concealed carry permits when in fact you were putting Floridians at risk," Gillum spokesperson Geoff Burgan said.
The Patriots acquired wide receiver Cordarrelle Patterson from the Raiders on Sunday by simply swapping a fifth-round pick for a sixth-round pick.
Terms: The #Patriots traded for WR Cordarrelle Patterson, while swapping a 5th round pick for a #Raiders 6th round pick. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) March 18, 2018
Patterson was a 2013 first-round pick of the Vikings and spent their first four seasons in Minnesota, primarily as a kick returner, making the Pro Bowl and NFL All-Pro team in 2013 and 2016.
They signed a two-year, $8.5 million deal with the Raiders last offseason.
In their lone season with the Raiders, Patterson caught 31 passes for 309 yards while running 13 times for 121 yards and two touchdowns.
They had 19 kickoff returns, averaging 28.3 yards per return (his lowest mark since 2014) and no touchdowns.
In New England, he'll be in a good place with offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels. Patterson isn't the best route runner, but the Patriots are generally creative with things which should open things up for Patterson in the pass/run game to go with their skills as a returner.
He's set to make $3.25 million in 2018.
(Repeats story filed overnight. No change to text.)
* Asia non-life distribution deal could be worth at least $500 mln
* Citi set to launch process in a few days
* Deal will be one of the largest in Asia
* Global insurers increasingly keen to tap bank distribution
By Anshuman Daga
SINGAPORE, March 28 Citigroup Inc will seek bids from global insurers keen to sell general insurance products across the U.S. bank's Asia-Pacific markets, in a deal that could be worth at least $500 million, a source with knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
Citi's move underscores how banks are leveraging their network of branches and customer base to generate assured revenue over many years, as demand for insurance grows in the region, the source said.
The multi-year, bancassurance deal for products such as motor, property and travel insurance, will be one of the largest of its kind in the region, and give insurers access to 15 million customers of Citibank in 12 markets including Singapore, Hong Kong, China, India and Australia.
Citi will kick off the process for the 15-year deal in a few days, and expects to choose a partner in a few months, said the person who declined to be identified as the information was not public.
The deal is expected to be pitched to a number of insurers including AIG and Allianz, two sources said.
The exact value of the non-life insurance deal will depend on various issues including how bidders structure upfront payments and calculate net present value of future commissions and deferred payments, the first source said.
A spokesperson at Citi declined to comment. AIG and Allianz also declined to comment.
Citi's plan to seek partners follows the bank's move to allow insurer AIA in 2013 to sell life insurance through its Asia network in a multi-year deal.
"The bank has invested a lot to grow its technology platform and digital engagement over several years. The idea now is to complement the life insurance partnership with another one for general insurance," said the source.
Global insurers are increasingly relying on bank distribution tie-ups to help generate billions of dollars in revenue in Asia, where rising personal incomes are enabling individuals and families to afford insurance.
"You are bound to see participation across-the-board, from Japanese insurers to Europeans and others for this kind of deal," said the second person, who has dealt with bank distribution transactions, referring to the Citi deal.
"More and more banks are monetising their distribution networks as this doesn't cost them much and the fees goes straight to the bottom line," they said.
The first source said Citi has an initial preference for one partner for all markets but is open to considering more than one, given the range and scale of the bank's retail platform.
Asia has seen a spate of bank distribution deals for life insurance in the last five years and transactions for non-life insurance are also heating up.
In January, Standard Chartered and Allianz announced a 15-year deal that enabled the German insurer to sell its general insurance products to StanChart's customers in five Asia markets. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga; Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn in LONDON and Suzanne Barlyn in NEW YORK; Editing by Randy Fabi and David Evans)
LOS ANGELES, April 6 Mud rising to levels of two feet bedevilled the filming of "The Lost City Of Z", a true-life drama about British explorer Colonel Percival Fawcett, who disappeared in the Amazon in the 1920s while searching for a mysterious city.
Director James Gray found mud to be their biggest challenge while filming in Colombia, saying, "When mud starts to get two feet thick and you get stuck in it, you can't move and the cameras can't move, and nothing can move."
Brad Pitt, whose Plan B production company is among those behind the movie, returned to the red carpet for the first time in four months, joining Charlie Hunnam, Robert Pattinson, Sienna Miller and Tom Holland for Wednesday's premiere in Los Angeles.
Charlie Hunnam plays Fawcett in the film, with Tom Holland taking the role of their son Jack, while Sienna Miller plays Fawcett's wife.
Pattinson reported having a good time in the jungle during the filming, however. "I really enjoyed it," they said. "If you're in a river in boiling heat and monsoon rain with crocodiles, there's only really one way to behave."
A period piece, "The Lost City Of Z", is based on a book by author David Grann. Fawcett's first attempt ended prematurely and during a second 1925 expedition, they and their son, Jack, disappeared in the Mato Grosso jungle of Brazil.
"The Lost City of Z", directed and written by Gray, opens in theaters on April 14. (Reporting and Writing by Reuters Television; Editing by Karishma Singh)
March 31 Puerto Rico's federally appointed financial oversight board scheduled mediation in debt restructuring talks between the U.S. territory's general obligation bondholders and holders of its so-called COFINA debt, which is backed by sales tax revenue, the board said in a letter to the creditors on Thursday.
The letter, which was not public but was obtained by Reuters, said former bankruptcy Judge Allan Gropper would serve as mediator in the talks, which will run from April 10-13 in New York. (Reporting by Nick Brown)
LONDON (AP) — Thousands of people have marched through London demanding more government money for Britain's overburdened National Health Service.
Trade unions and the main opposition Labour Party backed the "NHS in crisis: Fix it now" protest.
Marchers with placards proclaiming "Save our NHS" and "More staff, more beds, more funds" made their way through central London on Saturday toward Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May's Downing St. office.
Britain's state-funded health service has been under mounting pressure, with demand from a growing, aging population rising faster than investment. Winter illnesses and an exodus of stress-hit medical staff have led to thousands of canceled operations and long waits for ambulances and emergency treatment.
Advertisement
The British government says it is putting more money into health care and training more doctors and nurses.
* Buying LNG at fixed prices is a "gamble" -JERA
* Flat $8/mmBtu could be expensive in 2023 -Diamond Gas Int'l
* Tellurian's Souki says has seen strong response to offer
* Australia's Woodside also considering flat price offers -CEO
By Aaron Sheldrick and Osamu Tsukimori
CHIBA, Japan, April 6 Japanese buyers of liquefied natural gas have shown cautious interest in Tellurian Inc's bold guarantee of U.S. LNG delivered at a fixed price from 2023, wary of locking themselves into a price that may eventually work to their disadvantage.
Tellurian Chairman Charif Souki - who pioneered the first U.S. LNG exports ex-Alaska as head of Cheniere Energy - stirred things up at the Gastech conference in Japan from the start, offering cargoes delivered to Japan at a flat $8 per million British thermal units (mmBtu).
That goes against four decades of selling LNG and building liquefaction plants worth billions of dollars on the basis of long-term, fixed-volume contracts linked to the price of oil.
Souki's move looked to be in keeping with LNG importers pushing for lower prices and better terms, yet even some of the most aggressive buyers seemed taken aback by the flat rate.
"Fixed prices are a gamble," JERA Co's chief fuel transactions office Hiroki Sato told Reuters in an interview at the conference when asked about Souki's offer.
"If you hear now that you can buy LNG for Japan at $8 in 2023, everybody would probably say it's cheap. But ... actions based on predictions rarely work out. That is how it works in the world," they said.
'NOT BUYING AT $8'
Tokyo-based JERA Co, a partnership of Tokyo Electric Power and Chubu Electric Power, is the world's biggest buyer of the fuel. Last month it joined with Korea Gas Corp and China National Offshore Oil Corp to form a club to force producers to drop so-called destination clauses.
Despite Sato's wariness, Souki "is a genius (for) throwing a stone in the pond and creating a ripple. I don't know how I evaluate that or if it is good or bad," they said.
During supply shortfalls - such as when the Fukushima nuclear crisis of 2011 led to the shutdown of Japan's reactors and imports of LNG and coal spiked to records to replace lost power generation - prices can run up rapidly.
Spot LNG prices in Asia LNG-AS were at more than $20/mmBtu in February 2014, for instance, but with the more recent surplus they are now trading at less than $6/mmBtu.
Buyers might decide that $8/mmBtu looked cheap if oil prices were at $80 or $100, said Ryosuke Tsugaru, chief executive of Diamond Gas International, a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corp , said on the sidelines of the conference.
"But oil by nature is volatile. And if a fixed $8 turned out to be expensive, I don't know what they would do," Tsugaru said.
"I am not buying at $8," they said.
DRUM ROLL, PLEASE
Souki made their offer on Tuesday to deliver LNG to Japan at $8/mmBtu from 2023 under five-year contracts, including shipping. The offer covers an initial 7 million tonnes a year of LNG from Tellurian's planned Driftwood project in Louisiana.
"I think we will be sold out by the end of the year," they later said, as two Taiko drummers banged away at Tellurian's stand in the conference hall in Chiba near Tokyo, drawing a crowd of gas executives and onlookers who snapped pictures while drinking wine and champagne.
Souki told Reuters they had received a strong response from buyers in Japan, which takes about a third of global LNG output. They declined to identify any companies that had shown interest.
Australia's Woodside Petroleum is also considering sales of some of its LNG on a fixed-price basis, Chief Executive Officer Peter Coleman told reporters at a Gastech press briefing, although they mentioned no specific level.
"We can get to Japan for eight bucks, so it is fine with me," said Elizabeth Spomer, executive vice president at Veresen Inc and head of its planned Jordan Cove LNG project, when asked about the Tellurian offer.
The Jordan Cove terminal will be built in Oregon on the Pacific Coast of U.S. so is closer to Japan. Driftwood supplies from the U.S. Gulf Coast would need to come through the expanded Panama Canal or make an even longer journey.
"Charif is always provocative and it will be interesting to see what they do," Spomer said.
(Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick and Osamu Tsukimori; Additional reporting by Mark Tay; Editing by Tom Hogue)
THE bridge that connects the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) Terminal 3 to the Newport City business hub in Pasay City was launched on Tuesday.
Alliance Global Group Inc. (AGI), which financed the P1.5 billion Runway Manila, led the grand launch of the pedestrian bridge that is seen to ease traffic in Metro Manila.
Government officials led by Public Works Secretary Mark Villar and National Economic Development Authority chief Ernesto Pernia attended the event.
AGI chairperson Andrew Tan said Runway Manila was a “significant milestone for tourism as travelers may enjoy a safer and more pleasant experience upon leaving the NAIA Terminal 3.”
Villar agreed that the project will ease the traffic problem in the area.
Pernia said that the bridge has a big impact on the country's economy and business.
The pedestrian bridge is the first of its kind in the country, according to AGI president Kingson Sian. “(That] is our gift to the Filipino people and increasing number of tourists who come to visit our beautiful country,” Sian said. Nelson S. Badilla
PORTLAND, Ore.— Some 400 students from Mary Reike Elementary school and an entire neighborhood near Southwest Vermont will get to enjoy a brand-new soccer field funded by voters. The fix our parks bond was passed in 2014. Students will use it during school and during after class activities. Soccer Leagues will use it on weekends for games and practices. A new field was long overdue. The old turf was described as being hard as cement and a danger to the kids if they fell on it. Duniway and Lents Park also received the turf facelift since the bond measure was passed.
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
Sean Hannity was joined tonight by two Las Vegas police officers who responded to the scene of Sunday's horrific mass shooting.
It was only Officer Brady Cook's second day on the job, and they were shot by the gunman.
"I didn't expect it, but it's what I signed up for. When stuff goes down, I want to be there to face evil and protect the good, innocent people that need it," Cook said.
After they were hit, their partner, Officer Joshua Haynes, grabbed them and they started running down Las Vegas Boulevard.
"The shooter traced us. I don't know how we didn't get shot more. They were tracing us with gunfire," Cook said, explaining that they managed to steal a patrol car and rush to the hospital.
Haynes described total chaos when they initially arrived at the scene, since they didn't know how many gunmen there were and where they might be located.
"By the time we realized exactly where the rounds were coming from, the rounds were coming down like raindrops," Haynes said. "There were so many impact points that all we could do was try to hunker down."
They said when Cook was hit, their main concern was to get them the medical care they needed.
"When I stripped their shirt and I pulled their vest off, I could see two impact points. It was one under the arm and it looked like there was a second one going through the chest," Haynes said. "I was concerned they had a lung injury. And at that point, it was a matter of minutes. ... I knew I just had to get them to a trauma center."
Watch more above.
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
PHOENIX — Joshua Braun scored 14 points to help spark Grand Canyon's wire-to-wire, 89-55 rout of Chicago State in a Western Athletic Conference contest Saturday night.
Chicago State has now lost 19 straight.
Grand Canyon opened the game with back-to-back-to-back 3-pointers by Alessandro Lever, Casey Benson and Braun and never trailed. By halftime, the Antelopes led 36-27. Benson hit a layup and followed it with a 3 to push the lead to 46-27 barely two minutes into the second half. Grand Canyon finished with 11 3-pointers on 27 attempts (40.7 per cent).
Grand Canyon (17-7, 6-2) had its four-game win streak snapped by Utah Valley and the Lopes now have won back-to-back games.
Oscar Frayer had 12 points and Keonta Vernon added 10 points and grabbed eight rebounds for the Antelopes, who had 15 players see action and 13 figures in the scoring.
Glen Burns scored 12 points to lead Chicago State (2-23, 0-8).
By The Associated Press
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in their team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in their season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of their career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up their second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
Emma Morano during their 117th birthday on Nov 29, 2016
 They are born on Nov 29, 1899.
 They are born 4 years before Wright Brothers first air fly.
Them husband had died in World War One.
At the age of 26 they were forced to marry person whom they do not love.
Them son died at age of 6 months.
They kicked their husband out and they claim to be the first woman to do so.
Emma Morano family has 8 sisters and brothers. One brother lived for 102 years.
They used to 3 egss daily, 2 raw and one fried. In their last days they ate only 2 eggs. They didn't eat many fruits and vegetables.
Published: 16 April 2017
In a sad news we come to know that Emma Morano who is 117 years who are the world's oldest person and last of the 19 the century has died in Italy on Saturday. Emma Morano diet is so simple that many wondered how they are surviving.She lived in Verbania, on the shores of Lake Maggiore in Northern Italy. Them life was never easy because of the troubles they have gone through.Here are the top facts about Emma Morano who lived for 117 years and 137 days.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kevin Hart is confronting their demons.
In J. Cole's new music video for “Kevin's Heart,” the comedian takes on the cheating scandal from September 2017 when they admitted to being unfaithful to then-eight-months pregnant wife Eniko Parrish.
Hart 38, plays themselves as they go through a day presumably amid the news that an unidentified person allegedly tried to extort them for a sexually suggestive video.
The J.Cole-directed visual accompaniment opens with men and women staring at and judging Hart in a supermarket as the star peruses the aisles. Then in the car, Hart hears radio hosts discussing their “situation” before a woman in the car next to them sends flirtatious vibes and an older woman judges them with disgust.
Cut to another store, Hart is looking at strollers, as a fan instructs a young boy to take a picture of them and they get uncomfortably handsy with Hart.
RELATED: Kevin Hart Opens Up About Their ‘Tough' Year After Sex Extortion Scandal
J. Cole/YouTube
Lastly, during a dinner, Hart receives a note from a waiter, that reads, “Look at the bar,” where a woman is eager to invite them over. Hart, who appears frustrated, escapes to the bathroom where a man uses the stall next to him, saying: “Nobody's perfect and you're only human. Learn from it, man. Learn from it.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The music video ends with “Choose Wisely” written in the sky as Hart arrives home with theirs groceries.
WATCH: Kevin Hart Apologizes to Their Wife and Kids in Emotional Video After Alleged Extortion
In December, Hart apologized to Parrish as they emotionally revealed that someone was using the tapes and images to allegedly extort money from him.
“I'm guilty, regardless of how it happened and what was involved, the s–t that I can't talk about, I'm guilty. I'm wrong,” Hart said in an interview with the Power 105.1 FM show The Breakfast Club. “It's beyond irresponsible. There's no way around it. That's Kevin Hart in their dumbest moment. That's not the finest hour of my life. With that being said, you make your bed you lay in it.”
April 20 Virtu Financial Inc
* Virtu financial, inc. Agrees to acquire kcg holdings, inc
* Virtu financial -virtu has agreed to acquire kcg in a cash transaction valued at $20.00 per kcg share, or a total of approximately $1.4 billion
* Virtu financial - transaction expected to close during q3 in 2017 after receipt of kcg shareholder approval and all required regulatory approvals
* Virtu financial inc - within two years of completion of deal , virtu expects to realize about $208 million of net pre-tax expense savings
* Deal has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company
* Virtu financial - virtu intends to maintain its annual dividend of $0.96 per share after the close of the transaction
* Virtu financial - following the close of the transaction, douglas a. Cifu, virtu ceo, will remain ceo of the combined company
* Virtu financial inc says intends to fund cash transaction & debt refinancing with new gross borrowings of $1.65 billion and sale of $750 million of stock
* $750 million will be financed through the issuance of common stock at $15.60 per share
* Virtu financial inc - joseph a. Molluso, virtu cfo, will remain the cfo of the combined company
* Virtu financial inc - within two years of completion of deal , virtu expects to realize $440 million of capital synergies
* Virtu financial - also entered into a commitment with j.p. Morgan securities llc, to provide up to $1.65 billion of debt financing for the transaction
* Virtu financial - following deal close, combined co board will consist of 10 directors, including 8 of 10 members currently serving on virtu board
* Virtu financial inc - 2 new members from north island, robert greifeld and glenn hutchins, will join virtu's board of directors
* Virtu financial inc - sees q1 gaap net income $21.3 million
* Virtu financial sees q1 total revenues $147.3 million
* Virtu financial inc - sees q1 adjusted net trading income $79.4 million
* Virtu financial inc - over 25% accretion to virtu earnings per share with fully-phased cost savings and capital synergies following deal
* Virtu financial - north island will invest $625 million in virtu common stock, in partnership with gic and public sector pension investment board
* Virtu financial - temasek has committed to invest an additional $125 million in virtu common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After violence erupted and claimed the life of an anti-racist protester at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend, President Donald Trump faced growing pressure on social media to fire chief strategist Steve Bannon — the man who once proudly proclaimed their Breitbart News website as “the platform for the alt-right.”
The hashtag #FireBannon was trending on Twitter for much of Sunday evening and into Monday as celebrities and politicians called for Trump to axe Bannon, who is often cited as the nexus between the president and white nationalists.
“White supremacy has no place in America,” tweeted Star Trek actor George Takei. “Let's start with the White House. #FireBannon.”
White Supremacy has no place in America. Let's start with the White House. #FireBannon — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 13, 2017
TODAY! Call the White House: 202-224-3121
Congress: 202-456-1414 Tell them to #FireBannon — Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) August 14, 2017
Racism should not represent this country. #FireBannon — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) August 13, 2017
Let's begin to Stop White Supremacy, Neo Nazis and KKK where they feel most welcome, the White House. #FireBannon #Charlottesville — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) August 13, 2017
We call on the President to take the steps to remove Steve Bannon – well-known white supremacist leader – from their team of advisers. .@CNN — NAACP (@NAACP) August 12, 2017
Bannon wanted #Charlottesville. He's a supremacist in the WH and they must go. Use #FireBannon to make your voice heard. Tweet & RT. Be loud. pic.twitter.com/ka56JWDHL5 — Beau Willimon (@BeauWillimon) August 13, 2017
The bigoted policies of President Bannon are tearing our country apart. It is time to #FireBannon. https://t.co/sGFFfQwtOw — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) August 13, 2017
“We're the platform for the alt right.” 2016#FireBannon — John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) August 13, 2017
It's criminal that America's WH has been taken over by White Supremacists #FireBannon #FireMiller #ImpeachTrump They are Destroying America https://t.co/YcgY7wXO7o — os (@abctweet100) August 14, 2017
The president so far has stayed silent on the online call for Bannon's firing.
On Monday, facing widespread criticism that they didn't go far enough to condemn white nationalists for the violence at Saturday's rally, Trump gave a press conference denouncing white supremacy and declaring, “Racism is evil.”
Trump did not acknowledge that their initial response blamed “many sides” for the violence in Charlottesville, simply saying: “As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.”
Earlier on Monday, Trump took to Twitter to lash out at an African-American pharmaceuticals mogul who resigned from the president's manufacturing council to protest Trump's response to the events in Charlottesville.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
At the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville on Saturday, white supremacist protesters clashed with counter-protesters who were demonstrating against the event. A 20-year-old man whom police identified as James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of ramming their car into a group of protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Authorities said two Virginia state troopers, Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M. M. Bates, were also killed Saturday afternoon in a helicopter crash as they were responding to the rally.
For House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and many others, Trump's condemnation of racism on Monday comes too late.
If @realDonaldTrump is sincere about rejecting alt-right white supremacists sympathizers, they should start at the White House. #FireBannon pic.twitter.com/m2bfps3Q5g — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) August 14, 2017
Empty words, Donald. You want to help rid America of white supremacists? Start with your chief strategist in the White House. #FireBannon — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 14, 2017
Until you remove white supremicists from the White House, your words are empty @realDonaldTrump.
Actions speak louder.#FireBannon now. — Beau Willimon (@BeauWillimon) August 14, 2017
Some of Trump's top advisors are white supremacists & Nazis. If they believe what they say, they should #FireBannon, #FireGorka, & #FireMiller. https://t.co/7syDLIbQuW — Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) August 14, 2017
So will you fire the racists and bigots working in the White House @realDonaldTrump? Actions > words.#FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka https://t.co/tEfC6Sav4O — Col Doug Applegate (@ApplegateCA49) August 14, 2017
All you need to know
Took President Tiny Hands 48 hrs to call out Nazis
Took them 57 minutes to call out Merck CEO who is Black #FireBannon — Jeremy Wein (@thismyshow) August 14, 2017
RELATED VIDEO: Exclusive: Natasha Stoynoff Speaks Out: ‘I Don't Want Women to Feel Afraid'
Meanwhile, Trump's former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci ,who lasted only days in their position, said during an appearance Sunday on ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos that Trump's much-criticized response to Charlottesville was influenced by Bannon.
“You also got this sort of Bannon-bart influence in there, which I think is a snag on the president,” Scaramucci said in their first TV interview since being fired from their short-lived White House post. “If the president really wants to execute that legislative agenda that I think is so promising for the American people, the lower-middle class people and the middle class people, then they have to move away from that sort of Bannon-bart nonsense.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Transgender solon papasok sa AFP By Leifbilly Begas Bandera
Nais na pumasok ang kauna-unahang transgender na kongresista na pumasok sa Armed Forces of the Philippines.
Sinabi ni Bataan Rep. Geraldine Roman na natutuwa siya sa pahayag ng AFP na papayagan na nitong maging miyembro ang mga Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender.
“Change is truly happening on our country now as promised by Res. Duterte. I am very happy with this positive and historic development,” ani Roman.
Suportado rin ni Roman ang pagbabalik ng Reserved Officer Training Corps upang maihanda ang mag kabataan sa pagtatanggol sa bansa at sa pagtulong sa iba sa panahon ng sakuna gaya ng lindol at bagyo.
“I will be applying to become a military officer in the AFP Reserve Force to become the first transgender military officer of the Philippine Republic,” dagdag pa ni Roman.
Naniniwala si Roman na makatutulong ito upang mas matanggap ng publiko ang LGBT community na makakatuwang nito sa paglilingkod sa bayan.
Hirit naman ni Roman, pambabaeng uniporme ang kanyang isusuot.
“I just hope that they are aware that as a Transgender woman, I will be wearing a military woman's uniform and haircut,” dagdag pa ng kongresista.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
"What I would say is that this decision today was exceptional. We are in a situation where we're putting forth a decision to make something happen in an exceptional way for a project that, let's acknowledge, is pretty unique."
Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer vowed to make reviving Energy East a campaign issue and said they wouldn't put $4.5 billion on the table to get it done.
"I believe the Liberals would like people to believe (buying) was the only way to get the pipeline built but I think more and more Canadians are realizing that the fact that it's being nationalized is a result of other things that could have been avoided if this government had made different decisions," Scheer said.
If the government had reinforced federal authority for pipelines through the courts and in legislation as soon as B.C. NDP Leader John Horgan became premier last year, Scheer said that would have prevented Horgan from introducing the uncertainty that ultimately led to Kinder Morgan's nervousness that the project would never come to fruition. Instead, they said Trudeau did nothing to fast-track any constitutional references and never introduced legislation to "entrench and enshrine federal jurisdiction."
Horgan's court reference — to see if B.C. has the constitutional authority to pass a regulation to limit flows of diluted bitumen in the new pipeline pending additional scientific research on how to clean it up a potential spill — spooked Kinder Morgan investors. The Constitution gives Ottawa jurisdiction over pipelines and many legal experts believe Horgan's regulation won't pass judicial scrutiny, but the company nevertheless halted non-essential spending on the project in early April and demanded Ottawa prove there was certainty to move forward by the end of this month.
Morneau said this week the only way to provide 100 per cent certainty was for Ottawa to buy the pipeline, build the expansion itself and then sell the whole thing back to the private sector when it made financial sense later. They said federal ownership will shield the project from B.C. political hijinks.
However Toronto energy lawyer Ian Blue said ownership doesn't change the fact that the Constitution clearly gives authority for pipelines to Ottawa and the Supreme Court has upheld the law to prevent provinces from doing anything that would "neutralize its essential function."
In other words, Horgan's regulation would be unconstitutional no matter who owns the pipeline, said Blue.
The biggest question now, they said, is what Trudeau will do about the expected crush of protests. Thus far the government has only said it will respect the democratic right to protest.
More than 200 protesters — including NDP MP Kennedy Stewart and Green Party Leader Elizabeth May — have already been arrested for violating a court-ordered injunction to stay a certain distance away from Kinder Morgan's marine terminal in Burnaby, B.C. Many more protests are expected as anger at the government's pipeline purchase exploded this week.
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh said they have not instructed any other MPs in their caucus about how to participate in protests and said they understand the frustration and anger of people who felt the Trudeau government promised to protect the environment, not build more pipelines.
"I'm absolutely not condemning it," they said. "I'm saying I understand that people use non-violent civil disobedience. People use protests as a way to express their frustration and I understand that."
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
(Fixes typo in headline)
OSLO May 3 Lundin Petroleum's Gohta oilfind in the Norwegian Arctic contains less oil and gas than previously thought after disappointing drilling results, the company and the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate (NPD) said on Wednesday.
"The resource estimate for the find will have to be reduced after this well," the NPD said in a statement.
Lundin Petroleum is the operator of the find and has a stake of 40 percent. Aker BP is a partner with a 60-percent stake. (Reporting by Gwladys Fouche, editing by Terje Solsvik)
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
France has seen a sharp fall in the number of people smoking daily, with one million fewer lighting up from 2016-2017, a survey suggests.
Such a drop has not been seen in a decade, according to Public Health France, which carried out the study.
There has also been a decline in smoking among teenagers and those on low incomes.
The study pointed to the slew of anti-smoking measures introduced to France as a likely reason for the decline.
Recent years have seen neutral packaging, reimbursements for people using tobacco substitutes, higher cigarette pricing and campaigns like the national tobacco-free month.
According the survey, in 2017 26.9% of 18- to 75-year-olds smoked every day, compared with 29.4% a year earlier. This amounts to a drop from 13.2 million smokers to 12.2 million over the period.
France's Health Minister Agnès Buzyn in particular welcomed the decline in smoking among those on low incomes, saying that “tobacco is a trajectory of inequality, it weighs particularly on the most disadvantaged and it gets worse”.
What's the global story?
A study last year found that despite decades of tobacco control policies, population growth had meant there was an increased number of smokers.
Worldwide, smoking causes one in 10 deaths, half of them in just four countries – China, India, the US and Russia, according to the Lancet.
A country-by-country analysis warns that “the smoking epidemic is being exported from the rich world to low-income and middle-income countries”.
The World Health Organisation says picture warnings in particular are proven to help people quit, and says that 78 countries making up almost half the world's population currently meet best practices.
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairperson had stepped aside, amid reports they had been detained.
Theresa May today called on MPs to agree to a snap General Election to be held on June 8.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on their previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of "unity" in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Without a snap general election, Mrs May said "political game-playing" in Westminster would continue and lead to negotiations with the EU reaching their "most difficult stage" in the run-up to the previously scheduled 2020 vote.
"Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit, and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country," they said.
"So we need a general election and we need one now.
"Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin."
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Mrs May has repeatedly rejected the case for an early election and admitted in Downing Street they had only recently changed their mind.
"I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion," the PM said.
"Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020.
"But now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take."
April 6MD Medical Group Investments Plc :
* Says that its shareholders on April 28 will vote on the issue of up to 8.4 million ordinary shares of US$0.08 each
* The board would be authorised to allot and issue up to 8.4 million shares until April 27, 2022
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
All they have is a photo from the 1970s, a nickname, and social media – but the veterans from one Vietnam War platoon are hoping that will be enough to track down the buddy they called “Louisiana.”
Posting from their husband's Vietnam reunion earlier this month, Susan Waldrop Garvin posted the photo of the man, taken in 1970 or 1971 when their friends estimate they were 18 to 20 years old, and what their buddies remembered about him: their dark curly hair, the necklace they wore along with their dog tags, the fact that they had so many nicknames they don't even know if they ever knew their real name—and that, due to their main nickname, they think they may have hailed from Louisiana.
“He was a grunt on the ground in Vietnam. ARMY infantry; D Company; 2/8th CAVALRY; Range platoons in Vietnam,” they wrote, pleading for anyone who might recognize them to come forward
The post also included a video (viewed more than 170, 000 times so far, Garvin says) of three of their buddies talking about how much they miss them and want to track them down.
Garvin's husband Jim, who took the photograph, says they take it to every reunion they attend and everyone remembers Louisiana, but no one has been able to identify him. That post has been shared more than 130,000 times, and Garvin has made subsequent posts as news organizations have picked up the story.
“We just remember that the picture represents the beautiful grin that they had almost all the time,” Jim Garvin tells WBRZ. To WWL-TV, they add that Louisiana was “a very jovial and lighthearted person and kind of lifted the spirits of the rest of the troops.” ”
They were just a very happy-go-lucky, very positive individual,” they tell NBC DFW. They add that attending reunions can be “healing” for vets, and they hope Louisiana can make it to one.
More From Newser
The White House is pictured shortly after sunrise in Washington, August 1, 2007. REUTERS/Jason Reed
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump hopes to sign "several more" measures into law before the end of April to roll back Obama-era regulations under the time-limited Congressional Review Act (CRA), a White House official said on Wednesday.
Aggressive use by Republicans in Congress of the obscure CRA has provided them with several small-scale legislative victories at a time when they have struggled with major legislation.
Highlighting these, White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short said on a conference call with reporters: "There are several more that we hope to sign before this window closes on April 28."
The law has a short time span for introducing resolutions of disapproval: 60 legislative days after a regulation is finalized, meaning it can only be used shortly after a president of an opposing party leaves office.
Since Trump, a Republican, took office on Jan. 20, House of Representatives Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy has led Congress in churning out 13 resolutions killing regulations by Democratic President Barack Obama, most concern to business interests.
Trump, who vowed in the 2016 election campaign to slash regulations, has signed 11 resolutions under the CRA, rolling back the rules they targeted and barring agencies from writing "substantially similar" measures in the future.
On Monday, Trump signed a CRA resolution repealing broadband privacy protections. They have also signed resolutions killing rules meant to expand background checks for mentally ill gun purchasers, change public school assessments, and reduce coal waste runoff into streams.
Democrats have assailed the reversals as harmful to the environment, education and checks on Wall Street, with many saying the measures were meant to please big-money lobbyists.
Last Friday was the deadline for introducing new CRA resolutions. Now Republicans must complete voting on resolutions already in the legislative pipeline.
Written in 1996 and successfully used only once before 2017, the CRA was meant to restore the balance of power between Congress and the federal bureaucracy. But lobbyists and lawmakers have seized on it as a tool to repeal rules written in the final months of a preceding administration.
The U.S. government has thousands of regulations, which are categorized by their impact on the economy.
The Congressional Research Service, a nonpartisan arm of Congress, has reported that 76 "major" new rules, subject to CRA review, were written in 2015, down from 81 in 2014. The busiest year on record for major new rules was 100 in 2010.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Grant McCool)
* Chelsea preserve lead at the top with 2-1 win over Man City
* Eden Hazard's deflected shot put the Londoners in front
* City equalised after a mistake by Thibaut Courtois
* Keeper's error sees Sergio Aguero tap home from close range
* Hazard had penalty saved but they scored from the rebound
* Kompany header struck the bar early in the second half
* Chelsea next visit Bournemouth, Man City host Hull City (Adds details)
By Martyn Herman
LONDON, April 5 CHELSEA 2 MANCHESTER CITY 1
LONDON, April 5 Chelsea recovered from their shock weekend defeat with Eden Hazard's double securing a nervy 2-1 victory over Manchester City that maintained a seven-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Their home loss to Crystal Palace on Saturday re-ignited the title race but Chelsea responded with a gritty display to keep second-placed Tottenham Hotspur -- 3-1 comeback winners at Swansea City -- safely at arm's length with eight games left.
Hazard's deflected shot gave the hosts a 10th-minute lead although City keeper Willy Caballero should have saved it.
Sergio Aguero levelled with a tap-in after 26 minutes following a poor clearance by keeper Thibaut Courtois but Hazard restored Chelsea's lead against the run of play in the 35th with a rebound after their weak penalty was saved by Caballero.
Fourth-placed City dominated possession in the second half and skipper Vincent Kompany, starting a league match for the first time since November, looped a header on to the bar.
With news of Tottenham's late revival in Wales filtering through, there was palpable tension in the air and a huge sigh of relief swept Stamford Bridge in stoppage time when City defender John Stones blazed over with the goal gaping.
It was hardly a flowing performance by Antonio Conte's long-time leaders but the title is edging ever closer.
Pep Guardiola's City, for all their slick inter-play, are now looking anxiously over their shoulders at Arsenal and Manchester United after four games without a win.
Chelsea have 72 points from 30 matches to Tottenham's 65 ahead of Liverpool in third place on 60, having played a game more, followed by Manchester City with 58, then Arsenal and Manchester United on 54, both having played a game less.
HAZARD SHINES
If Chelsea does secure the title for the second time in three years, Hazard's contribution will be key.
The Belgian now has 13 league goals this season -- 10 of them scored at the Bridge.
Yet the two they scored on Wednesday were memorable only for their importance to Chelsea's cause.
Their 10th-minute shot from Cesar Azpilicueta's pull backpacked no real venom but it glanced off Kompany which seemed to fool Caballero who failed to keep the ball out.
Courtois's mistake for City's 26th minute leveller was even worse. The Belgian's clearance went straight to David Silva and, though the keeper saved the Spaniard's shot, the rebound was gobbled up by Aguero for their 15th league goal of the season.
Courtois redeemed themselves with a great save to deny Leroy Sané as City took charge, but the visitors' momentum was curtailed when Fernandinho -- one of two City players sent off in Chelsea's 3-1 win at the Etihad in December -- clumsily fouled Pedro in the area to give away a penalty.
Hazard's weak spot kick was saved by Caballero but the ball fell kindly for the Belgian to tuck away the rebound.
Chelsea rarely threatened after the break but Gary Cahill and David Luiz were rocks at the heart of the defence as the hosts completed a double over City. (Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sevilla v Leicester City - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium, Seville, Spain - 22/2/17 Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri after the match Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Former Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri, who defied 5000-1 odds to lead the team to a fairytale Premier League title in 2016, has said they are still stunned by their sacking last month.
The 65-year-old Italian lost their job after a nine-game losing streak that left the club hanging one point above the relegation zone. Since their departure, Leicester have won all four of their matches to move six points above the bottom three and reached Europe's Champions League quarter-finals.
"Thinking of Leicester the first thing that comes to mind is the sense of surprise more than bitterness," British media quoted Ranieri as saying at an event in Rome on Tuesday.
"The biggest thing is I'm just a coach who has had the joy of winning a championship with a fantastic adventure and then to experience the sorrow of what happened next.
"I had been through a lot in my long career, but never anything like this. It was a shock. Even if in the end, these things are part of football."
Ranieri has rejected offers from Italian team Citta di Palermo and German side VfL Wolfsburg, as well as offers from Chinese and Dubai teams in the past few weeks, with the hopes of making a swift return to England's top-flight, according to the Times.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
NEW YORK After a turbulent U.S. presidential election and a rollercoaster start to President Donald Trump's administration, this year's Tribeca film festival will come with a statement.
Environmental, political and social issues all feature strongly in the 200-strong selection of feature films, documentaries, television shows and immersive installations on offer during the April 19-30 festival.
Co-founder Jane Rosenthal said choices for the 16th festival included themes of the environment "and the fact we are an open society and everyone is welcome here."
"Artists can express things sometimes that no politician can," Rosenthal told Reuters Television.
Films about food waste, the protests over the Dakota Access Pipeline and the endangered white rhino are among a dozen projects linked to Earth Day, which falls in the middle of the festival on April 22.
A retrospective documentary about Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez, who was at the center of a 2000 custody and immigration battle; a documentary on maverick political operative Roger Stone; and "Copwatch," about the U.S. citizens who film police activity and arrests, are just some of the offerings tackling social and political issues.
On a lighter note, the festival will open next Wednesday with a documentary about record producer Clive Davis - the man behind the success of singers like Whitney Houston, Kelly Clarkson and Jennifer Hudson.
The closing weekend sees a 45th anniversary reunion and screening of the cast and director of Oscar-winning Mafia movie "The Godfather" and its 1974 sequel "The Godfather: Part II." Francis Ford Coppola, Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall are all expected to join a conversation after the April 29 screenings.
The Tribeca film festival was founded in 2002 by De Niro and Rosenthal to revitalize lower Manhattan after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Specialty geotechnical contractors such as Hayward Baker, Moretrench – now a Hayward Baker Company – and others have long been key players in advancing the state of the groundwater control practice in the United States. The authors, both industry specialists, discuss the realm of groundwater control methods currently in use.
Anybody who has been fortunate enough to work with renowned geotechnical consultant Ron Heuer has been blessed with their colorful word pictures that bring geotechnical concepts to life for us common folk. “Grout is dumb and slow, but groundwater is smart and tenacious” is a good example. We may not have stated it quite like that, but their point is crystal clear– groundwater is a fierce and unrelenting enemy. Whenever you let your guard down, it will act, and often with swiftness and power.
As long as the properties of soil and water remain constant (which we can probably count on for a long time) groundwater will remain the No. 1 source of problems in underground construction. Could this be due to the Ron Heuer groundwater tenacity or the fact that there is a very wide range of factors and conditions that aggregate successful or unsuccessful groundwater control? It's probably a combination of the two.
With tunneling work particularly, we put our methods to the test. We go deep. Sometimes really deep. We traverse variable ground conditions many times along uncompromising alignments which cannot be varied to avoid unfavorable conditions. In tunnels, shafts, adits, breakouts, cross passages, etc., we never have to space to accommodate “additional measures.” It is an unforgiving environment and tunneling rarely allows a “work around” when there is a problem. We typically cannot afford a “hiccup” in the work. That's why the groundwater control approach on a project is so critical.
Before the common use of the pressurized face TBM, dewatering was a huge component of most soft-ground tunneling projects. The open face digger shield, for example, would struggle when perched or residual water was encountered in potentially running ground conditions, and catastrophic soil run-ins would occur when an isolated pocket of undrained sandy soil would be encountered by surprise.
In easily dewaterable ground like thick deposits of sand and gravel, it was like a tunneler's dream. If there was little risk of off-site adverse effects (consolidation of compressible soils or moving plumes) or the ground could be dewatered without concern about difficult changes in geology, perching layers, or recharge from open water or even utilities, a dewatering approach was the lowest risk option. The greatest risk hinged on the effectiveness of the dewatering program. That risk remains today with sequentially excavated tunnels; however, the third-party impacts are less likely because the ground is invariably of lower permeability or “tighter” as that condition is a prerequisite for the stand-up time that goes hand-in-hand with the sequential excavation. It seems as if today there are more concerns about groundwater lowering perhaps because we are driving tunnels through some of the most congested urban areas, there is contaminated groundwater everywhere, and there is always the perception that dewatering is just going to cause problems.
The typical tunneling project today is a sequence of “bathtub excavations” connected by tunnels. The bathtubs are relied upon even when the ground conditions are highly favorable for dewatering. The vertical walls of the bathtub are constructed with slurry walls, secant piles, soil mixing, and steel sheeting. Ideally, a natural, low permeability cut-off stratum exists to act as a bottom of the bathtub, but when that doesn't exist, we must make the bottom with jet or permeation grouting. The bathtub approach is not risk-free by any means. A slight imperfection in a deep cut-off in the right (wrong) soil conditions can be catastrophic. Good craftsmanship is more important the deeper one goes. Soil/structure interaction and compatibility of dissimilar cut-off methods cannot be overlooked. There are a lot of elements of the work that must be executed flawlessly.
The recipe for a bathtub disaster is a deep excavation, a slight defect in a cut-off, plus a non-cohesive soil. Looking back on some of the more horrific ground loss events that we have been called in to, there is a common theme – excavation well below the water table, some kind of unanticipated gap in a cut-off, and surprisingly, a low permeability, but non-cohesive silt. Many people disregard the unstable potential of a non-cohesive silt (like Bull's Liver) because they recognize it as a low permeability material. Low permeability material is just assumed to be less susceptible to ground loss. Experience has shown just the opposite. We let our guard down and the tenacity of the groundwater wins.
Typically in tunneling, there is little we can do to accommodate leakage and groundwater intrusion without ground loss. A bottom seal can be configured as a deep blanket with soil between subgrade and the deep blanket to accommodate some leakage through properly constructed wells or wellpoints. But this option doesn't apply to vertical cut-off walls. When there are defects in cut-offs, unfortunately we aren't usually aware of them until they reveal themselves with a vengeance. The desired response is usually chemical grouting and/or jet grouting, and compaction grouting to replace lost ground. But a high degree of ground disturbance is a potential game changer. This is when we call on ground freezing.
We usually rely on ground freezing when there is absolutely no room for error, when we are deep and in ground conditions that are not amenable to displacement or erosion, when we have disturbed conditions or we are attempting to work in and amongst the grout of previous attempts. This is where ground freezing excels. It fulfills a need that is difficult or sometimes impossible to fill through other geotechnical methods. But in underground construction below the water table nothing is ever 100% guaranteed and even ground freezing has its Achilles' heel – moving groundwater. Excessive groundwater velocity can hinder the formation of a freeze, leading to windows in the frozen wall. We have learned how to diagnose the potential for this and address it early on with localized grouting to reduce the permeability of the soil and achieve closure. It's all in reading the groundwater behavior and responding quickly and precisely.
RELATED: Keller Group Acquires Moretrench
As history has shown in the many, many instances of projects significantly impacted or even abandoned because of groundwater inundation, this is often the riskiest and most challenging element of a project. It is hard enough to do it flawlessly when you have the right approach. An inappropriate or ineffective groundwater control approach is a recipe for disaster. It's critical, therefore, that groundwater should always be addressed early in the project cycle and the most appropriate groundwater control method or methods determined. Striking the right balance between cut-off and dewatering is a key factor, and for this, experienced practitioners are essential.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters Health) - - Being in a town where a major marathon is being run can pose a life-and-death hazard, researchers say.
A new study of cities hosting the largest U.S. marathons has found that the odds of dying if you have a heart attack or cardiac arrest jump 13 percent the day the race is run.
The authors think that's because blocked streets and traffic congestion add precious minutes to the time it takes for rescue units to get to the hospital.
On marathon days, it added more than four minutes in the 11 cities they studied. For people who drive themselves or have someone drive them, the delay is potentially much longer.
"The data are believable and the results important," said Dr. Selim Suner of Brown University's Alpert Medical School in Providence, Rhode Island, who was not involved in the research. "This will probably open the eyes of some of the planners for the events," they told Reuters Health.
"Most people have not thought of this as unintended consequence of marathons and other public events," said study coauthor Dr. Anupam Jena, an associate professor of health care policy at Harvard Medical School in Boston. Discussions with officials in the cities revealed "a lot of variability in terms of their awareness of this being a potential issue," they noted.
Jena and their colleagues looked at Medicare data from cities where marathons were run from 2002 through 2012, comparing death rates on the day of the race to rates in the five weeks before and the five weeks after. They and their team also compared rates in the host cities to those in surrounding zip codes that were unaffected by the race.
They found that the presence of the race in a city didn't alter the number of cases of heart attack or cardiac arrest among people over age 64, but it did increase their rate of death within 30 days of the cardiac event from 24.9 percent when a marathon wasn't being run to 28.2 percent when it was.
In addition, the rates of heart attack combined with cardiac arrest were twice as high among beneficiaries hospitalized on marathon dates as among similar beneficiaries hospitalized on non-marathon dates, “a finding that is consistent with delayed care," the researchers write in the New England Journal of Medicine.
When they focused on ambulance transport times in the morning - when the races are usually run - they found that while it typically took 13.7 minutes to get to a hospital, the time increased to 18.1 minutes on marathon days. The number of miles driven was unaffected by a race.
"Several things could be done to address the problem," Suner said. "Special routes could be preassigned for emergency medical services for different locations or planning could include rerouting to other hospitals."
"The second issue here, which is more challenging to solve, is we found about 25 percent of people admitted with cardiac arrest or heart attack actually came in by themselves," Jena told Reuters Health. "They were not brought in by ambulance, and those individuals probably experienced very large delays in transport time."
One solution could be to advise the public that if you have chest pains or shortness of breath, or symptoms that are alarming, the best thing to do anytime or particularly on a marathon day is to call the EMS and not drive to the hospital yourself, they added.
In all, the researchers evaluated 1,145 hospitalizations on marathon dates and 11,074 on non-marathon dates in Boston, Chicago, Honolulu, Houston, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New York, Orlando, Philadelphia, Seattle and Washington, D.C. There were not enough data to see if the death rates were lower in some marathon cities than others.
The study team also tried to exclude marathon participants from their tally.
But Suner, who is director of the disaster medicine and emergency preparedness department at Brown, cautioned that the study doesn't directly show cause and effect, and the researchers may have failed to account for other things that could make it look like the marathons produced extra deaths.
"For example: the authors did not look at daily temperature or ozone levels which may have been higher on marathon days accounting for increased death in this population," they said in an email. "Also, there may have been increased volume in the emergency departments during marathon days, making the care for people with myocardial infarction less than ideal."
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oNbKKx New England Journal of Medicine, online April 12, 2017.
PEOPLE are being urged to have their say after plans to build 258 homes behind a primary school were finally submitted to Wakefield Council.
Save Lupset Greenfields pressure group recently anticipated that Keepmoat Homes were close to sending in their blueprints for the housing on land behind Snapethorpe Primary and Milton Road in Lupset.
And now that the plans are in the hands of the council, the group is now asking people to send in their thoughts, either through email or by post.
Group member Iasabel Toomey said: “Residents who would be seriously affected by the development - people living on Milton Crescent, Milton Road, Airedale Heights and Broadway particularly those living close to Snapethorpe Primary - should take the opportunity to view the hard copy documents when they become available and should start writing in to the council's planning department as soon as possible making their objections to development known.
“Once the public notice goes up there will be only three weeks to make objections.”
With the M1 close to the site, Save Lupset Greenfields claims it would create dangerous pollution levels for any new estate built there.
Residents can log onto Wakefield Council's planning section, and add their comments to the application - the reference number being 17/02506/FUL.
Alternatively, write to the planning officer Janine Laver at Wakefield One, Burton Street, Wakefield, WF1 2DD.
LAWRENCE — A crew from the Kansas Geological Survey, based at the University of Kansas, will measure groundwater levels in 568 wells in early January to monitor the health and sustainability of the High Plains aquifer — the primary source of irrigation, municipal and industrial water for much of western and central Kansas, according to a media release.
The annual program is conducted in coordination with the Kansas Department of Agriculture's Division of Water Resources (DWR), which is in the process of measuring an additional 825 wells. Groundwater levels are measured in December, January and February to avoid short-term declines caused by pumping during the growing season.
The KGS crew will be near Colby and Atwood on Jan. 3, Goodland and St. Francis on Jan. 4, Tribune, Syracuse and Ulysses on Jan. 5, Elkhart and Liberal on Jan. 6, and Meade and Dodge City on Jan. 7, weather permitting.
Of the 1,393 wells to be measured in 48 counties by the KGS and DWR, 90 percent draw water from the High Plains aquifer, a massive network of underground water-bearing rocks that underlies parts of eight states and includes the extensive Ogallala aquifer. The rest of the wells are drilled into the Dakota aquifer and other deeper systems or shallow alluvial aquifers along creeks and rivers.
Most of the wells the KGS measures tap water from the Ogallala aquifer, which underlies much of western Kansas and makes up the bulk of the High Plains aquifer. On the whole, the wells have been monitored for years, some since the 1960s.
“Nine will be measured for the first time this year, with permission from the landowners, to fill in spatial gaps in the network of wells,” said Brett Wedel, manager of the KGS water-level-data acquisition.
Besides the Ogallala aquifer, the High Plains aquifer encompasses the Great Bend Prairie aquifer in west-central Kansas and the Equus Beds aquifer north and west of Wichita. DWR field offices will measure 825 wells in those central Kansas areas and other parts of High Plains aquifer in western Kansas. The Stockton field office will measure 222, the Garden City field office will measure 242, and the Stafford field office will measure 361.
“Given the above normal precipitation across much of western and south-central Kansas last year, I'm anticipating improved water-level changes relative to what we experienced three to five years ago, especially in southwest and south-central Kansas.” said Brownie Wilson, KGS water-data manager. “That may not hold true in Northwest Kansas, but we will see.”
Any cumulative slowdown of groundwater-level declines, however, would not be due to the excess precipitation seeping down and recharging the High Plains aquifer but to a significant reduction in pumping for irrigation, Wilson said.
Most wells monitored by KGS and DWR are within the boundaries of the state's five groundwater management districts (GMDs), which are organized and governed by area landowners and large-scale water users to address water-resource issues.
Historical annual measurements for each well are available at the KGS's website. Results of measurements made in January 2017 will be added in late February.
96.5 TIC and Stone Academy are proud to present Tickets on the :20s! Every day, we're giving YOU the chance to win tickets to the hottest concerts, movies and events coming to Connecticut this Summer, at 20 minutes after each hour from 9:20am to 6:20pm!!
Today is your chance to win a pair of tickets to see a Boston Red Sox game live at Fenway Park! Sox fans, are you looking for ways to entertain employees or clients? Take them out for a night at Fenway Park to watch your Red Sox. Visit redsox.com/groups for more information!
Act fast, though, because we're giving these tickets away TODAY ONLY!!
Tune in all day TODAY from 9:20am to 6:20pm… At 20 minutes after each hour, listen for the cue to call then dial 860-247-9696 for your chance to win!
We've got another fantastic, all-new prize coming up tomorrow, PLUS each winner from today until July 5th, 2017 also qualifies for the GRAND PRIZE– invites for you and up to 10 friends to a private performance at our Beach House with Ed Sheeran!
Listen in all month long as 96.5 TIC brings you the hottest prizes, each day, all this month!!!
Tickets on the :20's is presented by Stone Academy and 96.5 TIC. Enroll Now! Classes Starting soon! Online at Stone.edu.
BEIRUT Iranian filmmaker Keywan Karimi has been released after nearly five months in Evin prison in Tehran on charges of "propaganda against the state" and "insulting sacred values", the Human Rights Activists News Agency (HRANA), a news site run by a collective of Iranian human rights advocates, said on Thursday.
Karimi, 31, was released on Wednesday, HRANA said.
The charges stem from a documentary about political graffiti in Tehran made by Karimi called "Writing on the City". In 2015, Karimi was found guilty and sentenced to six years in prison and 223 lashes but an appeals court subsequently reduced the sentence to one year in prison.
Since late December, at least 22 journalists and activists have been arrested, according to the Center for Human Rights in Iran, a New York-based research and advocacy organization. Many are being kept in solitary confinement without access to their family or lawyers.
About a dozen of those arrested have been administrators of pro-reformist channels on Telegram, a social media platform used by millions of Iranians. They were rounded up in mid-March, though some were subsequently released.
The arrests have posed a challenge for Iranian president Hassan Rouhani, who promised to increase freedom for ordinary Iranians while in office and has registered to run in presidential elections on May 19.
The Iranian judiciary did not issue a statement about Karimi on Thursday but HRANA said that they had been let out of Evin on a "conditional release".
(Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh; editing by Ralph Boulton)
“Europalia is a huge arts festival. There will be a lot of professionals from the art and entertainment industry. They [the filmmakers] can't miss this opportunity.”
The 52 films selected to represent Indonesia revolves around diverse themes, including social and urban issues, religion, sexuality, cuisine and politics.
“We have 31 feature films, 10 documentary features, 10 short documentaries and Sardono W. Kusumo's film ‘8mm' that will represent each of the themes,” Nan said at a press conference in Central Jakarta on Tuesday (03/09).
To enter Europalia, Nan said, the movies must have been previously screened at international film festivals.
Among the films representing Indonesia will be: “It's Not Raining Outside” by Yosep Anggi Noen, “A Copy of Mind” by Joko Anwar, “Laskar Pelangi” (“The Rainbow Troops”) by Riri Riza, “Postcard From the Zoo” by Edwin, “Berbagi Suami” (“Love for Share”) by Nia Dinata, “Negeri Di Bawah Kabut” (“The Land Beneath the Fog”) by Shalahuddin Siregar and “Bangkit dari Bayangan” (“Rising From the Shadow”) by Norhayati Kaprawi.
During the festival, Indonesian artists, writers and culture officials will also promote the country's traditional and modern art scene, literature and tourist destinations.
“Brussels is the comic capital of the world. It is home to Tintin and the Smurfs … we would like to introduce Indonesian comic art to the international audience,” Nan said.
The festival will run from Oct. 10 to Jan. 21, with nearly 300 cultural events in Poland, Germany, Belgium, France, United Kingdom, Austria and Holland.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By STEPHEN KORANDA
Friday is the deadline for candidates in Kansas to make it official by filing with the secretary of state's office to appear on the ballot.
That date is also an important cutoff for voters. It's the final day people in Kansas can switch political parties before the primary election on Aug. 7.
Here are four things to know about the deadline:
Party switching
People who want to switch political parties have to do it before Friday, June 1, at noon.
This affects people who are currently registered as Republican, Democrat or Libertarian but want to vote in another party's primary. The primaries are closed in Kansas, meaning voters have to be registered with a party to cast a ballot in that primary. The Libertarian Party does not have a primary ballot.
Voters can register online or at many local locations, such as the county election office.
Independents
The rules are different for unaffiliated voters.
Voters with no party affiliation on their registration can still choose to register with a political party after Friday. They can even affiliate with a party on Election Day and then vote in the primary. The deadline this week only affects people who are switching political parties.
What can wait
People who only need to change their address or are registering for the first time in Kansas have a later deadline.
The deadline to register for the first time, or change addresses without switching political parties, is July 17.
First-time registration
Kansas voter registration rules still apply to people registering to vote for the first time, sort of.
Kansas has a requirement that people registering to vote for the first time in the state prove their U.S. citizenship with a document such as a birth certificate. However, court rulings in lawsuits over the policies mean those rules aren't currently enforced for people registering to vote with the federal form. The proof-of-citizenship rules are still being enforced when people register to vote with the state form.
Stephen Koranda is Statehouse reporter for KPR, a partner in the Kansas News Service. Follow them on Twitter @kprkoranda.
LIMA (Reuters) - Peru said on Friday it was expelling Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest the country's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
Venezuela responded by ordering the charge d'affaires at the Peruvian embassy in Caracas to leave the country within five days. Peru withdrew its ambassador to Venezuela in March.
Peru's announcement on Friday, shortly after President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Maduro a "dictator", marked the first time that a country has moved to expel a Venezuelan ambassador since the country's July 30 vote to form the constituent assembly amid allegations of fraud.
In Latin America, Peru has taken the toughest stance toward Maduro as they seek to consolidate power and crack down on anti-government protests and unrest that have left 120 dead since April.
People walks pass near Venezuela's embassy in Lima, Peru, August 11, 2017 Mariana Bazo
Earlier this week, Peru summoned top diplomats from the region to discuss Venezuela in Lima, Peru's capital, where 12 nations condemned the "rupture of democratic order" in Venezuela and said they would not recognise any action taken by the constituent assembly.
Maduro has said the constituent assembly is the country's only chance at securing peace and prosperity.
Venezuela called Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker, "an enemy of the country, for continually interfering in the domestic affairs of Venezuela."
"The Venezuelan government will continue to deepen relations with the heroic Peruvian people despite the actions of the elite that governs Peru," Venezuela's foreign ministry said in a statement. It added that its ambassador to Peru, Diego Molero, was in Venezuela.
The escalating rhetoric came as U.S. President Donald Trump threatened military intervention in Venezuela, which Venezuela called "an act of craziness."
LONDON, April 20 (IFR) - CME Clearing has completed its first compression cycle for swaps cleared by non-member clients, alongside post-trade derivatives firm TriOptima.
Using the triReduce service, CME's latest cycle allowed non-member participants that access the clearinghouse through a broker or futures commission merchant to tear up legacy Mexican peso swaps for the first time. Until now, those clients could only compress superfluous exposures by going into the market to create perfectly offsetting trades.
A total of 17 clients participated in the cycle, including Banorte Mexico.
“Since we are a major participant in the derivatives market, this compression process simplifies the management of our swaps portfolio and optimises our capital requirements,” said Jacaranda Nava, head of derivatives trading at the bank.
Compression has become a vital service for derivatives users to reduce their outstanding swaps exposure books due to rising capital charges that have made the instruments costly for banks to hold. The leverage ratio under Basel III, which is based on gross notional exposures, has particularly driven dealers to slim down their books of such trades.
For client users, compression helps simplify operational processes. With a floating leg every 28 days, Mexican peso TIIE swaps portfolios are subject to thousands of fixing and payment events that can be eliminated through compression.
Many non-dealer derivatives users have moved their Mexican peso swaps into clearing ahead of a regulatory mandate after new rules forcing the daily exchange of variation margin on non-cleared swaps went live in March. Additional clients, including local banks, pension funds and other locally domiciled entities are expected to join for future cycles.
“As clients face additional balance sheet pressures from uncleared margin rules, we are very focused on providing services like multilateral compression, along with the breadth of cleared products we offer, to unlock significant value for our clients,” said Sunil Cutinho, president of CME Clearing.
CME Clearing and TriOptima began their collaboration in 2016 and have since compressed US$26.1trn in notional principal, of which $1.2trn is in Mexican peso swaps. The two firms have run 15 compression cycles across five currencies.
TriOptima, which is owned by NEX Group, runs compression cycles for cleared and uncleared swaps, enabling swaps users to avoid millions of events in Mexican peso and the potential risks and costs that come with them.
“We anticipate that more customers who are accessing clearing through their FCMs will participate in the triReduce service in future cycles,” said Peter Weibel, CEO of triReduce. (Reporting by Helen Bartholomew)
The Latest: Kevon Looney to re-sign with Warriors
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Tony Dejak, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Files - In this June 8, 2018 file photo, Cleveland Cavaliers forward Jeff Green shoots before Game 4 of basketball's NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors in Cleveland. Green is heading back to Washington, the city where they played college basketball at Georgetown, joining the Wizards to provide some front-court help. A person familiar with the deal tells The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Tuesday, July 3, 2018 that Green agreed to a one-year contract for the veteran's minimum of $2.4 million. less FILE - In this June 8, 2018 file photo, Cleveland Cavaliers forward Jeff Green shoots before Game 4 of basketball's NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors in Cleveland. Green is heading back to ... more Photo: Tony Dejak, AP Image 2 of 4 Files - In this March 2, 2018, file photo, Charlotte Hornets' Michael Carter-Williams dribbles during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, in Philadelphia. Carter-Williams is on the move again, this time to the Houston Rockets to add some backcourt depth behind MVP James Harden and Chris Paul. Carter-Williams agreed Tuesday, July 3, 2018, to a one-year minimum deal, according to a person involved in the negotiations. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the deal is unsigned. less FILE - In this March 2, 2018, file photo, Charlotte Hornets' Michael Carter-Williams dribbles during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, in Philadelphia. Carter-Williams is ... more Photo: Chris Szagola, AP Image 3 of 4 Files - In this Feb. 10, 2018, file photo, Los Angeles Clippers' Avery Bradley dribbles during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, in Philadelphia. very Bradley is staying with the Clippers. Bradley has agreed to sign a two-year contract with the Clippers after free agents can begin making deals official on Friday, according to a person familiar with the negotiations. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Tuesday, July 3, 2018, because neither side was commenting publicly until the league's offseason moratorium ends. less FILE - In this Feb. 10, 2018, file photo, Los Angeles Clippers' Avery Bradley dribbles during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, in Philadelphia. very Bradley is staying ... more Photo: Chris Szagola, AP Image 4 of 4 The Latest: Kevon Looney to re-sign with Warriors 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The Latest on NBA free agency (all times EDT):
8:20 p.m.
A person with direct knowledge of the agreement says versatile big man Kevon Looney will re-sign with the Golden State Warriors.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity Tuesday because Looney's deal cannot become official until they sign after the moratorium period is lifted Friday.
Bringing back Looney, a power forward and center, was a top priority for general manager Bob Myers to keep the young core of the two-time defending NBA champions together.
Looney lost 30 pounds last offseason to make themselves a regular member of coach Steve Kerr's rotation, even earning starts in five postseason games during the absence of Andre Iguodala.
—Reporting by Janie McCauley in Oakland, California.
___
8 p.m.
Mike Scott is headed West to the Clippers.
The unrestricted free agent forward has agreed to a one-year deal, according to a person with knowledge of the agreement who spoke on condition of anonymity because it remains unsigned.
Scott averaged 8.8 points, 3.3 rebounds and shot 40 percent from 3-point range as a reserve in their first season with the Washington Wizards.
— Reporting by AP Sports Writer Beth Harris in Los Angeles.
___
6:55 p.m.
Utah didn't let Dante Exum get away.
The Jazz locked up their third internal free agent of the summer Tuesday, agreeing to terms with Exum on a three-year extension that will be worth around $33 million. The extension was confirmed to The Associated Press by a person with knowledge of the agreement, speaking on condition of anonymity because it remains unsigned.
Exum has been limited to a total of 80 regular-season games over the past three seasons. They averaged 8.1 points and 3.1 assists last season for the Jazz.
— Reporting by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami
___
5:35 p.m.
Utah has kept another of its internal targets, with restricted free agent Raul Neto agreeing to a two-year extension.
Neto's decision was confirmed Tuesday by a person who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the deal remains unsigned, with the NBA's offseason moratorium in place until Friday.
The news comes one day after the Jazz and Derrick Favors also agreed on a two-year contract.
Neto averaged 4.5 points and 1.8 assists per game last season for Utah, which is still seeking a deal with its third in-house free agent — Dante Exum.
— Reporting by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami
___
5:25 p.m.
Tyreke Evans had plenty of suitors, and decided to sign with the Indiana Pacers.
A person with knowledge of the negotiations says Evans has agreed to a one-year deal that will be worth $12 million for next season. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the contract cannot be signed until Friday at the earliest.
Evans is a proven scorer, and expanded their 3-point ability last season as well. They spent last year with Memphis, averaging 19.4 points per game.
For their career, Evans has averaged 16.5 points in stints with Sacramento, New Orleans and the Grizzlies. They also had meetings with Golden State and Oklahoma City, among others, before choosing the Pacers.
— Reporting by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami
___
4:35 p.m.
Jeff Green is heading back to Washington, the city where they played college basketball at Georgetown, joining the Wizards to provide some front-court help.
A person familiar with the deal tells The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Tuesday that Green agreed to a one-year contract for the veteran's minimum of $2.4 million. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because the move cannot become official until after the NBA's free-agency moratorium is lifted Friday.
Washington needed to add some big men after trading away starting center Marcin Gortat and losing backup power forward Mike Scott to free agency.
The Wizards play in the same arena that Green played most of their home games in while with the Hoyas, who they led to the Final Four in 2007.
Green, who turns 32 in August, spent last season with the Eastern Conference champion Cleveland Cavaliers. They have played 10 NBA seasons with six teams, averaging 13.2 points and 4.6 rebounds.
They missed the 2011-12 season because of open-heart surgery.
— Reporting by AP Sports Writer Howard Fendrich in London.
___
2:35 p.m.
Michael Carter-Williams is on the move again, this time to the Houston Rockets to add some backcourt depth behind MVP James Harden and Chris Paul.
A person involved in the negotiations says Carter-Williams agreed Tuesday to a one-year minimum deal. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the deal is unsigned.
Houston will become Carter-Williams' fifth team in six seasons. They were a backup in Charlotte last year, averaging 4.6 points per game.
They were the NBA's rookie of the year for Philadelphia in 2013-14 when they averaged 16.7 points per game. But their scoring average has dropped each year since.
— Reporting by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami.
___
9:30 a.m.
Avery Bradley is staying with the Los Angeles Clippers.
Bradley has agreed to sign a two-year contract with the Clippers after free agents can begin making deals official on Friday, according to a person familiar with the negotiations. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Tuesday because neither side was commenting publicly until the league's offseason moratorium ends.
Yahoo Sports, which first reported the agreement, said the contract will be worth $25 million.
Bradley played in 46 games last season between the Detroit Pistons and the Clippers. They were traded to the Clippers in January as part of the Blake Griffin deal, then made only six appearances with Los Angeles before being shut down with a hernia.
For their career, Bradley has averaged 12.3 points in 459 NBA games.
— Reporting by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami
___
More AP NBA: www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
HONG KONG, April 13 (IFR) - Asian credit markets were weaker on Thursday as tensions on the Korean peninsula grew, with trading light ahead of the Easter holiday.
Most recent investment-grade issues from China traded below water following this week's heavy supply, traders said.
"Holiday mood, heavy supply and geopolitical concerns all weighed on market sentiment today," said a Hong Kong-based credit trader.
"Looking ahead, the momentum in China credit supply is likely to perdure in coming weeks."
The iTraxx Asia IG index was 0.1bp wider at 101.0bp/102.5bp. South Korea's sovereign five-year CDS has widened by 10bp so far this week.
South Korea said on Thursday it believed it would be consulted by the United States before any possible pre-emptive US strike against Pyongyang and China urged the North to halt its nuclear programme.
In investment grade, Citic Securities' new 2020s and 2022s were bid 5bp-6bp wider than their reoffer price, respectively.
Beijing Enterprises' euro-denominated new 2022s were bid at 99.95 after being reoffered at 99.966.
In the high-yield sector, Aluminum Corporation of China's 2022s, sold at par yesterday to yield 4.25%, were seen 20bp wider, according to traders. Peking University Founder Group's unrated new 2020s were spotted at 101.5 in cash price.
(Reporting by Ina Zhou; Editing by Vincent Baby)
SYDNEY, April 13 Australia's foreign investment watchdog has cleared Chinese- backed coal miner Yancoal Australia Ltd to pursue its $2.45 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto 's Coal and Allied Division, Yancoal said on Thursday.
The approval by the Australian Investment Review Board marked a critical milestone for Yancoal, representing the Australian government's support for investment in the local resources sector, Yancoal said.
Yancoal said it expects to complete the deal in the third quarter of 2017. (Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Sandra Maler)
The Edelweiss Real Estate Advisory Practice (REAP) part of the Edelweiss Group takes up Parinee Eminence located at Worli, a grade A+ commercial project by Parinee group as a distribution partner.
Parinee Eminence will address the continuously accumulating demand from small & medium enterprise (SMEs) owners, entrepreneurs, professionals and start-ups for small and medium-sized offices in a modern commercial environment. Situated at Worli Junction and Senapati Bapat Marg, the project is spread across 2.48 acres of land with office space ranging from 567 sq.ft. to 1104 sq. ft. The price of boutique offices starts from Rs. 2.12 Crore.
According to Mr. Vipul Shah, Managing Director, Parinee Group, “It gives me immense pride to be associated with Edelweiss's Realty arm. We are committed to ensuring that Parinee Eminence is developed to the highest of standards and believe this is a significant milestone in that journey. We further look forward to doing our best to deliver an exceptional and highly successful commercial landmark.”
“We are pleased to be a part of this prestigious project as distribution partner. With portfolio expanding to multiple geographies, our ultimate focus is on enhancing value by enabling greater visibility, desirability, market penetration and profitability for projects we undertake. Backed by cutting edge technology solutions, in-depth market understanding, our people and processes, we are committed to create value propositions both for our partner developers and customers alike,” said Mr. Ram Yadav, CEO, Edelweiss Real Estate Advisory Practice.
Designed by architect Niteen Parulekar, Parinee Eminence is easily accessible from various business-centers, airports, hotels, recreational clubs and more. With an aim to balance proficiency with luxury, the project is designed with a unique LED screen façade inspired by nature to reflect urban biomimicry. Another unique design element is the use of natural lighting and ambient conditions which not only enhance the look but also save energy and cut operational costs. Double-decker elevators have also been deployed to systematically manage the rush hour crowds.
In addition, Parinee Eminence will offer its clients various amenities including two-storeyed 33,000 sq. ft. clubhouse with a fully equipped gym, spa and salon, business center, banquet hall, food court, infinity pool and an open landscape terrace. The other features of the project include fully furnished service apartments, restaurants and cafes, double height sky resto-lounge and a rooftop restaurant with 360-degree panoramic views.
Parinee Eminence has 100 per cent commercial FSI and every office has mesmerizing view of either Worli Sea Face or Mahalaxmi racecourse or cityscape. This landmark commercial building in Worli aims to become a prime candidate for high rental yields and commensurate uptick every year.
MahaRERA Registration No. P51900015555. The project is Registered under MahaRERA as “PARINEE EMINENCE PHASE 1”. For further details, visit: http://maharerait.mahaonline.gov.in
To know more about the project Call: 022-6190 8430
Email: [email protected] |
Website: https://www.edelweisshomesearch.com/eminence/
March 28 Unitech Electronics Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.61 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$ 0.09 per share
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 33.0 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/tYVoU6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31 Innovation Medical Management Co Ltd
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 24.1 percent to 34.5 percent, or to be 19 million yuan to 22 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 29 million yuan
* Comments that decreased income from industrial shift, subsidiary's net profit reduction and increased costs as reasons
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xrDQsD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PITTSBURGH — Darnell Edge scored 18 points with four 3-pointers, Noah Morgan and Kaleb Bishop added 15 points apiece, and Fairleigh Dickinson beat Robert Morris 73-67 on Saturday to even the season series with the Colonials.
Jahlil Jenkins scored 11 points with seven assists for the Knights (8-15, 5-7 Northeast Conference), who shot 42.2 per cent from the field in winning their third road game of the season.
Trailing by 11 at halftime, Robert Morris closed to 46-41 on Charles Bain's 3, but Edge and Morgan each hit 3s for a 56-43 FDU lead. The Colonials trailed 68-62 on Koby Thomas' 3-point play with 1:06 to go, but got no closer from there.
FDU led 37-26 at halftime after outscoring the Colonials 20-8 in the paint and scoring 13 second-chance points off of 10 offensive boards.
After much speculation, actor and activist Cynthia Nixon announced Monday that they are officially throwing their hat in the New York gubernatorial race.
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” they tweeted Monday, along with a video.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
“I've never lived anywhere else,” Nixon says in the video. “But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore.”
The “Sex and the City” star will challenge Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the state's Democratic primary in September.
Nixon is forming a team of alumni of the New York political sphere, including Rebecca Katz and Bill Hyers — who worked on New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's first campaign — to help them ahead of the primary, NY1 reported earlier this month. Katz will work on the campaign as a senior strategist. Nicole Aro, who recently worked as the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations' director or digital strategies, will serve as campaign manager.
The Tony, Grammy and Emmy Award-winner was among the star-studded cast of actors, entertainers and activists who came together for “the People's State of the Union” in January, an alternative event to President Donald Trump's first State of the Union speech.
“Our democracy is under attack, and we Americans need to cherish and to fight for it,” Nixon said during their speech.
The mother of three, who is married to activist Christine Marinoni, has also been vocal about education issues, and they served on de Blasio's advisory board for the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. They were recently honored by the Human Rights Campaign with its Visibility Award for their work advocating for marriage equality and fighting stigma and prejudice.
In a January op-ed for CNN, Nixon wrote: “If we've learned anything during this first year of the Trump presidency, it's that the cavalry isn't coming to save us. We ourselves are the cavalry. In 2018, each one of us has to do whatever we can to take the government back. If we want change, we have to go out ourselves and seize it.”
Nixon's campaign said in its press release that the candidate will spend the coming weeks traveling across the state to hear from voters.
Nixon's entry into the race could split state progressives, who have felt burned by Cuomo's leadership in Albany and repeated clashes with de Blasio. Reached on Monday, the New York Working Families Party, which backed Cuomo in 2014 after a contentious internal debate, told CNN they hadn't yet reached a decision for 2018.
“Our endorsement in the Governor's race will be determined by our state committee, which is comprised of 232 labor, community and grassroots activists from across New York State,” said New York WFP director Bill Lipton. “Stay tuned.”
In this article, first published in the African Security Review journal on December 3 2017, scholars Godfrey Maringira, a post-doctoral fellow at the University of the Western Cape, and Tyanai Masiya, a post-doctoral fellow at the Human Science Research Council in Cape Town, analyse the threats posed by militaries to modern democratic rule, especially in the Zimbabwean context.
Godfrey Maringira & Tyanai Masiya
This paper, serialised by the Zimbabwe Independent, reveals the ways in which Zimbabwe Defence Forces (ZDF) generals have played a political role in the Zimbabwean elections, an issue which is both a political threat and a security threat to the state. It is argued that the ways in which ZDF generals engage in the political process goes against Section 208(2) of the constitution of Zimbabwe, which summarily states that the military must be apolitical. In substantiating this argument, the paper presents and analyses various public speeches made by army generals.
In post-colonial Africa, the military has been and continues to be both a political threat and a security threat in some countries through the ways in which it aids regimes in manipulating election results. This paper reveals the ways in which the generals have been a threat to the opposition and the electorate, and how they have propped up former president Robert Mugabe and their political party, the Zimbabwe African National Union (Patriotic Front) (Zanu PF).
It is also argued that part of the explanation as to why the military involves itself in politics has to do with the privileges extended by the civilian political leaders in return for the military's support, especially during and after elections. In substantiating this argument, public speeches made by military generals in Zimbabwe — and especially those made in support of Mugabe's regime — are presented and analysed.
The paper draws from civil–military relations theory which postulates that, in modern democratic states, the military has to subordinate itself to civilian choices of leadership. The idea of military professionalism is also presented and discussed, a concept which helps with understanding the military organisation as a profession. The army generals' public statements are then presented in order to highlight the unprofessional conduct of the ZDF which has influenced elections.
Military vis-à-vis democratic polls
The government in a functional democracy is chosen by the people; for a country to be called a democracy, its army should observe strict political neutrality so that voters can exercise their right to vote without fear of retribution. Election processes are vehicles through which political power is retained or pursued and social differences are highlighted.
The periodic election of political leaders is conducted under conditions of universal suffrage, with civil and political freedoms enjoyed by all citizens. Thus, where polities approximate a democracy and the military is politically neutral, the rules of the electoral game provide powerful incentives for office-seeking incumbents and challengers alike to compete for voters' approval in the electoral contest.
The holding of free, fair and transparent elections enables citizens to bear significant influence on the choices made by their leaders and, subsequently, the policy choices that are made by the elected officials, while the military should act within its confines by providing security to all citizens.
In this regard, a democracy where the military does not interfere with elections provides the means through which populations can peacefully and regularly oust inept, inefficient and corrupt governments. At the same time, democracies facilitate mechanisms for people to retain more efficient, successful regimes, thus tending to make the quality of governance on average higher in the long run.
The essence of citizen control in democracies is captured by Amartya Sen, who states that considering the effects of democracy relative to authoritarian regimes: we have to consider the political incentives that operate on governments and on the persons and groups that are in office. The rulers have the incentive to listen to what people want if they have to face their criticism and seek their support in elections.
Therefore, the minimalist purpose of elections is to make the holding of political office conditional upon the expressed nominal preferences of the public, and not the military. In a democracy, those seeking to be in power only get what they want, i.e. power, if the people get what they want, i.e. good public policy.
In other words, in democracies, elections make the holding of power provisional and policymaking efficient; they are an orderly, regularised, and omnipresent threat to withdraw public consent. Anticipating accountability considerations among voters and competition for office, politicians attempt to act with “responsiveness” to critical mass audiences. They deliver benefits and position their appeals so as to advance their chances for election or re-election.
However, in a context where the civilian leadership is shielded by the military, it neither has a motivation to respond to the demands of the masses nor to relinquish power on the basis of the ballot. Hence, democracy is important because it enables the people, at periodic intervals, to hold their rulers accountable and replace the government of the day if it fails to enact policies responsive to people's aspirations.
Elections enable people to choose representatives who will respond to their developmental needs and concerns, and give the people the power to hold the government to account on an ongoing basis. When citizens are provided with a direct “voice” in political life, society's trust of and willingness to co-operate with the state in achieving development is strengthened.
However, in the Zimbabwean case, the lack of military professionalism is demonstrated through the military's meddling in elections, which appears to have the effect of stifling the will, choice and participation of citizens in the selection of political leaders who are not affiliated with Zanu PF and Mugabe.
Professionalism: Contextual analysis
When discussing the military, it is of concern to both scholarship and policy practice to engage with and understand the concept of military professionalism. While the concept of professionalism is difficult to define in a definitive way, its basic tenets have to do with the integrity, honour and competence of the military as an organisation.
In their approach to civil–military relations, which speaks broadly to military professionalism, Samuel Huntington argues that the military has to subordinate itself to civilian politics and leadership. This is what Huntington calls “objective civilian control”, which refers to the military needing to pay attention to the choices made by civilians. Analysing the political events in Egypt, Libya, Syria and Yemen, it is noted by Barany that the military has to act democratically to enhance peace rather than pursuing violence.
In explaining the role of the military, Morris Janowitz refers to it as a “constabulary force”, i.e. the ways in which the military becomes a protector of civilians from any threat. In situations where the military becomes a protector of the regime in power rather than the citizens, scholars have argued that the military does this for certain political benefits that have to be understood as “mutual accommodation” between army generals and politicians. Through this “mutual accommodation”, politicians provide the military with economic and political benefits and privileges and, in return, senior officers such as army generals offer political support through the gun.
For Karawan, in North African countries it is in fact the civilian politicians who turn to the military for political support. However, the concept of military professionalism in practice is contested by scholars who argue that the sole client of the military is the state — hence there is an overwhelming reason why the military has to be political.
For Rubin, army generals in the Middle East have always maintained that politics is too important to be left to civilians. However, what is not clear is the degree to which the military should be political. For Finer, the military is quite disciplined and so can be trusted to take over political power: “Instead of asking why the military engages in politics, we ought to surely ask why they ever do otherwise.”
In this case, Finer is of the view that the military should be an actor in politics. Similarly, Harb contends that, military disengagement from politics is never final and complete, while in the Brazilian context, Stepan argues that the military has a political function, i.e. it is not isolated from politics.
Even though the view that the military should be involved in politics has been posited, it is not clear to what extent it should be involved in politics.
In this paper it is argued that the involvement of the military in electoral politics such as in the case of Zimbabwe goes against the practice of military professionalism. If the military is allowed to participate in electoral processes then this means that it is likely to defend the regime that best serves military interests rather than the interests of the voters.
In the Zimbabwean context, Section 208(2) of the constitution maintains that the military has to be apolitical and must refrain from supporting any political party or politician. Hence it is asserted that the involvement of the military in electoral politics is not only unprofessional but a threat to the security of the people. (To be continued…)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Dean L. Rasmussen 75 of Sioux City, died Sunday, June 24, 2018 at a local care facility.
A celebration of their life was held from 5-7 p.m. on Thursday, June 28 at the Elliott Creek Presbyterian Church in Bronson, with the service at 7 pm. Arrangements are under the direction of Waterbury Funeral Service of Sioux City.
Dean was born on June 13, 1943 in Sioux City, the son of Lloyd and Velma (Ping) Rasmussen. They graduated in 1961 from the Bronson High School. Dean was united in marriage to Linda Devine on February 23, 1963.
Dean worked most of their life in sales of heavy construction equipment sales. They enjoyed meeting new people and building long time friendships with their customers.
They never knew a stranger and would strike up a conversation with anyone.
Dean was a faithful member of Bill W. (AA) for 42 years. They enjoyed the Bronson 4th of July parades, where they drove their antique tractor and in later years their 1953 Chevy.
Dean was an active member of the Elliott Creek Presbyterian Church. For many years, they enjoyed their morning coffee with their Bronson buddies.
Dean and Linda enjoyed their winters in Sun City, Arizona, where was known as the “popcorn man” for their afternoon social hour. You could often find Dean “tinkering” on some sort of project in their workshop.
Their family was very dear to him. They were a kid at heart and loved playing with the grandkids. Their great-grandson Brody brought an instant smile to their face when they entered the room or just the mention of theirs name.
Survivors include their wife Linda; daughter Nan (Kerry) Owings; grandchildren Leah (Rasmussen) Ugland and their husband Casey, Kyle Owings, Jennifer (Mike) Ellis; their great-grandchildren Jay, Jada, Langston and Brody; and their sister, Vina (Bob) Rodecker.
They were preceded in death by their parents and one son, Steven Rasmussen.
NEW YORK — Marijuana farm investor Serge Chistov is shrugging off anti-weed rhetoric from Attorney General Jeff Sessions as just a bunch of reefer madness.
“If Sessions picks this fight, he's going to lose,” said Chistov, an investor in the Honest Marijuana Company in Colorado, the first of eight states that have legalized pot for non-medical use. “He's going to be fighting against the money.”
Recreational pot is already for sale in Oregon, Washington and Colorado, where Chistov praises its benefits to the economy.
“I'm not changing my business plan one iota,” they said. “This is the winning strategy.” They said legal pot's popularity will help them prevail against any possible federal intervention, which would cost too much tax money to implement effectively.
Under the Obama administration, eight states and Washington, D.C. voted to legalize recreational marijuana. Colorado, Washington and Oregon were the first states to do so, and they've already developed a regulated, taxable industry for recreational marijuana, with dispensaries and growers. The other five states voted to legalize recreational marijuana on the day Trump was elected, but haven't had time to develop a regulatory structure.
Sessions hasn't said anything specific about what he's going to do about marijuana, or if he's going to do anything at all. But it's still illegal under federal law, and Sessions has made it clear that he's against legalization.
“I reject the idea that American will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store,” they said, in a speech in Richmond, Va., last month. “And I am astonished to hear people suggest that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana — so people can trade one life-wrecking dependency for another that's only slightly less awful.”
The Attorney General recently appointed a task force to review “existing policies” for marijuana and to “ensure consistency” with the anti-drug policy of the Trump administration.
Separately, White House press secretary Sean Spicer has said to expect “greater enforcement” of federal marijuana laws.
Steve Rusnack, owner of the Full Bloom Cannabis dispensary in Fork Kent, Maine, sells medical marijuana and would like to expand into recreational now that it's been legalized by the state. But he's concerned about the possibility of a federal crackdown.
“If I start seeing DEA agents locking down recreational businesses out West, I'm going to stick with medical,” said Rusnack. “I've got a family. I don't want to get locked up.”
Maine is one of five states, along with California, Nevada, Alaska and Massachusetts, that voted to legalize recreational marijuana last year. State lawmakers still have to work out regulations, and local jurisdictions also have to set tax rates and make zoning decisions as to where the dispensaries will be located.
Marijuana investors, farmers and retailers typically start out with medical and then branch into recreational as their states legalize that, too. Many of them are pushing ahead, undeterred by Trump. Zach Lazarus, COO of the Green Alternative Medical Marijuana Dispensary in San Diego, and Priscilla Vilchis, CEO of Premium Produce, a medical marijuana company in Nevada, both said they're going to start selling recreational cannabis in accordance with state laws.
Business is booming, and it's expected to grow. New Frontier Data, which analyzes the cannabis industry, projects that it could top $21 billion in annual sales by 2020 and employ 300,000 workers nationwide.
“Can we put the genie back in the bottle? Most people would say no,” said Giadha Aguirre De Carcer, the firm's founder and CEO.
Justin Olsen of New World Organics, a small dispensary and grower in Belfast, Maine, was considering expanding when the state voted to legalize recreational pot last year. They want to serve recreational customers at their dispensary in addition to medical patients, and to open an Amsterdam-style cannabis café.
But the anti-marijuana rhetoric from the Trump administration has prompted them to take a “wait and see approach.”
“I believe that the attorney general will do what they say he's going to do,” said Olsen, who doesn't want to risk the disruption to theirs business.
But given the widespread popularity of legalization, he's optimistic that the industry will triumph in the end.
“I think everybody's tired of the drug war,” they said.
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) on Thursday reported its first-ever quarterly loss of subscribers, even as it offered an unlimited data plan, raising questions on whether the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier may need a larger acquisition than Yahoo to diversify its business.
Verizon has been struggling to fend off smaller rivals T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) and Sprint Corp (S.N) in a maturing market for U.S. wireless service, and in February offered an unlimited data plan for the first time in more than five years.
While it has pursued other revenue streams, including a $4.48 billion deals for Yahoo Inc's (YHOO.O) core business, analysts have questioned if it should pursue a more transformative combination.
"We continue to believe that the company needs a strategic transaction to support their wireless business for the long-term," analysts at New Street Research said in a note.
Meanwhile, Verizon's main competitor AT&T Inc (T.N) plans to diversify its business through an $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), which would give it control of cable TV channels like HBO and other coveted media assets.
Verizon's shares were down 1.2 percent at $48.33 in midday trade.
Earlier this week, Verizon Chief Executive Lowell McAdam said in an interview with Bloomberg News that they are open to deal talks with companies ranging from Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) to Walt Disney Co (DIS.N).
On Thursday, Chief Financial Officer Matthew Ellis clarified the comments, saying that while the company would consider deals that are in the interest of shareholders, it is confident in its assets.
"The ecosystem is constantly changing, and if there's somebody who comes to us with an idea of how we can kind of leapfrog forward in that environment, we're going to listen to them," Ellis said in an interview with Reuters. But they added, "We are very confident with the strategy that we have."
In the first quarter, Verizon said it lost 307,000 retail postpaid subscribers or those who pay a monthly bill. Analysts on average were expecting net additions of 222,000, according to market research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
Churn, or customer defections, among wireless retail customers who pay bills on a monthly basis, increased to 1.15 percent of total wireless subscribers, compared with the average analyst estimate of 1.03 percent, according to FactSet.
Ellis noted that churn rose in the first half of the quarter but came down in response to the relaunch of unlimited plans. "It really was a tale of two halves," they said.
But analysts viewed the results as disappointing.
"They badly missed on every important subscriber metric, and it just underscores that the wireless business is a severely growth-challenged business at the moment," said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson in an interview.Net income attributable to Verizon fell to $3.45 billion, or 84 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $4.31 billion, or $1.06 per share, a year earlier. Excluding items, earnings per share was 95 cents.
Total operating revenue fell to $29.81 billion from $32.17 billion a year earlier.
According to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, analysts had expected adjusted earnings per share of 99 cents and revenue of $30.77 billion.
(Reporting by Anjali Athavaley in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernard Orr)
RENO COUNTY – A Kansas woman was injured in an accident just after 9a.m. on Monday in Reno County.
A vehicle driven by Jericah Ravenstein, Hutchinson, was traveling in the 5300 Block of North Plum, according to the Reno County Sheriff's Department.
The driver lost control of their car south of the roundabout intersection in the drizzle and fog.
The car slid sideways into the ditch before rolling over onto its top.
Ravenstein was not wearing their seat belt and was trapped inside the car.
EMS removed them from the car and transported them to Hutchinson Regional Medical center for further evaluation.
The Reno County Sheriff Office is continuing the investigation into the accident.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Badger 5' game
MADISON, Wis. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Wisconsin Lottery's "Badger 5" game were:
09-18-20-24-31
(nine, eighteen, twenty, twenty-four, thirty-one)
Estimated jackpot: $10,000
¶ Maximum prize: $45,000
April 2 Arsenal recovered twice to earn a 2-2 draw with Manchester City in the Premier League at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday thanks to goals from Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi after Leroy Sané and then Sergio Aguero had given the visitors the lead.
We have gathered some post-match reaction from supporters of both clubs: Arsenal: Arsenal Mania "That was the first bit of fight Arsenal have shown in a very long time. We probably didn't do enough to deserve a win this afternoon but we showed a glimpse of the desire that we've been lacking lately. "The stats show we only had one shot on target in the second half. We're not going to make the top four with form like that and we're running out of time. There is so much ability going to waste here. We really need a new manager with a new approach. "I thought Danny Welbeck was more effective up front than Olivier Giroud, at least they penned Manchester City's defence back and forced them to track him. Welbeck also made them work for the 50/50 balls. Did Giroud even touch the ball?  They are a player that should be winning every header. "There is no cohesiveness to this Arsenal team under Arsene Wenger. They were all running around trying to do their thing. The midfield had zero control and Hector Bellerin always gives the ball away. Their shocking defending led to Leroy Sané's goal. He's an embarrassment. "The result is disappointing, especially against a side that turned up for 20 minutes and left Jesus Navas on the pitch after having made made three decent passes in their entire City career. Then they bring on Yaya Toure who looks about 20 yards off the pace. "The pressure is well and truly on. Roll on Wednesday." Manchester City: Bluemoon MCFC "Manchester City should have beaten Arsenal easily this afternoon. Instead we made them look good. It's probably a fair result on the day but we've dropped two huge points. "We had plenty of chances to kill the game, particularly in the first half. It sums up our season. There is always that nagging feeling that we were going to concede. We usually do. "You don't have to hammer every team to beat them, you just have to score more than them and we should have done that today. We might have won it if the referee had given us that stone-wall penalty. "Our chances also would have been a lot better if the referee had sent off Theo Walcott for going over the ball in the first half with a potential leg breaking challenge, or if Granit Xhaka had got a second yellow card for lunging in like a lunatic on Yaya Toure. "I hope Pep Guardiola sits Kevin De Bruyne down and gives them a proper talking to. There should be none of this putting their 'arm around the shoulder' nonsense. Experiencing a drop in form can't really be helped, but at the moment they look like they don't want to be there. "De Bruyne's ball in for Leroy Sané was sublime and there are very few players that can pull that off, but their application from that moment on was shocking.  They are also responsible for Arsenal's second goal." (Compiled by Claire Bloomfield; Editing by Clare Lovell)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Kayne Anderson Energy Development Co :
* KAYNE ANDERSON ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CO - ‍AS OF JANUARY 31, 2018, COMPANY‘S NET ASSETS WERE $205 MILLION, AND ITS NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE WAS $18.99​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ( Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
When you think of '90s boybands, you think of soulful harmonies accompanied by choreographed moves.
But 98 Degrees member Jeff Timmons tells PEOPLE that the band didn't do as much as you think. “We didn't even do choreography with 98 Degrees,” they say with a laugh. “Well, I mean, we called it ‘strategic staging.' Basically pointing and swaying. The feet are not that involved in what we do. There was no dancing. We scoff at dancing!”
But their “strategic staging” hasn't prevented two of the four band members from competing on Dancing with the Stars. Nick Lachey is a frontrunner on this season. (His brother, Drew Lachey, took home the prize for Season 2.)
What does Timmons think about watching their bandmates compete on stage? “It's a lot of fun to watch,” they say. “I literally had popcorn when watching Nick,” says Timmons.
“I think he'll do really well,” Timmons continues. “I want them to win! The better they do, the better it makes our group look. It raises our stock. If they win, that'll be two members of our group with the mirror ball trophy. No other group can say that.”
So if DWTS came calling, would Timmons, 44, follow in their bandmate's footsteps? “Absolutely,” they say. “But I'd ruin our average by being booted off first.”
(Editor's note: Don't let Timmons fool you with their false modesty. They created a Vegas male revue, Men of the Strip. Not only do they select the dancers, but they have performed a few times himself. If there's one thing those guys know how to do, it's dance.)
98 Degrees is currently getting ready to return to the stage for a tour to support their upcoming second Christmas album, Let It Snow.
Timmons says that the group — which recently celebrated its 20 year anniversary — is ready to get back on the road together. “We're all looking forward to it,” they say. “It's fun to be together, and we have our own stuff going on, too. But no matter what, we support each other 100 percent in everything we do.”
British business tycoon Nicholas van Hoogstraten has ruled out a rights issue and borrowings at the diversified concern CFI Holdings Ltd, saying their family will provide any funding requirements at the group.
— Staff Writers.
The business person, who pushed out directors from a rival group last year, says they can fund the company.
“Any money that may be required (at CFI), we can provide ourselves from our own funds. Everything in the world that my family owns, we own outright with no mortgages or debt!” they said in e-mailed responses to our enquiries.
According to Hamish Rudland, a majority shareholder in CFI, the group needed US$12 million in new capital.
Rudland told businessdigest last year in an interview that the funds would be split as US$3 million (Farm & City, US$5 million for Agrifoods, US$3 million for Victoria Foods and US$1 million for Glenara Estates).
Van Hoogstraten says they can provide the required funding, obviating the need for a rights issue or bank loans.
“CFI was historically an important and prosperous company. The company will be restored in due course to its former position.
Immediately, we are taking action to recover what we can through a forensic audit of land dealings over the past 10 years as well as fraudulent transactions with so-called financiers, suppliers and advisers.”
This comes as the group reported a profit of US$879 000 for the year-ending September 30 compared to a loss of US$45 million in the prior year. Revenue rose to US$42 million from US$29 million while finance costs declined.
Hamish Rudland, who was instrumental in providing strategic direction to the group since acquiring a majority equity stake in CFI in 2015 after buying a majority equity stake in Zimre Holdings Ltd, said yesterday the results reflected their team's efforts.
“Yes, we stabilised the business and put it in the right direction. This was a simple process, as the business sells itself and its products; it was just being managed and run in the wrong way,” they said.
Rudland confirmed they were a director at Tefco and did not conceal this fact to CFI and would recuse themselves from deliberations involving Tefco.
“I am a director of Tefco finance. This was disclosed to CFI and I always excused myself from any discussions around business between CFI and Tefco. The banks were not keen to lend to cfi so Tefco became a saviour to cover working capital for operations. Van Hoog also never wanted to capitalise the business so no shareholder support.”
On allegations money went missing at Glenara and that they had suppressed an audit report, Rudland said: “Yes, US$1 700,00 went missing. This was during a cash in transit and there was a system breakdown. The financier took the loss as the report could not point at any party or individual.”
In a statement accompanying its financial results, CFI said: “After year-end, Mrs Grace Muradzikwa, Mr Ephraim Chawoneka and Mr Douglas Mamvura resigned from the board after the major shareholder group required their resignations due to their conflict of interest on the Langford Estates transaction and other matters. Mr Hamish Rudland also resigned subsequent to being required to do so by the major shareholder group citing free use of company premises by Swift, an entity in which they have interests and also their involvement in using their influence to suppress an audit report which stated that money had gone missing from Glenara Estates after being collected by Tefco (Pvt) Ltd, a company in which they sit as a director.”
However, Mamvura and Chawoneka insist the allegations against them are “unfounded and spurious” as they were not on the board of CFI when the Langford deal went through.
“An extraordinary general meeting has been requisitioned seeking my removal as a director on spurious and unfounded grounds which for the record are disputed in their entirety. Take note that I fully reserve my rights to pursue the defamatory allegations made against me,” a statement they issued last year reads.
The duo said the transaction Van Hoogstraten is now disputing was approved by the ZSE after following due processes.
The statement also said: “Mr T (Timothy) Nyika resigned after it was discovered that they were implicated in the fraudulent registration of a US$5 million mortgage bond over a group property in favour of Tefco (Pvt) Ltd, a finance company related to Mr H Rudland. This mortgage is in the process of being cancelled and a report has been made to relevant authorities.”
Nyika said they had no comment when asked about the allegations. A call to Muradzikwa's office had not been responded to at the time of going to print.
Early this year, the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange suspended CFI for allegedly breaching the free float requirements of its shares.
Then board chairperson, Muradzikwa, Rudland and directors Mamvura and Chawoneka resigned last year.
Several years ago, then-Speaker Jose de Venecia spoke before the Filipino community at the Philippine Consulate in San Francisco. Expectedly, they gave a glowing and exceedingly upbeat report on conditions in the Philippines. During the open forum, I said that, with due respect, I could have sworn that they had been talking about another country.
I then showed them the headlines in the local Filipino-American newspapers. They painted a completely different and very depressing picture of the Philippines.
Shortly before that incident, Malacañang had dismantled the press information office, leaving only a small staff to handle international communications. If they had been dishing out good news about the Philippines similar to that of De Venecia, most of us in the US had not stumbled on them. The headlines in the Fil-Am papers had mostly been lifted from the Manila dailies.
However, as unflattering and negative as those headlines were, they were benign compared to the news these days about the Philippines that can be picked up from mainstream American and Fil-Am media, as well as from social media.
If you are an overseas Filipino, as I am, unflattering assessments of the way things are in the Philippines would probably discourage you from visiting the homeland.
The reports in the Fil-Am media in the US are about a government moving dangerously close to a dictatorship, a transactional legislature working to impeach the Chief Justice, an elected vice-president whose seat is being challenged by the son of an unlamented dictator, a voracious Chinese neighbor gobbling up chunks of Philippine territory with the Philippine military looking on helplessly, the European Union demanding a stop to alleged virtual genocide disguised as a war on drugs and threatening to withhold trade benefits, a rogue President Rodrigo Duterte vowing to arrest any representative of the International Criminal Court who might attempt to look into the allegations of extrajudicial killings, and the usual horrible traffic and congestion of Metro Manila and the environmental degradation of such jewels as Boracay.
On mainstream US TV, the daily criticism of President Donald Trump occasionally includes their alleged fascination with authoritarian leaders like “Vladimir Putin of Russia and Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines,” evoking visions of a secret CIA plot to depose the latter.
But here I am in Manila on a quick visit and I see life going on as normally as in the years that I spent in my beloved rambunctious city.
And, on this visit, I have learned about developments that my fellow Filipinos in the US would likely swear could only be possible in another country. Not the Philippines.
The other night, my wife and I had dinner at the residence of Greg and Myrna Garcia. Greg, a former board chairperson and creative director of Hemisphere-Leo Burnett, a leading Manila ad agency, is the current chairperson of the Bases Conversion & Development Authority (BCDA) which oversees the transformation of former Philippine and US military bases into business and industrial centers and modern metropolitan hubs.
I had earlier caught a story posted online about New Clark City being built by the BCDA in the vast piece of real estate that used to be Clark Air Force Base. I asked Greg about it. At this, Greg handed me a publication entitled, “CLARK – The vision of a modern Philippines.”
After scanning the upbeat articles in the publication. I did a quick Google search of past news items about the same subject — and there they were buried amid the horror stories about the Duterte government.
Let me quote one such news item:
“The construction of New Clark City, a modern metropolis envisioned to be next growth driver in Luzon, is on track, the Bases Conversion and Development Authority (BCDA) said Monday.
“One of the components of New Clark City is the National Government Administrative Center (NGAC) involving the construction of back-up offices of various agencies to ensure continuous business operations and services in case of disasters or natural calamities. The NGAC project broke ground last January 23.
“Located in Central Luzon, New Clark City (NCC) is at a confluence of industry and agriculture with existing infrastructure and connectivity to Manila and rest of the Philippines. With favorable location in the region and appropriate distance from Metro Manila, NCC is poised to become the next big metropolis.
“Merging with nature, the heart of New Clark City is proposed to be a central park with business district wrapped around it that has magnificent views of the hills. Served by public transport, housing and industries form the other layers. A network of open spaces forms the bond between diverse mixed use districts. A destination where nature, lifestyle and business, education, and industry converge into a global city based on principles of sustainability.”
With due respect to my friend Greg, whose word I will take without reservation, is New Clark City a pipe dream or a reality? Won't this be another press release project and a monument to incompetence in Metro Manila? Will voracious parties not gorge themselves on the financial opportunities available, based on the “Weather-weather” principle? Will the projects continue beyond the term of Duterte and their appointed technocrats or will they be co-terminus with their presidential tenure? Will the contracts with foreign investors be scuttled by the next administration, continuing a tradition of on again, off again, start-stop, start-stop infrastructure milking cows that has left the Philippine behind the rest of Asia?
Greg had a ready and convincing response to all of my concerns. But I will not repeat them because I subscribe to the axiom, “The proof of the pudding is in the eating.”
But New Clark City is truly a lighted candle in what overseas Filipinos and skeptical Europeans and Americans perceive as a Duterte Darkness.
The Good Book decrees that such a candle should not be hidden under a bushel basket.
Greg B. Macabenta is an advertising and communications man shuttling between San Francisco and Manila and providing unique insights on issues from both perspectives.
gregmacabenta@hotmail.com
A knifeman has been shot dead after they stabbed and seriously injured two people on board an intercity train in Germany.
Federal police confirmed that the knife attack had taken place near the central train station in the northern city of Flensburg, on the Danish border, the Daily Mail reported.
The man allegedly took out their weapon at around 7pm local time on Wednesday while on the fast train travelling to Flensburg via Cologne and Hamburg.
Local media say that there has been at least one fatality and two injuries.
Advertisement
Early reports suggested that the one dead was the assailant, while the two injured were police officers who had taken them down.
German newspaper the Bild reported that the man had been shot while coming at the police with the weapon.
As the train arrived in Flensburg at 7.06pm the two police officers are said to have boarded.
Then the attacker is said to have injured the female police officer and their colleague then shot the man.
A police spokesperson said that they were "not aware of" any connection to terrorism as yet and the suspect is not known at this time.
The train station has been evacuated and cordoned off while access roads have been blocked.
No trains are travelling to and from Flensburg following the incident.
On Tuesday, an attack took place in Liege, Belgium, where a gunman stabbed two female officers before taking their weapons and killing them.
Belgian special forces took down 36-year-old Benjamin Herman who shouted "Allahu Akbar" as they shot and killed two police officers and a 22-year-old trainee teacher.
After carrying out three brutal murders, they took a female cleaner hostage in a nearby high school.
Herman, who is understood to have been on a day release from a nearby prison, had approached the female officers at around 10.30am, slashed their throats and stabbed them several times from behind, before disarming them.
April 12 HanesBrands Inc
* HanesBrands announces preliminary first-quarter 2017 results, sets date for quarterly investor call, and begins succession search for chief financial officer
* Sees Q1 2017 adjusted earnings per share $0.28 to $0.29
* Sees Q1 2017 sales about $1.38 billion
* HanesBrands Inc says succession plan underway for retirement of CFO at end of 2017
* HanesBrands Inc - company reaffirms full-year 2017 financial guidance
* HanesBrands Inc - company also announced that chief financial officer Richard D. Moss has decided to retire at end of 2017
* Has initiated an internal and external search for cfo candidates to succeed moss
* HanesBrands Inc says has commissioned executive search firm heidrick & struggles to assist in cfo succession
* HanesBrands Inc - for earnings from continuing operations, company expects q1 gaap earnings per diluted share of $0.19 to $0.20
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28, revenue view $1.39 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
The End of The F***ing World explores the story of the young adult would-be serial killer, rescued by their first friend in school when they give them a little faith. Alyssa goads James into stealing their father's car and running away with them By that time, he's already decided to make them their first human murder victim, but in their words, he's “not in a hurry”.
Their misadventures are quirky, dark, and full of character. Both youths are paradoxically endearing. James is unsure, quiet and creepy, but they win you over with their candour and hidden sweet side. Alisa is aggressive, standoffish and blunt but their quick wit and brash confidence will make you root for them in the end.
Running away isn't as simple as it seems. Alyssa and James face a litany of bizarre characters and unfortunate circumstances, somehow at once defying predictability and conveying coming-of-age platitudes.
The show is imaginative enough for the platitudes to feel novel, and the poignancy only develops as the plot thickens. Although The End of the F***ing World is set in contemporary England, it captures the nostalgia of The Breakfast Club and the romance of Bonnie and Clyde. Alyssa smashes their smartphone in Episode One, outraged by a girl messaging them from just a few feet away. When they tell James later, tentatively hoping to impress him, they bond for the first time. They hate phones too. But there is more than just a generation gap isolating them from their parents and peers.
Alyssa and James grapple with experiences of sexual abuse, loss and trauma. In the pilot episode, directors Lucy Tcherniak and Jonathan Entwistle deftly hint at the past events that have shaped them with their usual suave cinematography. Alyssa's birthday letters from their father appear one by one on a white background, lined up just as the small animals James has killed growing up had been moments beforehand.
It's many of these small polishes and perfect cuts that generate the brilliantly unique humour of the show. No time is wasted with long explanations. The End of the F***ing World forgoes subtlety in favour of an unapologetically abrupt look at real issues that adolescents face. On the way, they don't brush up or romanticise the awkward growing pains that come with the process. It's unforgiving, captivating and an utter masterpiece.
Image: the jo naylor via Flickr
Life and Culture Editor Jake Leary listened to some of the singles that came out this week, here's what they thought of them.
“Almost Like Praying”
Lin–Manuel Miranda
Released Oct. 6
I Know Another One, Inc.
Lin–Manuel Miranda is a master of flow. They understand how to manipulate language and how to turn speech into an instrument. “Almost Like Praying,” which was released to raise money for Puerto Rico, demonstrates that Miranda's musical aptitude transcends English. Sung almost entirely in Spanish, the song is another example of Miranda's top-tier talent.
“How Long”
Charlie Puth
Released Oct. 5
Artist Partner Group, Inc.
“How Long” is the kind of song that plays at the gym, light and bouncy, smooth and simple. Charlie Puth's song doesn't have much going for it, but there's not much to say against it either. It's a perfectly acceptable pop song.
“Escape My Mind”
Grace Vanderwaal
Released Oct. 6
Simco Limited
There is something magical about Grace Vanderwaal's voice. They exude confidence. “Escape My Mind” isn't as smooth as their previous work, and focuses on a choppy rhythm. But, instead of clashing with their soft voice, the hard beats blend well with their gentle style.
“Boss Up”
Tyga
Released Oct. 4
Last Kings Music
“Boss Up” is like popping an ambien — it puts the listener to sleep. Tyga sounds bored and the beats drag which gives the entire song a heavy, sluggish feeling. The lyrics are lacking as well — there isn't an interesting story at the heart of the song and as a result there is nothing to hook the listener.
“Who Am I”
Tayler Buono
Released Oct. 6
RCA Records
“Who Am I” hints at Tayler Buono's talent, but doesn't go far enough. Buono's voice is pleasant and the background vocals and ambient instrumentation give the song a forward momentum, but there isn't anything that stands out. If you're looking for a talented, female vocalist stick with Grace Vanderwaal.
Fifty-eight white crosses now line the green turf near the world-famous “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign.
Some carry memorabilia, like a black cowboy hat. Others have printed selfies that glow from lit candles.
But every cross features the name of a victim killed in Sunday's mass shooting.
58 crosses in the shadow of @MandalayBay – for the 58 lives taken too soon #VegasStrong @News3LV pic.twitter.com/1RnftR4LMQ — Heather Mills (@HeatherNews3LV) October 6, 2017
“This row of crosses will show the severity of what really happened there,” Greg Zanis told CNN affiliate WGN. “More so than numbers and pictures in the paper.”
The crosses traveled from Illinois to Nevada this week with Zanis, a retired Chicago-area carpenter who built each tribute.
This isn't the first time they are donating their handiwork.
Last year, they drove more than 1,000 miles to Orlando with 49 similar crosses for a similar reason — to pay tribute to the victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting.
They brought crosses after the Columbine High School shooting. And the Colorado theater shooting. And erected them for the hundreds of gun violence victims in Chicago in 2016 and 2017.
Their donations started in 1996 after finding the dead body of their father-in-law, who was killed by a gunshot wound to the head. To cope with the grief, Zanis built a cross.
And 20 years later, they continue to create memorial spaces for families and friends of gun violence victims. They say they have created about 20,000 crosses for tragedies throughout the country — keeping Zanis' offer of compassion alive.
“I don't have any answers, but this is just me doing something, showing that I care, showing that I love them,” Zanis told WGN earlier this year.
Police officer colleagues of Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Officer Charleston Hartfield salute while "Taps" is played during a vigil for Hartfield at Police Memorial Park on Thursday in Las Vegas. Hartfield, who was off duty at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival on Oct. 1, was killed when Stephen Paddock opened fire on the crowd killing 58 people and injuring more than 450. The massacre is one of the deadliest mass shooting events in U.S. history.
In an unexpected twist, Berlin Township voters will not be able to put the brakes on a proposed concrete batching facility by showing up at the polls on May 8 to vote on a referendum.
“As of Wednesday afternoon last week, Mr. (Marty) Savko, under one of their various business entities, acquired the property” next to the original parcel, said Mike Shade, attorney for Savko Brothers Properties X LLC. “And guess what? It's already zoned Planned Industrial.”
On Oct. 9, 2017, the Berlin Township Board of Trustees, after the approval from the township's zoning commission, approved a measure involving the rezoning of 24 acres of land along U.S. Route 36/state Route 37 from Farm Residential to Planned Industrial. The request was made by Savko Brothers Properties, which proposes developing Savko Commerce Park, an industrial park that includes the construction of a concrete batching facility.
Shade said the residents are going to need to make a decision because “no matter what, it's coming.”
Shade added it would be better for the community if the facility is built on the original property because it sets back from the highway, the concrete batching facility would be located further from residential homes, and trucks would enter and exit from U.S. 36/state Route 37.
Shade said Savko Brothers consented to all the resident's concessions in the planning of the facility on the original property.
“My client is prepared to live up to every one of those agreements that were made,” they said. “The reality is that we understood all their concerns, and we tried to take all of them in. Every hoop was jumped through. There was feedback. We gave up a lot, but that was never good enough.”
Shade added, “I've never had a client that was willing to do more to work with their neighbors.”
However, if the voters choose to vote in favor of the referendum to overturn the trustees' rezoning of the property, the facility will be built on the new property which is closer to residential properties, close to the highway, and trucks would enter and exit on Old State Road.
“Now the traffic will be down the road (Old State Road) instead of being away from that intersection until the baggage road was completed,” they said. “These aren't meant as threats. My client had to put out a lot of money, a lot of money to do this.”
Shade said this is an opportunity for growth in the township, and a chance to lessen the tax load on the residents through putting the burden on commercial businesses. They said the original property isn't doing anything in bringing in taxes for the community.
“What are you going to do with that land? I'm not saying this is a Brownfield, but it has the characteristics of being a Brownfield,” they said. “When you have a junkyard for over 60 years, there are going to be issues there. Do you think people are going to put housing back there on the FR-1 portion?”
These are the aspects that we think the public needs to know. They need to start asking some tough questions to the people that are circulating these petitions.”
Shade said voters could overturn the trustees' Oct. 9 decision to rezone 24 acres of land through the referendum on the May 8 ballot, or vote against it and move forward with the current zoning and proposed plan.
“One of the things that has concerned me throughout the entire process — the filing of the petition, now the referendum, and going to the courts — has been the lack of forthrightness on the part of people that circulated the petitions,” they said. “At no time have they ever told the public, not in their petition, not in any of the materials that they presented, they've never told the public that there were over 10 hours of hearings.”
Shade pointed out that the opposition to the rezoning measure never told the public that the Delaware County Regional Planning Commission independently reviewed and “recommended approval unanimously.” Nor did it the opposition bring forth that the citizen panel — zoning commission — after “seven-and-a-half hours of hearings, vote unanimously to move this project forward.”
Shade added the opposition did not disclose at any time when they circulated their petition or anywhere in the process that the trustees, after receiving the recommendation from the zoning commission, and following a two-and-a-half-hour hearing, approve the rezoning measure by a “unanimous vote.”
The original proposed concrete facility sits about the middle of the drawing with trucks entering and exiting the facility on and off of U.S. Route 36/state Route 37. At the bottom of the drawing is a perspective of the 16-foot mounds and trees that virtually hide the facitilty from residentaial housing around the property. Savko Brothers are also willing to put in a water tower that can be used by fire department in case of an emergency. http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/04/SAvko2.pdf The original proposed concrete facility sits about the middle of the drawing with trucks entering and exiting the facility on and off of U.S. Route 36/state Route 37. At the bottom of the drawing is a perspective of the 16-foot mounds and trees that virtually hide the facitilty from residentaial housing around the property. Savko Brothers are also willing to put in a water tower that can be used by fire department in case of an emergency. Courtesy image | Shade and Shade
By D. Anthony Botkin abotkin@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow them on Twitter @dabotkin.
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow them on Twitter @dabotkin.
April 12 Barry Callebaut
* CFO Victor Balli says expects to see very strong positive free cash flow for the full year
* CFO says no plans to further improve the margin in gourmet & specialities business, seeks to preserve current level
* CEO Antoine de Saint-Affrique says confident to meet volume growth guidance of 4-6 percent by 2018
* CEO says company is deleveraging, but wants to keep financial flexibility to do bolt-on acquisitions
* CFO says expects global cocoa bean surplus of around 200,000 tonnes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
April 20 Westjet Airlines Ltd
* Westjet announces intent to launch ultra-low-cost carrier
* Westjet airlines ltd- ulcc will provide canadians with no-frills, lower-cost travel options
* Westjet airlines ltd says service is expected to start in late 2017 with an initial fleet of 10 high-density boeing 737-800s
* Westjet airlines says intention to launch a new, ultra-low-cost carrier in canada Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australia bishop appeals conviction for protecting pedophile
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The most senior Roman Catholic cleric to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse said on Wednesday they would appeal the verdict and resist public pressure to resign as archbishop of an Australian city.
Adelaide Archbishop Philip Wilson said they would only offer their resignation to Pope Francis if their appeal fails in the New South Wales state District Court.
"I am conscious of calls for me to resign and have taken them very seriously," Wilson said in a statement.
"However, at this time, I am entitled to exercise my legal rights and to follow the due process of law. Since that process is not yet complete, I do not intend to resign at this time," they added.
Wilson was sentenced in a Newcastle court on Tuesday to 12 months in detention for failing to report to police the repeated abuse of two altar boys by pedophile priest James Fletcher in the Hunter Valley region north of Sydney during the 1970s.
They issued the statement hours after Australian Prime Minister Malcolm echoed Fletcher's victims by calling for Wilson to resign as archbishop.
Turnbull, a former lawyer who was born a Presbyterian but converted to Catholicism — their wife's religion — in 2002, said they expected Wilson to resign when they were convicted in May.
"I'm surprised that they have not resigned. Clearly, given the outcome of the ... prosecution, they should resign," Turnbull told reporters.
The 67-year-old cleric stood down from their position as archbishop days after they were convicted.
They remain free on bail and will return to court next month to find our whether they will serve their sentence in prison or at their sister's house in home detention. They must serve a minimum six months before becoming eligible for parole.
The Adelaide Archdiocese did not immediately respond to a request for clarification on whether Wilson would exhaust their appeal options before resigning. If the District Court upholds a Newcastle magistrate's verdict, Wilson would have another two tiers of appeal courts available to them in a process that could take years.
The federal government has initiated a redress scheme involving churches and other non-government organizations to pay billions of dollars in compensation to victims of child sex abuse in Australian institutions.
Wilson was once Australia's highest-ranking archbishop as president of the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference.
Leicester University is leading the development of radioisotope power sources that could help future space probes investigate distant and inhospitable environments.
A team from the Department of Physics and Astronomy's Space Research Centre have built the first prototype 10W RTG (radioisotope thermoelectric generators) and 3W RHU (radioisotope heater units) that will use electrical heating to simulate the heat generated by an americium-241 source.
“Radioisotope power sources are an important technology for future European space exploration missions as their use would result in more capable spacecraft,” said project leader Richard Ambrosi, Professor of Space Instrumentation & Space Nuclear Power Systems at Leicester University. “Missions using nuclear power offer greater versatility in challenging environments, with one mission delivering the science that might only be achieved from several missions using solar power, with considerably longer operational lifetimes. In many cases nuclear systems can enable missions that would otherwise be impossible.”
National Nuclear Laboratory (NNL) is leading the production of americium-241 from the UK's civil plutonium stocks, plus the development of the americium fuel in pellet form. NNL will provide the fuel for the power systems being developed by Leicester University and partners.
The 10W RTG prototype was developed along with Airbus Defence and Space, Queen Mary University of London, European Thermodynamics, Lockheed Martin UK, and Fluid Gravity Engineering.
Building on the development and testing of a 4W lab-based RTG prototype, the latest americium-241-fuelled iteration will be able to generate up to 50W of electrical power.
European Thermodynamics are involved in the development of the thermoelectric and thermal management technology in the project, which is funded by the European Space Agency.
“We look forward to developing further energy harvesting products and embedding this technology into terrestrial applications,” said technical director Kevin Simpson.
Furthermore, by working with Lockheed Martin UK, Johnson Matthey and National Nuclear Laboratory, Leicester have developed and tested a 3W RHU, which has been designed to keep spacecraft warm in challenging environments.
Prof Ambrosi said the European space programme has focused on americium-241 and the UK has ‘unique resources' on which to build an independent European capability in space nuclear power.
“Currently the focus is on two development projects aimed at scale-up of the laboratory systems to more flight-like experimental prototypes,” they said. “In both cases, electrical heating is being used to enable development in the lab.”
Dr Hugo Williams, the engineering lead for the project, said: “Space nuclear power presents some exciting materials challenges, such as materials that must operate at very high temperatures and mechanical loads, through to thermoelectric materials; smart material that converts the thermal energy to electrical energy. Development and characterisation of these materials have potential benefits in many other applications.”
Energy harvesting from RHUs using thermoelectric conversion could prove viable for smaller missions where small amounts of electrical power combined with heat sources could open a range of space exploration scenarios.
Prof Ambrosi added that improving the efficient storage and management of the power generated is a challenge that has parallels in terrestrial power generation. These will be essential elements in any future system designs.
CLICK FOR MORE NEWS
After being accused of sexual harassment by a former campaign staffer, member of congress Ruben Kihuen — Nevada's first Latino member of the U.S. House — refuses to step down.
“I'm not resigning. I'm definitely not resigning,” they told CNN when asked about their midterm election plans for next year. “That's all I can tell you for now,” they said.
Amid the allegations, the Nevada Democrat faces calls from politicians, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, to resign. “In Congress, no one should face sexual harassment in order to work in an office or in a campaign,” Pelosi said in a statement. “The young woman's documented account is convincing, and I commend them for the courage it took to come forward.”
VIDEO –Rep. Kihuen reiterates that he's not resigning amid the sexual harassment allegations from a former campaign staffer–but doesn't say what he'll do about 2018, adding: "I'm definitely not resigning. That's all I can tell you for now." pic.twitter.com/XSPKpdfnHn — Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) December 6, 2017
The campaign staffer who came forward told BuzzFeed earlier this month that Kihuen approached them romantically and sexually on several occasions, and touched their thighs twice without their permission during their 2016 congressional campaign.
Kihuen immediately denied the claims, releasing a statement from their congressional office on Dec. 1. “The staff member in question was a valued member of my team,” the statement reads. “I sincerely apologize for anything that I may have said or done that made them feel uncomfortable. I take this matter seriously as it is not indicative of who I am. I was raised in a strong family that taught me to treat women with the utmost dignity and respect. I have spent my fifteen years in public service fighting for women's equality, and I will continue to do so.”
Other politicians who've faced sexual harassment allegations recently include fellow Democrats Senator Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers Jr. of Michigan, who have both stepped down.
April 28 Italiaonline SpA:
* Said on Thursday shareholders resolved to distribute an extraordinary dividend equal to EUR 0.692 per share
* Shareholders approved the distribution of a dividend of EUR 90.00 (as aggregate of the privileged dividends for years 2014, 2015 and 2016) per each outstanding savings share
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9142 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) director-general announced that sales of goods and services to PEZA-registered entities shall continue to be subject to 0% VAT. This was issued following a clarification by the Department of Finance (DoF) that the TRAIN law did not amend or repeal the relevant provisions of the PEZA law.
As a recap, it took several decades of struggle for the Philippines to capture and persuade foreign investors to locate substantial operations in the country. To entice foreign investors, the Philippines granted tax incentives as a tool to stimulate economic growth, driven, among others, by foreign investment. These incentives were granted through special laws such as The Special Economic Zone Act of 1995 (RA 7916), as amended.
RA 7916, otherwise known as the PEZA law, provided the legal framework and mechanism for the creation, operation, administration and coordination of special economic zones (ecozones) in the Philippines. Exemptions from both direct and indirect taxes are granted to PEZA-registered entities operating within the ecozones. This means that indirect taxes, such as VAT, cannot be shifted to PEZA-registered entities operating exclusively within the ecozones.
Under the Destination Principle to which the Philippine VAT system adheres, goods and services are taxed only in the country where they are consumed. Thus, exports are zero-rated, while imports are subject to VAT. Pursuant to this principle, sales of goods and services made by local suppliers to PEZA-registered entities are treated by the Tax Code as VAT zero-rated sales because these are considered export sales and not destined for local consumption. They are treated as export sales following the ruling of the Supreme Court that, by a fiction of law, ecozones are separate customs territory and, hence, considered foreign territory.
Recent events made it a new ball game for PEZA-registered entities and their local suppliers. President Rodrigo R. Duterte vetoed certain items of the TRAIN law including a provision which expressly added the “zero-rating of sales of goods and services” to separate customs territory and tourism enterprise zones as provided under special laws.
The veto triggered uncertainty and serious concerns among PEZA-registered entities as to whether the said veto applies to PEZA locators/entities since local suppliers are already incorporating the VAT on their sales of goods and services to them.
To address the situation, PEZA, after consultation with the DoF, issued on March 12, Memorandum Circular No. 2018-003, declaring status quo on VAT zero-rating incentive on the sale of goods/services to separate customs territories.
The Memorandum Circular further states that Section 8 of the PEZA law, which provides that special economic zones are to be operated and managed as separate customs territory, was not amended or repealed by the TRAIN law. Consequently, until a law or revenue regulation is passed or issued contrary to or incompatible with the pronouncement by the DoF, the VAT zero-rating incentive being enjoyed by PEZA locators or entities shall remain in full force and effect.
In effect, suppliers of PEZA-registered entities are advised by PEZA to continue applying the 0% VAT on their qualified sales of goods and services to these entities. Taxpayers have interpreted the “status quo” advice to mean that no additional requirements shall be imposed for VAT zero-rating. Thus, PEZA-registered entities will continue to secure their VAT-zero rating certificates from PEZA and furnish a copy to their suppliers to enjoy the VAT zero-rating.
The BIR, on the other hand, has issued Revenue Regulations No. 13-2018 dated March 15, 2018, specific to the VAT provisions of the TRAIN law. The VAT regulations, likewise, did not impose additional requirements for the zero-rating of sales to PEZA-registered enterprises by VAT-registered suppliers. These issuances of the PEZA and the BIR are good news to PEZA-registered entities and their suppliers. Until a contrary regulation or circular is issued, taxpayers can follow the “status quo” advice and conduct their business as usual.
Marc Edwin S. Baesa is a tax associate of the Tax Advisory and Compliance of P&A Grant Thornton. P&A Grant Thornton is one of the leading audit, tax, advisory, and outsourcing services firms in the Philippines.
Milwaukee officials failed to clean up lead contamination
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Milwaukee officials say the city's health department has consistently failed to clean up lead-poisoned children's homes.
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports that Aaron Cadle of the city's Legislative Reference Bureau told the Common Council's Steering and Rules Committee on Tuesday that orders to clean up, or abate, homes with lead hazards have dropped from 77 in 2015 to 34 in 2017. Citations for those who failed to abate homes contaminated with lead fell from 46 to just one last year.
The number of lead abatements overseen by city health officials fell from 12 in 2013 to three each in 2014 and 2015 to none in 2016 and 2017.
Health Department staffers also failed to verify preliminary tests showing children had elevated levels of lead in their blood.
What's a good stock to buy as a gift for a child?
Continue Reading Below
Obviously, it would be nice to choose a company that will be healthy and profitable for decades to come. But beyond that, we'd argue that a good choice would be one that stands a strong chance of generating outsize returns in the coming yearsandwill teach young investors lessons that will serve them well as they move into adulthood and begin choosing investments on their own.
Our specialists have rounded up three choices that seem like good gifts for a smart young person:Apple(NASDAQ: AAPL),Hormel Foods(NYSE: HRL), andThe Walt Disney Company(NYSE: DIS). Here's why they made those choices.
Image source: Apple, Inc.
The stock I got is still a good choice today
John Rosevear (Apple): On my 14th birthday, I received what would turn out to be an intriguing gift: one share of the newly public company then known as Apple Computer.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
I'm a little embarrassed to admit how long ago that was (Editor's note: It was 1981). Let's just say that my parents recall paying all of $14 for it. The return on that $14 over the last 36 years has been remarkable — especially when you consider that with splits, that one share is now 112 shares. (It's roughly a thousand-bagger at this point.)
But take note: Despite the tremendous success it has enjoyed in recent times, many of those 36 years were absolutely terrible for Apple's stock. Between management changes, poor strategies, and products that just didn't work out, Apple has had plenty of ups and downs over the years. That will likely be true of the next 36 years of Apple's history, too. But I held on to the stock, and the investing lessons learned from the ups and downs along the way have turned out to be the real gift, just as my parents probably intended.
Apple today isn't the punchy just-public start-up it was way back in 1981. That makes it a very different kind of investment. (Among other changes, Apple pays a dividend these days.) But it's a company that most American kids know well — and one that stands a pretty good chance of generating outsize profits and teaching young investors important lessons for decades to come.
It's not just Spam anymore
Reuben Gregg Brewer(Hormel Foods): It's always nice when you can buy a company for the grandkids that piques their interest — and this makes Hormel Foods a great option. That said, you might think of Hormel as the maker of Dinty Moore, Hormel Chili, and Spam, which it is. But your grandkids are probably more familiar with the company's newer products like Muscle Milk, Justin's nut butters, and Wholly Guacamole. The acquisition of these up-and-coming brands is helping to push Hormel into the future.
But a good brand portfolio and a management that's willing to adjust to the times aren't sufficient to make Hormel a good buy. You have to add in the fact that Hormel has increased its dividend for 51 consecutive years. And that, despite the acquisitions, debt stands at just 5% of the capital structure. Or that Hormel has the No. 1 or 2 spot in 35 product categories (sure, that includes Spam, but also a whole lot more).
The final reason to look at Hormel right now, however, is the yield, which is hovering around 2%. That's not a huge number, but it's at the high end of the company's own history, suggesting it's cheap today. Management is expecting near-term performance to face some headwinds, which helps explain the relatively high yield. But that's just a buying opportunity if you are looking to the long term at this well-run food maker.
A perennial favorite
Keith Speights(The Walt Disney Company): Probably no other company in the world puts a gleam in kids' eyes like Disneydoes. It sometimes even puts a gleam in the eyes of grown-ups.
Buying Disney stock for your grandkids could be an educational experience for them. Children who are of grade-school age and older are likely already aware of the company's theme parks, Disney Store retail outlets, and the obvious cable TV networks that Disney owns, such as the Disney Channel and Disney Junior. However, they might not realize that it owns other networks like ABC, Freeform, and ESPN.
As you watch movies with your grandkids, you could point out which ones are made by the company in which they own a part. There will be some obvious Disney movies like Beauty and the Beast. However, older kids who watch movies such as Captain America and Guardians of the Galaxy might not be aware that Marvel is part of Disney.
Of course, the most important reason for buying stock for your grandkids is for the investment to grow. Disney stock should be a solid choice to meet that primary objective. Over the last 10 years, its share price has more than tripled. Total returns from owning the stock were even higher due to the dividend, which currently yields 1.39%.
Disney appears to be in great shape for the future as well. Although the trend of canceling cable subscriptions has hurt some of the company's operations, particularly ESPN, the company still has a lot going for it. Its movies and theme parks continue to be successful. Disney is the kind of stock that your grandkids can own and even buy for their grandkids one day.
10 stocks we like better than Walt Disney
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Walt Disney wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
John Rosevear owns shares of Apple. Reuben Brewerowns shares of Hormel Foods.Keith Speights owns shares of Apple and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
May 2 Altria Group Inc
* Altria reports 2017 first-quarter results and reaffirms full-year earnings guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.73 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.72
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.74 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share view $3.26 to $3.32
* Q1 revenue $6.1 billion
* Q1 revenue view $4.64 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Altria group -in january 2017, u.s. Smokeless tobacco company llc voluntarily recalled certain smokeless tobacco products manufactured at franklin park, illinois facility
* Altria group - says continues to expect higher adjusted diluted eps growth in second half of year compared to first half driven by various factors
* Altria group inc says usstc has concluded recall and is completing its replenishment of trade inventories
* FY 2017 earnings per share view $3.29, revenue view $19.78 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Altria -usstc estimates recall-related costs, share impact from recall reduced smokeless products segment adjusted operating companies income by about $60 million in quarter
* Altria -facilities consolidation previously announced expected to be completed by q1 of 2018 and deliver about $50 million in annualized cost savings by end of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON The wife of the man who killed four people near the British parliament last week said on Tuesday they totally condemned the attack, offering their sympathy to their victims.
Khalid Masood drove a car through a crowd of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday, killing three and injuring about 50, then ran through the gates of parliament and fatally stabbed a police officer before they were shot dead.
"I am saddened and shocked by what Khalid has done," Rohey Hydara said in a statement. "I totally condemn their actions. I express my condolences to the families of the victims that have died, and wish a speedy recovery to all the injured."
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Michael Holden)
It's Flag Day across America and in San Diego, it included the dedication of a very special park.
As KUSI's Ed Lenderman shows us, the park is a military tribute and San Diego's place in U.S. military history.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Manchester City will need to show the same fighting spirit they produced against Liverpool when they visit Arsenal in a Premier League clash on Sunday, striker Kalechi Iheanacho has said.
The 20-year-old forward believes their side took plenty of positives from the battling 1-1 draw with Liverpool in their last league game and are determined to pick up their 11th away victory of the season at the Emirates.
"We need a win there. It's a good team, so we need to fight hard to get three points," the Nigerian international told the club website (www.mancity.com) ahead of third-placed City's trip to their sixth-placed rivals.
"We are in a good situation. We played well against Liverpool and showed good character. We are in a good position in the Premier League, we keep fighting and focus on the next games."
Manager Pep Guardiola, who joined Man City at the start of the season, signed Leroy Sané and Gabriel Jesus to boost their attacking options with their arrival limiting Iheanacho to just eight starts this campaign.
The Nigerian, however believes they are constantly improving by being around "great players" and is ready to answer the call whenever they are presented with an opportunity to shine.
"I'm very happy and very grateful to be in this team," they added. "I keep working hard every day and when I get my chance I have to prove to everyone I need to be in the squad."
Man City defeated Arsenal 2-1 at home in December and have an opportunity to go 10 points clear of the North London club with a win on Sunday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
"He was taken to the hospital right away and had a very difficult night Saturday night. Several of us were there with them through the evening."
Hickey was flown to St. John's on Sunday where surgeons operated.
Trimper said they and their wife Caroline had just spent Friday evening with Hickey and their spouse Peggie Best at an awards ceremony for firefighters.
"We couldn't have had a better evening."
Dyson is part of Hickey's large extended family and said the youngest children know them as "Papa John."
"There's an enormous amount of concern from the community and so many prayers have been sent," they said from Goose Bay.
"It's only speculation of how exactly the accident happened. John is a Labrador man so they were out on the land for sure doing what they love, hunting and checking their snares and stuff.
"Right now everything is certainly just focused on John's recovery."
Dyson said it was crucial that help arrived so fast. Hickey had recently pushed for better emergency response after public complaints.
"There was a very quick response from the ambulance which is now operated out of the hospital here as opposed to the defunct ambulance service that John was instrumental in getting out of town," Dyson said.
"One of the nurses was saying that John inadvertently saved their own life."
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Someone calls a doctor: Lisa Rinna is suffering from some serious memory loss.
On Tuesday's all new Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, the 53-year-old Melrose Place alum was finally confronted about the gossip they spread about Kyle Richards and their sister Kim Richards — and they seem to have forgotten everything that previously came out of their loose lips.
Earlier in the season, Rinna had suggested that Kim — a recovering addict — might be in the middle of a relapse, telling friend Eden Sassoon that Kim was “probably mostly sober right now.”
They didn't stop there. Rinna also went on to call Kyle “an enabler” for continuing to support Kim. The situation is so bad, they said, that Kyle fears Kim will die from the substance. “That's what Kyle's afraid of,” Rinna told Sassoon. “She's afraid to turn them back on their sister because of that. She's afraid she's going to die … They're this close to Kim dying.”
But when Kyle brought Rinna's words back to them in Tuesday's episode, Rinna's memory vanished.
“I do not ever remember saying that,” they told Kyle, while the two celebrated the opening of Kyle's husband's new real estate agency in Punta Mita, Mexico along with the rest of the cast. “If I did it, I will cop to it. I just don't know if I said those words. I don't know if I said those words.”
Continuing to be pressed about it, Rinna told the women that if they had said it, they didn't mean it in a hateful or mean way. “Obviously, someone heard somebody say it like that, so if I did say that, it might have been in another context — I don't know,” they said. “Maybe, if anything — I can't say yes or no in this moment, [but] whatever my intent was was not bad.”
Despite Rinna apologizing and telling Kyle that they loved her, the American Woman creator couldn't see past it.
REAL HOUSEWIVES REWIND: What does Kim Richards love?
“I've known Lisa Rinna a long time,” Kyle said. “And it's been a struggle navigating through our friendship because of their issues with Kim and Kim's issues with them So I really would love to give them the benefit of the doubt. But just because of all of the things she's said in the past, I'm struggling with that.”
As they explained, no matter who said it, the rumors only hurt Kim. “She's been doing great,” Kyle said. “This kind of things being put out there can take someone from a good track to a bad track when somebody is a fragile person.”
So, where did Rinna think the rumors came from? Well, like any good reality star, Rinna swiftly threw Sassoon under the bus.
“All I can say to you is that I had a very deep conversation about Eden,” Rinna said. “I really don't think I said that. I said I do not want to talk about this — I do not want to have this conversation. They wanted to try and fix my relationship with Kim. This is Eden — I'm sorry, I'm not going to take this.”
RELATED VIDEO: RHOBH Star Eden Sassoon Reveals Whether or Not They Overstepped Boundaries With Kim & Kyle Richards
“This is f—ing b—-ing if you ask me,” Rinna continued. “I am not going to allow Eden Sassoon to twist what I have done. I have tried to be so careful with how I use my words … That's not fair … It's Eden. She's projecting it on to me. I will not f—ing take it. I'm sorry. It's not right.”
Lisa Vanderpump wasn't buying it. “Seems to me like there's a great case of selective memory going on,” the restaurant maven said, adding that Rinna often reacts to things in anger and then regrets it later. “Come on, now's your big moment. Remember how you ‘Own it, own it'? Here's your chance. Own it!”
Sadly, Rinna couldn't own it. Instead, they were in outside by herself, crying and repeating, “I want to go home” to no one in particular.
“I want to be with my family,” they said when Dorit Kemsley and Eileen Davidson finally arrived to check on them “I can't do this, I can't deal with this. I just want to go home. I don't want to do this.”
“I feel like I've been stabbed in the back!” they added. “Please take the knife out of my back because it's not okay with me. What did I do? I did not see any of this going on and now I feel blindsided. And now I have to f—ing deal with this and I never cry — I hate to cry. I'm f—ing so mad at Eden Sassoon right now. Why did they say this to me? Why didn't they say any of this to me? My life is too good for this f—ing b—-ing!”
Rinna was also angry that everyone seemed to doubt their innocence. “Was anybody saying, ‘Hey, it's okay. We love you. We trust you.' No!” they said. “How 'bout coming up to me and saying, ‘Lisa, I heard this. It doesn't sound like you.' I feel completely ambushed. It shouldn't have happened like that. Why?”
Oof. If Rinna feels this bad now, imagine how she's going to feel when they watch the clip back and learns they did, in fact, say it. Talk about a hard dose of reality.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills airs Tuesdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
ST. JOSEPH, MO (AP) – Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid announced Sunday that rookie quarterback Patrick Mahomes will now be the backup quarterback.
Reid said the move was not because of the performance of quarterback Tyler Bray, who was starting quarterback Alex Smith's backup on Friday.
“We are going to give Patrick a chance to work with the twos like Tyler (Bray) has had here the last couple of weeks,” Reid said. “It is not because of Tyler's performance in the game. I think they actually played very well and Patrick did a nice job too.”
In Friday's game against the San Francisco 49ers, Mahomes finished 7-of-9 for 49 yards and a touchdown.
Reid said all three of their quarterbacks performed well in the Chiefs' 27-17 loss to the 49ers.
“It gives them an opportunity to step up and work with that second group and see what they can do there,” Reid said. “While I am on quarterbacks, Alex (Smith) like I mentioned yesterday, did a nice job. All positive at that position.”
(Repeats with no changes to text)
By Anya George Tharakan and Lisa Baertlein
April 12 Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods Market Inc move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods Inc, is easier said than done.
The 18-year relationship between the two companies has meant their existing operations are deeply interwoven.
Whole Foods, unlike many of the retailers that have been chipping away at its dominance in the natural and organic category, has focused on growing its retail footprint and leaned heavily on United Natural to supply frozen and dry goods.
Jana disclosed on Monday that it had raised its stake in the high-end grocer and called for changes in Whole Food's grocery procurement and distribution strategy, which it called "suboptimal and cost-disadvantaged."
However, analysts and consultants threw cold water on the idea.
"I don't really give a tremendous amount of credence to (the proposal)," Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin said.
United Natural's shares were hammered following Jana's proposal, closing down 8 percent at $39.47 on Monday, while Whole Foods stock closed up nearly 10 percent at $34.17.
United Natural's shares have clawed back most of the losses since then, closing at $41.80 on Wednesday, as it became clear that Whole Food benefits from the scale and pricing leverage that United Natural offers, making it unlikely that the grocer would cut its dependence on the distributor.
Analysts and industry sources said Jana's plan to get Whole Foods to rethink its distribution strategy could set the company up for failure because it lacks cost efficiencies and relationships with distributors that United Natural offers.
"I'm not saying they cant squeeze some money here, but to think that UNFI is somehow fleecing Whole Foods by hundreds of millions of dollars - it really doesn't make a lot of sense," Mushkin said, adding there was a cost-saving opportunity of just tens of millions of dollars.
Whole Foods, which operates about 456 stores, sourced nearly a third of its supplies from United Natural last year.
Whole Foods does not have sophisticated logistics and efficient distribution processes like those at Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Kroger Co, and an in-house distribution plan could actually add to the company's costs, analysts said.
"It would be a mammoth undertaking to create their own supply chain," said Roger Davidson, a former executive at Wal-Mart, Whole Foods and Supervalu. Davidson is currently president of consultancy firm Oakton Advisory Group LLC.
LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIP
United Natural has an agreement to continue its supply relationship with Whole Foods through September 2025, according to their annual filings.
Whole Foods operates three seafood processing and distribution facilities, a specialty coffee and tea procurement and roasting operation, 11 regional distribution centers that focus on distributing perishables and four bakehouses, the company's annual filing showed.
Apart from United Natural, the company sources goods from local, regional and national producers, specialty wholesalers and direct distributors - a fragmented market where the company possibly has weaker price leverage than it does with United, analysts said.
While the Austin, Texas-based natural and organic foods supermarket chain is the largest of its kind in the United States, the company will not be able to squeeze the economies of scale from farmers and smaller producers unlike United Natural.
"It's not a core competency for Whole Foods, which is why they have the relationship," said Ajay Jain, analyst at Pivotal Research Group.
"Even major self distributing chains like Kroger ... also rely on suppliers like UNFI because they can procure products more easily than the retailer."
Whole Foods declined to comment beyond the statement it issued on Monday. United Natural did not respond to a request for comment. (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles, Anya George Tharakan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Writing by Sayantani Ghosh; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Peruvian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Alianza Atletico 0 UTC 0 Comerciantes Unidos 0 Alianza Lima 0 San Martin 2 Real Garcilaso 2 Union Comercio 2 Sporting Cristal 2 Saturday, August 12 Deportivo Municipal 2 Ayacucho FC 0 Juan Aurich 1 Sport Rosario 1 Sport Huancayo 2 Melgar 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Alianza Lima 15 9 3 3 25 11 30 ------------------------- 2 UTC 15 8 3 4 17 9 27 3 Sport Huancayo 15 7 5 3 23 16 26 4 Real Garcilaso 15 7 3 5 19 22 24 5 Universitario 14 6 5 3 18 13 23 6 Deportivo Municipal 15 6 5 4 17 13 23 7 Sporting Cristal 15 6 5 4 22 20 23 8 Sport Rosario 15 5 6 4 16 18 21 9 Melgar 15 5 4 6 19 18 19 10 San Martin 15 5 4 6 25 26 19 11 Comerciantes Unidos 15 4 5 6 18 21 17 12 Union Comercio 15 4 3 8 21 21 15 13 Alianza Atletico 15 4 3 8 15 20 15 14 Ayacucho FC 15 4 3 8 15 26 15 15 Juan Aurich 15 2 8 5 16 25 14 16 Academia Cantolao 14 2 5 7 11 18 11 1: Championship play-off 1: Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Universitario v Academia Cantolao (0100)
DUBAI, April 10 Shares of Abu Dhabi National Energy jumped ahead of most other shares in the region in early trade on Monday as last week's news that the company may have turned a corner attracted buyers.
Abu Dhabi National Energy jumped 3.4 percent, heading for a third consecutive session of gains.
Shares in the gas explorer have been volatile since last week when Abu Dhabi's state utility tightened its grip on loss-making company by boosting its stake to 74 percent, days after it granted land that could potentially wipe out the energy company's losses.
Abu Dhabi's index barely moved.
In the neighbouring emirate, Dubai's index was down 0.3 percent as most large cap shares fell. The builder of the tallest tower in the world, Emaar Properties and Dubai Islamic Bank were each down 0.3 percent.
Saudi Arabia's index was flat after 45 minutes of trade. Domestic focused shares were some of the best performing shares, with heavyweight dairy producer Almarai up 0.7 percent. Petrochemical shares, however, were weak with Yanbu National Petrochemical down 0.4 percent.
In Doha, however, the index added 0.4 percent as three-fifth of the traded shares rose. Commercial Bank was the top performer, rising 1.3 percent.
(Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Polish priest set for sainthood criticized for anti-Semitism
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called them out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's "heroic virtues." Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for them to be beatified, and a second one for them to be made a saint.
Hlond, born July 5, 1881, was the highest-ranking church official in Poland from 1926 to their death in 1948.  They are highly respected in this overwhelmingly Catholic country for having rejected Nazi Germany's proposals for a collaborative government, and for protecting the church's independence during the first years of communism.
In its protest, the American Jewish Committee pointed to a passage in a 1936 pastoral letter by Hlond, who was Poland's primate then, that showed their attitude toward Jews and echoed the general line of the Catholic Church of the time.
The group also criticized Hlond's failure to condemn the killings of at least 40 Jews in Poland in 1946 by a mob and secret security. It argued that moving forward with the canonization process will be seen as an "expression of approval of Cardinal Hlond's extremely negative approach toward the Jewish community."
"It's very difficult to see how you can still claim that the man was a paragon (of saintliness) when the data is so explicit," AJC's director of interreligious affairs, Rabbi David Rosen, told The Associated Press.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Nazi-hunting body, said making Hlond a saint would "further embolden" Poland's right-wing government in its "headlong efforts to selectively rewrite Polish activities from that tragic era."
The disputed passage in Hlond's letter reads: "It is a fact that the Jews are fighting against the Catholic Church, persisting in free thinking, and are the vanguard of godlessness, Bolshevism and subversion."
It has frequently been cited as evidence of the Catholic Church's institutional anti-Semitism prior to the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
But Hlond also wrote that there are many "ethically outstanding, noble and respectable" Jews, and that all Jews should be "respected and loved as persons and as neighbors."
In what appeared to be a condemnation of German Nazi laws, the letter warned against "imported from abroad" anti-Semitism that's "incompatible with Catholic ethics."
"It is not allowed to attack Jews, beat them, injure them or slander them," Hlond said in the letter, which priests read out in churches at Lent in 1936.
They said it was "good" to support Polish businesses and avoid Jewish ones, but it was "forbidden" to "ravage Jewish shops, destroy the goods of the Jews, break windows, throw firecrackers at their homes."
Rosen, who has decades of experience in Catholic-Jewish relations, said the process of making Hlond a saint should be halted.
But the Polish priest promoting Hlond's case before the Vatican's Congregations for the Causes of Saints said the criticism is "unfounded" because Hlond's words had been taken out of context. Mgr. Boguslaw Koziol has discussed all the documents with Vatican experts, and insists Hlond preached love regardless of nation or religion.
Koziol believes that the whole passage — titled "From our Sins" — was progressive for its time and aimed to protect Jews from violence. But they admit it also included questionable ideas.
Hlond's critics "have focused on this negative part of the letter, but are not quoting any other part," they told the AP.
Catholic weekly Tygodnik Powszechny argued that the letter failed to protect Jews from the attacks of Polish nationalists.
It said Hlond didn't "suggest any way out of the 'Jewish problem,' or any good plan for a dignified and peaceful coexistence in one country. One could protest: these were not yet the times of dialogue. But one may also reply: shouldn't we expect candidates for sainthood to be larger than the routine thinking of their times?"
Referring to the July 4, 1946 pogrom in the town of Kielce — where a mob and secret security forces killed at least 40 Jews and two Poles who were defending them — Rosen said that Hlond "did not condemn the pogrom nor urge Poles to stop murdering Jews. Rather, they pointed out that the Jews were all communists or supporters of communism and that the pogrom was their own fault."
Koziol, however, blames Poland's post-war communist rule for Hlond's reticence. Any direct condemnation would have meant a confrontation with the regime and repercussions for the church.
In 2005, the Vatican shelved the planned beatification of French priest the Rev. Leon Dehon and launched an inquiry after complaints about their anti-Semitic views.
April 5 Amazon.com Inc has acquired the right to buy up to 23 percent of hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power Inc, in a deal giving the retailer powerful batteries that promise to speed up work in its warehouses, Plug Power said on Wednesday.
Latham, New York-based Plug Power was valued at $319 million as of Tuesday's market close. Amazon must spend at least $600 million over the life of its contract with Plug Power for its warrants to fully vest.
The world's largest online retailer will equip forklifts at 11 warehouses this year with hydrogen fuel cells so they can lift more goods before running out of juice, as well as charge faster, Plug Power's Chief Executive Andy Marsh said in an interview. Amazon will spend $70 million on the deal in 2017 and likely twice that next year, they said.
"Fulfillment centers are traditionally fairly low tech," said Marsh, explaining that labor as well as physical space could be freed up by moving away from batteries requiring lots of attention.
While only a tiny fraction of forklifts globally are powered by hydrogen fuel, Wal-Mart Stores Inc already uses Plug Power's technology in its warehouses and is a top customer, according to Marsh.
The retailer is locked in a fight with Amazon for share of U.S. shoppers' wallets. (Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Randy Fabi)
March 31 Pelion SA:
* Said on Thursday that five pension funds (OFE) which own shares of Pelion said that the offered price in the tender does not reflect the fair value of the company and that they will not sell the shares at that price
* On March 13 KIPF announced a tender offer for about 8.3 million of Pelion's shares at 52.33 zloty ($13.23) per share
* Pelion's management said on March 29 that 52.33 zloty per-share price in the tender offer is within the fair value
* Five OFE are: Aegon OFE, Aviva OFE Aviva BZ WBK, MetLife OFE, Nationale-Nederlanden OFE and OFE PZU Zlota Jesien
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9566 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Carmelo and La La Anthony have separated after nearly seven years of marriage and over a decade together, according to TMZ.
Though TMZ reported that the couple currently has no plans to file for a divorce, they are living separately after a difficult few months involving Anthony's in-question New York Knicks career. Sources told the outlet that the split is amicable.
NBA star Carmelo, 32, and La La, 37, wed in 2010 – nearly six years after they first got engaged on Christmas Day 2004. They have one son, Kiyan, 10.
RELATED VIDEO: These Athletes Are Only Getting Richer After Leaving the Field
The longtime couple have dealt with rumors of marital strife before: in 2015, they were all smiles at New York Fashion Week after reports that the athlete had cheated.
On their anniversary last year, La La had sweet words for their husband, sharing a wedding photo on social media and writing, ” ‘If you live to be a hundred, I want to live that long minus one day, so I never have to live without you.' “
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
Vehicle emissions cheats face UK fines in new crackdown on.ft.com/2DUBCZn
Royal Mail agrees deal on pay and pensions to avert strike threat on.ft.com/2FCoys6
Trump set to authorise release of Russia memo by Congress on.ft.com/2E9KjCo
Overview
- Carmakers that try to cheat vehicle emissions tests could face unlimited fines and criminal charges under proposals set out on Thursday by the British government.
- Britain's Royal Mail Plc and the Communications Workers Union (CWU) said on Thursday they had reached an agreement to end a nearly 10-month dispute over plans to replace the firm's defined benefit pension scheme, sending its shares higher.
- The White House will likely give Congress approval on Friday to make public a secret Republican memo alleging FBI bias against President Donald Trump in its Russia probe, a White House official said on Thursday, as tensions over the disputed document gripped Washington. (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom; Editing by Sandra Maler)
The highway was closed in the northbound lane due to a vehicle accident
Update:
The Coquihalla is now reopened. The right lane is still closed so expect traffic delays due to congestion, said DriveBC.
Original:
The Coquihalla is currently closed in the northbound lane at Exit 256 (Coldwater Road) due to a vehicle accident about 50 kilometres south of Merritt.
The incident occurred at about 1 p.m. this afternoon.
Slushy and slippery sections have been reported in the area, according to DriveBC.
There is an update scheduled for 1:30 p.m. from DriveBC.
#BCHwy5 Northbound CLOSED at Exit 256, Kingsvale (Coldwater road) because of a vehicle incident. Assessment in progress. Next update 1:30 PM. https://t.co/DJ77YySv8g — Drive BC (@DriveBC) February 3, 2018
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@carliberry_
carli.berry@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Workers talk to each other on the production line at the Diageo owned Shieldhall bottling plant in Glasgow, Scotland March 24, 2011. REUTERS/David Moir
LONDON Alcoholic drinks giant Diageo (DGE.L) plans to cut roughly 100 jobs in Scotland, at a time when Britain's workforce is facing uncertainty over the nation's impending exit from the European Union.
Diageo, the world's largest spirits maker and home to Johnnie Walker Scotch, Smirnoff vodka and Tanqueray gin, said on Thursday that it reviewed its European bottling plant footprint following the disposal of its wine business and subsequent end of wine bottling contracts.
It said the review was currently estimated to impact around 100 roles in Scotland, towards the end of the year.
"We will now enter a period of consultation with our employees and their representatives to discuss this and all these proposals of the business in greater detail," a Diageo spokesperson said.
The Scottish arm of Britain's GMB union, which first reported the news on its website, said workers and unions were told on Thursday that there would be 70 redundancies at Diageo's Leven bottling plant in Fife and 35 at its Shieldhall site, near Glasgow.
Diageo has another European bottling plant in Italy.
The GMB union, which says it has 639,000 members in various sectors, said it warned the UK government's Scottish Secretary David Mundell earlier this year about the need for special measures to protect Scotland's drinks manufacturing sector amidst the backdrop of Brexit uncertainty.
Scotch whisky is one of Britain's largest food and drink exports.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Serena Williams cried every time their daughter did in the early stages of motherhood.
The tennis star - who has 10-month-old Alexis Olympia with their husband Alexis Ohanian - admits they found it really "tough" in the beginning and shed a few tears because they didn't know how to help them little girl.
They told People magazine: "It's tough in the beginning. The baby's crying all the time and you don't know why - you don't know if it's gas, you don't know if she's sick, you don't know if it's just colic. So I just started crying with them because I couldn't help them and I wanted to help them and I couldn't, so I just started crying."
Serena's admission comes after they revealed they prayed and "cried a little bit" when they stopped breastfeeding Alexis.
They admitted: "I literally sat Olympia in my arms, I talked to her, we prayed about it. I told her, 'Look, I'm going to stop. Mommy has to do this.' I cried a little bit not as much as I thought I would ...
"After [I stopped breastfeeding], like literally I lost 10 pounds in a week. It was crazy. I just kept dropping. I was like, that's when I learned that everything was different. Sorry to go on about that. I wanted to say that so women out there know that's not true. Everyone takes things different. I think it's important for us to share that message."
Though they love being a mother, Serena was shocked when they realised how much she'd missed the pressure of competing out on the court.
They said: "It definitely surprises me. I have this amazing child, all these grand slams... it was all super bonus. I definitely feel a lot less pressure out there but I'm a little bit shocked at how much I almost want that pressure."
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on hot dog contest
Now Playing:
NEW YORK (AP) — It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. They set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but they managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 2 of 10 Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 3 of 10 Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) fewer Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 4 of 10 Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 7 of 10 Michelle Lesco participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Michelle Lesco participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 8 of 10 Carmen Cincotti participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) fewer Carmen Cincotti participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 9 of 10 Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 10 of 10 Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on hot dog contest 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
LONDON Train services in northern England and on a major rail link to Scotland will be hit later this month when members of the RMT union go on strike in a long-running dispute over staffing.
The action will affect Virgin Trains East Coast (VTEC) which operates services on the main link between London and Edinburgh, and Arriva Rail North.
The dispute over whose job it should be to open and close train doors has already caused widespread disruption on Southern rail, a major commuter route into London.
RMT staff on VTEC, a joint venture 90 percent owned by Stagecoach, are set to strike on April 28 and 29.
Those on Arriva Rail North, which serves Liverpool, Manchester and Newcastle, will strike for 24 hours on April 28, the RMT said on Thursday.
The union said VTEC had not offered sufficient reassurances that train guards would keep their roles and had failed to allay its concerns over a possible switch to driver-only trains, following changes to staffing introduced last month.
Virgin Trains said the staffing changes would benefit passengers and had no impact on safety. It planned to run a near-normal timetable during the strike.
There was no immediate comment from Arriva.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Stephen Addison)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FRANKFURT/BERLIN, April 10 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.2 percent higher on Monday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0608 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
BASF
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
UNIPER
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
Denmark's government is proposing amending legislation to allow it to ban pipeline projects on the grounds of foreign and security policy due to concerns raised by Russian efforts to build the Nord Stream 2 pipeline through Danish waters.
BAYER
Indicated 0.6 percent higher
COVESTRO
No indication available
The German state of North Rhine-Westphalia's environment minister, Johannes Remmel, wants to put a stop to Covestro's carbon monoxide pipeline on security concerns, daily Rheinische Post reported on Saturday, citing a draft of a report Remmel sent to economy minister Garrelt Duin.
DAIMLER
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
Daimler will offer workers at its Mercedes-Benz trucks business voluntary redundancy as it seeks to lower annual costs by 400 million euros ($424 million) through a mix of budget and headcount reductions, a company spokesperson said.
FRESENIUS
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
The healthcare group said on Friday that it was in talks with the generic drugmaker Akorn Inc for a potential takeover.
THYSSENKRUPP
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
The industrial group said on Friday it planned to cut costs by 500 million euros over three years at its steel unit, which it is seeking to merge with Tata Steel's European operations.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated unchanged
Members of the Porsche-Piech clan that controls Volkswagen will no longer be eligible to serve as executives of the carmaker, Porsche Automobil Holding SE Chairman Wolfgang Porsche told Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.
STADA
Indicated 9.9 percent higher
The drugmaker said it has decided to support an offer from Bain Capital and Cinven for 66 euros ($69.87) per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros.
NEMETSCHEK
Indicated unchanged
The software company aims to accelerate its annual sales growth to 13-15 percent in the medium term, compared with a previous goal for 11-13 percent, at the expense of profitability, Chief Executive Patrik Heider told weekly paper Euro am Sonntag.
GRAMMER
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
A German court has halted plans by Grammer to sell a 9.2 percent stake to China's Ningbo via a convertible bond, saying the transaction required the Federal Cartel Office's approval, according to Sueddeutsche Zeitung.
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
HENKEL - Goldman Sachs cuts to "sell" from "neutral"
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones unchanged, S&P 500 -0.1 pct, Nasdaq unchanged at close.
Nikkei +0.7 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.5 pct.
Time: 6.18 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
No economic data scheduled.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9446 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan and Andreas Cremer)
LONDON Britain's intention in negotiations over the post-Brexit status of European Union nationals already living in the United Kingdom is to give them very similar rights to those they enjoy now, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday.
Davis said it was important to quickly agree on the future rights of EU nationals living in Britain and Britons living in other EU countries after the United Kingdom exits the bloc in 2019, because uncertainty was making those people anxious.
"It is the intention that they will have a generous settlement, pretty much exactly what they enjoy now, and our British citizens abroad will do the same," Davis said during an interview on BBC radio.
Their comment differed from what was suggested by Prime Minister Theresa May during a dinner with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, according to a report in German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung (FAS) on Sunday.
FAS reported that May had said they thought it would not be a problem to resolve the issue as EU citizens in Britain could simply be treated like other nationals of third countries.
Juncker reportedly responded that would be a big problem, as EU nationals currently enjoyed many special rights and it would be necessary to go over details such as health insurance.
In their BBC interview on Wednesday, Davis said Britain wanted to deal with the issue up front, and was working with EU partners on how to speed up the process.
"One is to take a very simple solution, which we have talked about. Secondly, if it has to be a treaty or something that takes time, that we would have an exchange of letters making it plain what we're going to achieve," they said.
"Those sorts of things we are working on, and working with all of them (EU member states), and my expectation is that we will succeed with that."
Davis dismissed a report in the Financial Times that the EU was preparing to demand a gross figure of 100 billion euros from Britain as its bill for quitting the bloc.
Davis also dismissed a report in The Times newspaper that the EU would let May negotiate directly only with the European Commission's chief negotiator Michel Barnier rather than with fellow EU leaders.
"We're going into this negotiation not as a supplicant, but as a negotiator. There are two sides to negotiation, and the other side of the negotiation will not determine who does what," they said.
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon, David Milliken and Alistair Smout, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
Dateline: Great Bend, Kansas
Cheryl Anne Crain, 64, died May 28, 2018, at their home in Great Bend. They were born April 25, 1954, in Great Bend, Kansas, the daughter of Raphael Naylor and Faye Lois (Gilmore) Muth. Cheryl attended Great Bend High School and Barton County Community College.
They were a licensed daycare provider taking care of many children over the years in their daycare, Grandma's Home Daycare.
Cheryl was a member of First Church of the Nazarene, of Great Bend. An avid Bible reader, they were a member of several Bible Study Schools.
Survivors include their four children; April Randa of Hoisington, Heather Hibbs and husband Richard of Peck, Farah Stude and husband Tim of Brewster, and Mitchell Schwartz and wife Kris of Bison; mother, Faye Muth of Great Bend; siblings, Rhonda Nuss and husband Scott of Otis, James Muth and wife Cheryl of Arkansas, Anthony Muth and wife Sandra of Great Bend, Steven Muth and wife Cozetta of Salina, and Lynn Tammen and husband Dave of Albert; 13 grandchildren, Michael, Casey, Teairah, Tommy, Jakob, Raphael, Haylee, Gage, Kirsten, Aiden, Alyssa, Kaden, and Ky; and two great grandchildren, Presley and Dexter.
They were preceded in death by their father, Raphael Muth.
A private family memorial service will take place on June 1, 2018 at 2:00 PM at Nicholson-Ricke Funeral Chapel. Inurnment will be St. Mary's Cemetery, Chase, Kansas immediately following the memorial service.
Memorials may be made to the donor's choice in care of Nicholson-Ricke Funeral Home, PO Box 146, Hoisington, KS, 67544.
SHAWNEE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Shawnee County are investigating the theft of rifle and asking for help to identify the suspect.
On Monday, deputies released security camera images in an effort to identify the suspect, according to the Shawnee County Sheriff's Department.
 They are wanted for the theft of a Firingline CTMR 7.62×39 rifle.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Det. Myers at 785-251-2262 or ryan.myers@snco.us
BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa — Openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar made centuries as South Africa again punished Bangladesh's decision to bowl first to race to 428-3 on the opening day of the second test on Friday.
Markram made 143 and Elgar 113 and they had a 243-run opening stand. Hashim Amla and captain Faf du Plessis pressed home South Africa's advantage with an unbroken 140-run stand for the fourth wicket to take the Proteas to stumps at Mangaung Oval.
Amla was 89 not out, Du Plessis 62 not out, and South Africa was eyeing a score in excess of 500 in double-quick time. South Africa scored at nearly five runs an over on the first day and racked up 126 runs in the first session, 130 in the second, and 172 after tea.
Bangladesh's bowlers again looked lost, and captain Mushfiqur Rahim's decision to put South Africa in again appeared to be a woeful error.
The second test was shaping up to be a repeat of the first, when Bangladesh misread the pitch, put South Africa in to bat, and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory.
Bangladesh dropped three bowlers after that first-test defeat but the new guys didn't fare any better. Subashis Roy, one of the three called in, returned the best figures with their 2-85. That included the wicket of Elgar, but only after South Africa's openers put their team in complete control.
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game. Markram, out for 97 on debut in the first test, did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein.
Elgar has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year with more than 1,000 runs. They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together, 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday.
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day, and ultimately had success with. Subashis banged in a short one, Elgar went for a hook, and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman.
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on. They were also wayward, conceding 58 boundaries in the day.
April 28 Beteiligungen Im Baltikum AG:
* Offer for the purchase of a residential and commercial building in Heidenheim in the amount of 1,450,000 euros ($1.58 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9154 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China approves two new GMO crop varieties for import, renews 14 -ag ministry
BEIJING, June 14 China approved two new varieties of genetically modified (GMO) crops for import from June 12, after the world's top buyer of GMO soybeans pledged to speed up a review of biotech products as part of a recent trade deal with the United States.
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Midday' game
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the Missouri Lottery's "Pick 3 Midday" game were:
0-3-4
(zero, three, four)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
WASHINGTON, April 3 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted to reverse a requirement imposed under the Obama administration that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million households that currently have service, a source briefed on the matter said. The decision was a win for a group representing smaller cable companies that petitioned to overturn the "overbuild" requirement. As a condition of approval for its acquisition of two cable companies, Charter in May 2016 agreed to extend high-speed internet access to two million customers within five years, with one million served by a broadband competitor. Under the revised FCC order expected to be made public Monday, Charter can opt to add all 2 million additional potential subscribers in places without existing service. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
???????????????????????? I had the greatest time in Iceland this past week, met some awesome people and had some great experiences! Thank you to @thorbjornsson for having me and introducing me to Iceland ????????????. As well as @vikingtrips for the tour! Any of my friends travelling to Iceland, I highly recommend Viking Trips if you want to tour around Iceland!! . . #weekendvibes #getaway #Iceland #kopavogur #reykjavik #trip #tour #vikingtrips #goldencircle #geysir #waterfall #axeriver #falls #winter #ice #snow #beautiful #blonde #exploreeurope #mondayfunday #travel #goodvibes #goodtimes #keepwarm #misshim #babe #instatravel #instagood #instadaily #picoftheday
A post shared by Kelsey Henson (@kelc33) on Nov 17, 2017 at 10:40pm PST
Asiana chair apologizes for flights lacking meals, suicide
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Ahn Young-joon, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo bows in apology during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier. less South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo bows in apology during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon, AP Image 2 of 5 South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo speaks during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier. less South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo speaks during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon, AP Image 3 of 5 South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo listens to a question during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier. less South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo listens to a question during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon, AP Image 4 of 5 South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo, third from left, and board members bow in apology during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier. less South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairperson Park Sam-koo, third from left, and board members bow in apology during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon, AP Image 5 of 5 Asiana chair apologizes for flights lacking meals, suicide 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The chairperson of South Korea's Asiana Airlines apologized Wednesday for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a supplier to one of its catering companies.
Park Sam-koo, chairperson of the country's second-largest air carrier, said they felt a moral responsibility after the boss of a company that had been helping supply the meals killed himself, according to media reports citing police.
"I express my deep apology to the bereaved family," Park said at a press conference. "I'm sincerely sorry to the passengers whose work got disrupted due to flight delays and who experienced inconveniences due to the lack of food."
The apology came as criticism mounted over reports linking the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer.
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday. Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations. Passengers were given vouchers that could be used to purchase duty-free items on Asiana flights.
Many flights were delayed by more than an hour as meals arrived late. Asiana said as of Wednesday, the problem had been resolved.
It arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service.
A fire at the factory of Gate Gourmet Korea, Asiana's new supplier delayed meal supplies while the previous catering service ended in June. The airline temporarily hired another catering service that had to ramp up output to 20,000 meals per day from 3,000 meals per day to meet Asiana's needs. The company whose boss killed himself, was a supplier to that caterer.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 3 UBM Development AG:
* UBM sells new “Zalando Headquarter” in Berlin for 196 million euros ($208.78 million)to Capstone Asset Management in a forward deal
* Project has been sold to a South Korean asset manager, capstone asset management, for 196 mln euros in form of a forward deal
* Completion of the project is planned for the third quarter of 2018
* The transaction in the form of a forward deal is expected to have an impact on net debt already in the second quarter of 2017
* Impact on total output and revenue will be recognised after planned completion and handover in the third quarter of 2018 Source text - bit.ly/2nvMX9r Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Results and fixtures for the A-League on Friday (start times are AEDT) Sydney (2) 4 Wellington Phoenix (0) 0 Saturday, February 3 fixtures (AEDT/GMT) Newcastle Jets v Melbourne Victory (1735/0635) Adelaide United v Perth Glory (1950/0850) Sunday, February 4 fixtures (AEDT/GMT) Central Coast Mariners v Western Sydney Wanderers (1700/0600) Brisbane Roar v Melbourne City (1900/0800)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Let's be honest, how many of us really believe in ghosts?
Television's Yvette Fielding has been chasing them for around 15 years on Most Haunted but we may yet to be convinced.
However, the show's latest episode is more spine tingling than most according to the team behind it which says it has captured the most “groundbreaking footage” yet on a trip to Wentworth Woodhouse in South Yorkshire.
The team can be seen creeping around the Grade I listed country house in search of ghosts and ghouls when something sends a shiver up their spines, reports the Daily Record.
A ghostly figure emerges in an archway after presenters Karl Beattie and Stuart Torevell's attempts to coax the 'spirit' out of hiding.
(Image: PA photo)
And what do you do if confronted by a potential member of the afterlife? Run directly towards it of course.
The team give chase only to appear in a creepy empty room with no sign of the translucent figure.
Host Yvette Fielding described the scenes as 'the most ground-breaking footage we have ever recorded.'
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They added: "But rather than giving us the answer we were looking for, it just gave us more questions.
"Was it the presence of the spirit of a long dead soul, a doppelganger, Stone Tape Replay or something else we are never supposed to understand?"
'Is it fake?' we hear you cry. Apparently not, according to Most Haunted's sceptic Glen Hunt who claimed the clip 'couldn't possibly be doctored.'
We won't lie and say we're totally convinced this is evidence of ghosts roaming the earth, but it certainly makes for some creepy viewing.
Federal agents arrested a Paterson police officer early Wednesday on charges of assaulting a suicidal hospital patient with another officer and recording it on their cellphone.
Surveillance video shows Roger Then, 29, of Paterson pushing the victim to the ground after a fellow city officer punched them in the face while they were sitting in a wheelchair in a hallway at St. Joseph's Regional Medical Center on March 5, U.S. Attorney Craig Carpenito said.
Moments earlier, the victim apparently threw some type of object down the hall, they said.
A second video, shot by Then, shows the victim on their back in a hospital bed.
The victim insults the first officer, who "puts on a pair of hospital gloves and violently strikes the victim twice across the face," Carpenito said.He then stood over the victim and says, 'I ain't f**cking playing with you',” the U.S. attorney said.
A report filed by the first officer doesn't mention the assaults, which left the victim with an eye injury that required surgery and several facial injuries, Carpenito said.
As a result of these assaults, the victim suffered multiple injuries to their face, including an eye injury that required surgery.
Then was due for a hearing Wednesday afternoon in U.S. District Court in Newark.
Carpenito credited special agents of the FBI with the arrest and thanked the Passaic County Prosecutor's Office, Paterson police and the city department's Office of Internal Affairs for their assistance in the investigation.
Handling the prosecution is Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal, deputy chief of Carpenito's Criminal Division.
******
AMBER ALERT BABY RETURNED: Authorities canceled an Amber Alert for a 10-month-old Paterson boy who they said was abducted after their father kicked in the front door of the child's mother's home, punched them in the face and fled with the youngster Wednesday morning.
http://southpassaic.dailyvoice.com/police-fire/amber-alert-cancelled-abducted-10-month-old-paterson-boy-found-dad-busted/737883/
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Bayern Munich activated a clause to make winger Kingsley Coman's transfer from Juventus permanent at the end of the season and extended midfielder Thiago Alcantara's contract to 2021, the German club said on Friday.
The 20-year-old France international, who joined Bayern on a two-year loan deal in 2015, will sign a contract until 2020.
"He is a player with huge potential," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "We're convinced that they will be of great help to us in the coming years.
"He is a very young player who already plays regularly for the French national team and who has gathered experience at the European Championship."
Coman, a former Paris St Germain player, has scored eight goals in 58 games for Bayern.
Rummenigge also heaped praise on 26-year-old Thiago, who signed a two-year extension that will keep them in Munich until 2021 and has arguably played their best football at Bayern this season.
"Thiago is one of the best and most sought after midfielders in Europe," Rummenigge said. "We are happy to have tied them to the club on a long-term basis."
The Spain international is the latest stalwart to sign up to 2021 following - among others - Jerome Boateng, Mats Hummels, Thomas Mueller, Robert Lewandowski and keeper Manuel Neuer as Bayern look to retain key players.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty and John Stonestreet)
LPC: Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK, June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies' US$1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility, even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market.
March 29 Creditors of Puerto Rico's struggling power authority, PREPA, have presented the island's government with a counter-offer to restructure the utility's $8.9 billion in debt, two people familiar with discussions said on Wednesday.
The U.S. territory's government was planning to review the plan ahead of a Friday deadline to finalize a restructuring deal at the utility, said the people, who requested anonymity because the talks are private. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Richard Chang)
RICHMOND, Va – Suyapa Marquez from Dominion Energy stopped by with a few seedlings as part oftheir annual, “Project Plant it!” Educational Campaign. The program has distributed more than a half-million tree seedlings since 2007. Each child enrolled in Project Plant It! receives a free seedling.
Come on out and enjoy Herbs Galore and More Saturday, April 28th from 8am until 4pm on the Carriage House Lawn on Maymont. For more information go to www.projectplantit.com
Former Chelsea and West Ham striker Carlton Cole has joined Indonesia's Persib Bandung, the club announced on Thursday.
The 33-year-old, who has been out of contract since leaving U.S. side Sacramento Republic in October, joins former Chelsea teammate Michael Essien at the Indonesian team ahead of the league kick-off on April 15.
Croydon-born Cole made seven appearances for England between 2009 and 2010, and spent 14 seasons in the Premier League, starting out at Chelsea before going on to feature for Aston Villa and West Ham. They also had a brief stint in Scotland with Celtic.
Persib CEO Teddy Tjahjono told the club's official website (www.persib.co.id) that Cole arrived in Bandung on Monday and the deal was negotiated the following day.
"He passed a medical on Wednesday and was ready to join Persib," they added.
Persib have confirmed that Cole will wear the number 12 shirt, the same number they wore when they made their debut for Chelsea in April 2002.
Based in Bandung in West Java, Persib are one of the best supported clubs in Indonesia and finished third in the recently completed President's Cup.
They pulled off one of the biggest transfers in Indonesian football by landing former Chelsea, Real Madrid and AC Milan midfielder Essien earlier this month.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
LPC-Kloeckner to pay €426m dividend as part of €2bn financing
LONDON, June 14 Shareholders to German packaging company Kloeckner Pentaplast are set for a €426m dividend payout as part of the latest €2bn cross-border loan and bond deal that will also refinance existing debt and back its merger with UK peer Linpac, banking sources said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, manager Dave Martinez said. ... OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. ... Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, their first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors, Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995. They hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker. "Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.," Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va – Ella Fitzgerald is considered one of the greatest jazz singers of all time. The Virginia native died in 1996 at the age of 79, but their musical soundtrack will last forever. In honor of what would have been their 100th birthday, the Richmond Jazz Society and Virginia Repertory Theater will celebrate their legacy with a special presentation, “Ella at 100.” Award Winning Jazz Singer and Actress Desiree Roots Centeio and talented Saxophone Player James “Saxsmo” Gates shared a preview. For one night only, come on out and enjoy “Ella at 100” Tuesday, April 25th at the November Theater. The show begins at 7pm. For more information you can visit http://www.va-rep.org
CHIPPEWA VALLEY — A Wisconsin father is getting a lot of positive attention for their decision to get a tattoo to support their son's battle with a rare condition.
“I saw another father who did the same thing. Their son had a brain tumor, and they did it to boost the confidence of their child, and that's kind of the same reason I'm doing it,” Jeremy Cortner said.
They say scars are like battle wounds, but Cortner isn't the one fighting. Their son is.
“I've seen this scar before, just not on my own head,” Cortner said.
The design stretches from ear to ear. They had it done at Rezurrection Tattoo in Eau Claire — all for their six-year-old son Casey, who will be facing their second round of surgery in July.
“My son Casey had a craniosynostosis. That's when the sutures in their head fuse prematurely, so they did a surgery to kind of let the brain have room to grow again,” Cortner said.
Cortner said next month, doctors will repair soft spots on their skull, ones they say haven't healed since their first surgery, nearly six years ago.
“They're probably about one to two inches wide, so they're using 3D technology to go in and fill those spots. If we didn't do that, their brain couldn't grow and that would, they would potentially lose their sight and their hearing and their ability to learn because their brain couldn't utilize the room that it should,” Amy Cortner, Casey's mother said.
“I want them to know that they shouldn't feel isolated or alone with their scar,” Jeremy Cortner said. “I get to choose this. They don't get to choose his, you know? When they look back, and thinks about their surgery, maybe some positive memories will come out of something special my dad did for me instead of just the negative parts of it of how painful it was.”
“He can even refer to their dad even instead of himself, or they can say, ‘Look, we're the same,' you know? So they don't feel so alone,” Amy Cortner said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON No deal in Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union is not an option, the country's car industry body said as Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggered divorce proceedings from the European Union.
In January, May said: "I am equally clear that no deal for Britain is better than a bad deal for Britain", but carmakers fear that without a formal agreement, UK-built cars would face export tariffs of up to 10 percent, risking the future of plants.
"We will continue to work with government and our European counterparts but no deal is not an option," the Chief Executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders Mike Hawes said on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas, editing by Paul Sandle)
Educational Qualification: +2 Important Date: Starting date for applying: 1-1-2017 Ending date for applying: 10-1-2017 133 Posts View More Details Apply Online Registration…
RICHMOND, Va – Virginia is home to more than 100,000 women veterans. To help these women transition from active servicewomen to civilian, the Virginia Department of Veteran's Services is hosting its 5th annual event, “Virginia Women Veterans Summit Change Makers & Trailblazers: The Power of Being a Woman – The Strength of Being a Veteran.”
Annie Walker, the director of the Veterans Education/Transition/Employment Division stopped by our studio to talk about the challenges female Veterans face and told us all about this informative event that takes place Thursday, June 14th at 9am and Friday, June 15th at 3pm at the Hilton Alexandria Mark Center in Alexandria, VA. For more information go to: https://veteransnavigator.org/article/68319/2018-virginia-women-veteran-summit
March 30 MacDonald Mines Exploration Ltd
* MacDonald Mines signs binding letter of intent to acquire 100% interest in holdsworth property
* MacDonald Mines Exploration - has signed binding letter of intent with noble mineral exploration to acquire all of noble's interest in holdsworth property
* MacDonald Mines Exploration - to acquire 100% interest in Holdsworth property, MacDonald mines agrees to issue 5.5 million units of co's common shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An empty window is seen where the poster of former cable news host Bill O'Reilly was removed from the Fox News Channel offices in Manhattan, New York City, New York, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Rashid Umar Abbasi
Men place boards over a poster of former cable news host Bill O'Reilly outside of the Fox News offices in Manhattan, New York City, New York, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Rashid Umar Abbasi
A woman walks by a sign showing Fox News Channel TV anchor Bill O'Reilly outside the News Corporation headquarters in New York City, in New York, U.S. April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Protestors from the National Organization for Women of New York (NOW-NYC) hold a protest in front of Fox News Channel and the News Corporation Headquarters, following the firing of Bill O'Reilly, in New York City, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
A protestor from the National Organization for Women of New York (NOW-NYC) holds a protest in front of Fox News Channel and the News Corporation Headquarters, following the firing of Bill O'Reilly, in New York City, U.S. April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Bill O'Reilly will get a payout of up to $25 million following their ouster from Fox News over sexual harassment allegations, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday.
Fox News parent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) announced on Wednesday it had parted ways with the star cable news host, ending their more than 20-year career, following the allegations from a number of women.
O'Reilly' severance, totaling the equivalent of one year of their salary, would mark the latest multimillion-dollar payment by Fox News related to men accused of sexual harassment.
The New York Times reported on April 1 that Fox and O'Reilly had paid five women a total of $13 million to settle harassment claims. O'Reilly said in a statement at the time that they had settled only to spare their children from controversy.
O'Reilly, who has been off the air on vacation since April 11, said in a written statement on Wednesday they were proud of their "unprecedented success" at Fox.
"It is tremendously disheartening that we part ways due to completely unfounded claims. But that is the unfortunate reality many of us in the public eye must live with today," O'Reilly said in the statement.
In July, the company paid former head of Fox News, Roger Ailes, a severance package of about $40 million, following allegations of sexual harassment.
Ailes in their resignation letter did not indicate they did anything wrong.
O'Reilly's show, "The O'Reilly Factor," has been the most watched program on Fox News and was coming off the highest-rated first quarter in its history, averaging 4 million viewers, according to Nielsen.
O'Reilly will be replaced in their prime-time lineup by Fox host Tucker Carlson.
(Reporting By Jessica Toonkel; Editing by Tom Brown)
BRUSSELS Hungary needs to assuage the European Union's serious concerns that Prime Minister Viktor Orban's policies run counter to the bloc's values on rights and democracy, the EU executive's deputy head said on Wednesday.
"Taken cumulatively, the overall situation in Hungary is a cause of concern for the Commission," said First Vice-President Frans Timmermans, adding that the European Commission had agreed to start "a political dialogue" with the Hungarian authorities.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Alissa de Carbonnel)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Berry Global Group Inc
* Berry Global Group Inc reports second quarter fiscal 2017 results
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.79
* Q2 earnings per share $0.54
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.65 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Will continue focus on reducing leverage ratio to a goal of below 4, on or before end of fiscal 2017
* Increasing annual cost synergy target for AEP acquisition from initial $50 million to $70 million
* Berry Global Group - reaffirming fiscal year 2017 projected cash flow from operations of $925 million and adjusted free cash flow of $550 million
* "throughout remainder of year we will continue to work on further cost reduction opportunities"
* Net sales increased 12 pct over prior year quarter and was a quarterly record at $1.806 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
BRUSSELS, March 29 EU antitrust regulators blocked the proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday as expected, saying that the deal would have harmed competition because of the companies' combined market power.
The European Commission said the fifth attempt, three public and two informal, by the companies to create Europe's biggest exchange would have created a de facto monopoly in the markets for clearing fixed income instruments.
"As the parties failed to offer the remedies required to address our competition concerns, the Commission has decided to prohibit the merger," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement.
London Stock Exchange set the stage for a veto after rejecting a regulatory demand to sell its MTS Italian trading platform. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)
Reuters Breakingviews is the world's leading source of agenda-setting financial insight. As the Reuters brand for financial commentary, we dissect the big business and economic stories as they break around the world every day. A global team of about 30 correspondents in New York, London, Hong Kong and other major cities provides expert analysis in real time. Sign up for a free trial of our full service at http://www.breakingviews.com/trial and follow us on Twitter @Breakingviews and at www.breakingviews.com . All opinions expressed are those of the authors.
While Kate Middleton wowed the world yet again with their oh-so-glamorous post-baby debut, their nearly 3-year-old daughter Princess Charlotte stole the spotlight!
Arriving at London's St. Mary's Hospital with 4-year-old big brother Prince George (looking smart in their school uniform) and dad Prince William on Monday afternoon, Charlotte, who turns 3 on May 2, wore an adorable blue-and-white smocked design. And they had the ultimate accessory: a polished princess wave.
While mom-of-three, Kate stuck to bespoke Jenny Packham, their go-to designer when it comes to post-birth outfits, wearing a pretty red dress with a lace peter pan collar, daughter Charlotte opted for label, Little Alice London.
Princess Charlotte visiting the hospital on April 23, 2018. Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire
The floral-print dress by Little Alice London retails for $63 and is already sold out online.
“Yes, they were wearing our Periwinkle smocked dress and looking particularly lovely!” designer and friend of Kate's Alice Avenel confirms to PEOPLE.
RELATED VIDEO: Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
To ward off the afternoon chill, Charlotte added a favorite cotton cardigan from children's wear label Amaia. The $63 square-neck design, called Rose, was last seen at Christmas when Charlotte wore it in burgundy to attend lunch with their great-grandmother, the Queen.
“Charlotte looked adorable with their cheeky smile,” Amaia Arrieta, owner of the eponymous label, tells PEOPLE of Charlotte's appearance on the famous Lindo Wing steps. “While George looked a little shy, Charlotte looked super confident and such a natural!”
Princess Charlotte Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock
Amaia and their modern, chic take on traditional clothing for kids has been a favorite of Kate's since George was a toddler. The royal mom has even handed down favorite pieces from George to Charlotte over the years. Completing Charlotte's floral look on Monday was one their favorite hair bows in Bluebird ($5.50) and short white cotton socks ($7), both also from Amaia.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A county councillor says members have been ‘talking in a vacuum' about traffic calming projects for Clarinbridge and Claregalway, after it was revealed that there is no available funding.
The matter has been raised at Athenry Oranmore Municipal District level with Fine Gael councillor Peter Feeney saying both projects now appear to be in grave doubt.
The Clarinbridge scheme had been put on hold amid local concerns, and has been the subject of special meetings of Athenry/Oranmore area councillors, and a number of public gatherings.
Councillor Feeney's comments followed a long sought private meeting with Transport Infrastructure Ireland earlier this month concerning the controversial traffic calming plan for Clarinbridge.
They said the TII told those in attendance that the fund to provide such works has been exhausted.
It's understood the works had a tentative cost of between 300 and 400 thousand euro.
Independent councillor Jim Cuddy said it was a very disappointing outcome and queried if the matter could be taken up with the Department of Transport.
Fianna Fail councillor Martina Kinnane described the meeting with the TII as very productive.
However they described the Clarinbridge traffic calming plan as ‘like using a hammer to crack an egg'.
They argued it would have affected the viability of all the busineses in the area and the future development of Scoil Mhuire, adding that the plan would not have improved the safety of the people living in Stradbally North.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the American company Westinghouse is pictured at the World Nuclear Exhibition 2014, the trade fair event for the global nuclear energy sector, in Le Bourget, near Paris October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
FILE PHOTO -- Visitors look at a nuclear power plant station model by American company Westinghouse, in Le Bourget, near Paris October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
WILMINGTON, Del./NEW YORK In 2012, construction of a Georgia nuclear power plant stalled for eight months as engineers waited for the right signatures and paperwork needed to ship a section of the plant from a factory hundreds of miles away.
The delay, which a nuclear specialist monitoring the construction said was longer than the time required to make the section, was emblematic of the problems that plagued Westinghouse Electric Co as it tried an ambitious new approach to building nuclear power plants.
The approach - building pre-fabricated sections of the plants before sending them to the construction sites for assembly - was supposed to revolutionize the industry by making it cheaper and safer to build nuclear plants.
But Westinghouse miscalculated the time it would take, and the possible pitfalls involved, in rolling out its innovative AP1000 nuclear plants, according to a close examination by Reuters of the projects.
Those problems have led to an estimated $13 billion in cost overruns and left in doubt the future of the two plants, the one in Georgia and another in South Carolina.
Overwhelmed by the costs of construction, Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy on March 29, while its corporate parent, Japan's Toshiba Corp, is close to financial ruin [L3N1HI4SD]. It has said that controls at Westinghouse were "insufficient."
The miscalculations underscore the difficulties facing a global industry that aims to build about 160 reactors and is expected to generate around $740 billion in sales of equipment in services in the coming decade, according to nuclear industry trade groups.
The sector's problems extend well beyond Westinghouse. France's Areva is being restructured, in part due to delays and huge cost overruns at a nuclear plant the company is building in Finland.
Even though Westinghouse's approach of pre-fabricated plants was untested, the company offered aggressive estimates of the cost and time it would take to build its AP1000 plants in order to win future business from U.S. utility companies. It also misjudged regulatory hurdles and used a construction company that lacked experience with the rigor and demands of nuclear work, according to state and federal regulators' reports, bankruptcy filings and interviews with current and former employees.
"Fundamentally, it was an experimental project but they were under pressure to show it could be a commercially viable project, so they grossly underestimated the time and the cost and the difficulty," said Edwin Lyman, a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, who has written and testified about the AP1000 design.
Westinghouse spokesperson Sarah Cassella said the company is "committed to the AP1000 power plant technology", plans to continue construction of AP1000 plants in China and expects to bid for new plants in India and elsewhere. They declined to comment on a detailed list of questions from Reuters.
PROBLEMS FROM THE START
By early 2017, the Georgia and South Carolina plants were supposed to be producing enough energy to power more than a half a million homes and businesses. Instead, they stand half-finished. (For a graphic see tmsnrt.rs/2oQEKgE)
Southern Co, which owns nearly half the Georgia project, and SCANA Corp, which owns a majority of the South Carolina project, have said they are evaluating the plants and could abandon the reactors altogether.
"We will continue to take every action available to us to hold Westinghouse and Toshiba accountable for their financial responsibilities under the engineering, procurement and construction agreement and the parent guarantee," Southern said in a statement. A spokesperson declined to elaborate.
The projects suffered setbacks from the start. In one instance, to prepare the Georgia plant for construction, Westinghouse and its construction partner in 2009 began digging out the foundation, removing 3.6 million cubic yards of dirt.
But half of the backfill – the material used to fill the excavated area - failed to meet regulatory approval, delaying the project by at least six months, according to William Jacobs, the nuclear specialist who monitored construction of the plant for Georgia's utility regulator.
They declined to be interviewed.
But the source of the biggest delays can be traced to the AP1000's innovative design and the challenges created by the untested approach to manufacturing and building reactors, according to more than a dozen interviews with former and current Westinghouse employees, nuclear experts and regulators.
Unlike previous nuclear reactors, the AP1000 would be built from prefabricated parts; specialized workers at a factory would churn out sections of the reactor that would be shipped to the construction site for assembly. Westinghouse said in marketing materials this method would standardize nuclear plant construction.
Westinghouse turned to Shaw Group Inc, which held a 20 percent stake in Westinghouse, to build sections for the reactors at its factory in Lake Charles, Louisiana. There, components for two reactors each in Georgia and South Carolina would be manufactured.
LAKE CHARLES
Seven months after work began in the May 2010, Shaw had already conducted an internal review at the behest of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) to document problems it was having producing components.
In a letter to the NRC, Shaw's then-executive vice president, Joseph Ernst, wrote: "The level and effectiveness of management oversight of daily activities was determined to be inadequate based on the quality of work."
They laid out a laundry list of deficiencies ranging from Shaw's inability to weed out incorrectly made parts to the way it stored construction materials.
Ernst did not respond to a phone call seeking comment.
Over the next four years, regulatory and internal inspections at Lake Charles would reveal a slew of problems associated with the effort to construct modular parts to fit the new Westinghouse design, NRC records show.
When a sub-module was dropped and damaged, Shaw managers ordered employees to cover up the incident; components were labeled improperly; required tests were neglected; and some parts' dimensions were wrong. The NRC detailed each one in public violation notices.
Then there was the missing and illegible paperwork.
The section that was delayed more than eight months by missing signatures would become one of 72 modules fused together to hold nuclear fuel. The 2.2 million pound unit was installed more than two years behind schedule.
It was not until June 2015 that the Lake Charles facility was building acceptable modules, according to a report by Jacobs. By then, Shaw had been bought by Chicago Bridge & Iron.
Gentry Brann, a CB&I spokesperson, said the company put the Lake Charles plant under new management and installed new procedures after the 2013 acquisition. They said Westinghouse was to blame for subsequent delays, citing "several thousand" technical and design changes made after work had already started on various components.
Westinghouse declined to comment.
THE NRC
To some extent, Westinghouse also was hamstrung by the NRC, which imposed stringent requirements for the new reactors. To comply, Westinghouse made some design changes that were tiny tweaks; others were larger.
For instance, before the NRC would issue the utilities an operating license for the Georgia plant, it demanded changes to the design of the shield building, which protects against radiation leaks. The regulator said the shield needed to be strengthened to withstand a crash by a commercial jet, a safety measure arising from the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.
The NRC issued the new standard in 2009, seven years after Westinghouse had applied for approval of its design. The company, in bankruptcy court filings, said the NRC's demand created unanticipated engineering challenges.
A spokesperson for the NRC, Scott Burnell, said the changes should not have come as a surprise, since the agency had been talking about the stringent requirements for several years.
Westinghouse changed its design to protect against a jet crash, but at that point the NRC questioned whether the new design could withstand tornadoes and earthquakes.
Westinghouse finally met the requirements in 2011, according to a report by Jacobs.
By 2016 Westinghouse began to grasp the scope of its dilemma, according to a document filed in its bankruptcy: Finishing the two projects would require Westinghouse to spend billions of dollars on labor, abandoning them would mean billions in penalties.
Westinghouse determined it could not afford either option.
Graphic: Cost overruns at Westinghouse's nuclear plants - tmsnrt.rs/2qnmtML
(Reporting by Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; additional reporting by Makiko Yamazaki in Tokyo; editing by Paul Thomasch)
As one of the millions who woke up early Saturday morning to watch the Royal Wedding, I'm sure I shared a sleepy afternoon when the realization that waking up at 4 a.m. wasn't the best decision.
It was a long-standing tradition for me and I'm glad that I set my alarm so that I could see a small piece of history as it happened.
The wedding was beautiful, sweet and in some ways surprising as elements were added to the ceremony which honored the bride's heritage, something I'm sure that raised a few British eyebrows! The overall theme of the wedding was simplicity which in my opinion defines elegance.
I feel that in our current time, simplicity is a necessary and bold choice for people who want the most elegant interior for their homes.
Gone are the days of opulence and over decorating, now it is the calm retreat and soothing minimalist interiors which are being forecast in the design world. We have heard less is more for ages but right now it absolutely is. The simplicity in the bride's dress, hair and makeup was beautifully refreshing, like looking at a clear lake and seeing only soft ripples and light reflection.
I think more people could take a lesson in what elegance truly looks like from watching clips or looking at pictures from May 19th.
We have FAR too much noise in our world and clutter and distraction. Interior design is moving away from our homes being showcases to display every knick and knack we own and is inviting us to create serene spaces where we can relax and unwind at the end of a heavy day. The more minimalist you keep a space, the more relaxing it is and the easier it is to focus on the task. I was dining in a beautiful space in Vegas when I noticed that there was nothing on the walls and that the whole restaurant was painted an off-white which blended meticulously with the table linens and furniture upholstery.
I remember being very interested in this interior and asked the host about it. They said that the interior was specifically designed (or not designed) to bring the focus to the food which was of course extremely colourful and flavourful. It was almost like a purposeful sensory deprivation to help push focus towards the amazing creations of the chef. I found this concept fascinating.
When you are looking at designing a space, be very clear in the role you want that space to play. Search out photos and images of things you want and see if they apply to the space you are creating. If you have a beautiful view or outstanding architectural features, then let those shine and minimalize the décor in the rest of the room. Choose one focal piece and let the rest of the space sit quietly and support that focal point.
Simplicity may be the most exciting thing some people have heard in a long while as it really takes the pressure off some people who struggle to put décor together. To all those people I have met over the years who lament about not being able to decorate, I tell you now that you are off the hook! Keep things simple, it is the new elegance.
Kim Wyse is a Central Alberta freelance designer. Find them on facebook at ‘Kim Wyse Associate Royal Lepage Tamarack Trail Realty'.
March 29 Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co Ltd
* Co's provisions for impairment of equity investments in subsidiaries will result in decrease of RMB505 million in equity attributable to owners
* Provisions have no effect on (losses) earnings attributable to owners for FY 2016. Source text: (bit.ly/2nv4HU4) Further company coverage:
Think about practicality above all. The first things you need to focus on will be the ones that impact your ability to use the space effectively and safely. Yard levelling may be at the top of a landscaping plan; leaky roofs need to be repaired before you move ahead with a great new slate roof.
Give consideration to work that can pay for itself over time. Some projects offer immediate return on investment; you should make those early priorities in a series of jobs. If you can only handle part of a room remodelling job, for instance, energy-efficient windows are an excellent choice to start with. Anything that reduces energy or water consumption will yield an immediate savings starting with your next bill.
After that, consider your current situation. Are you fixing up a starter home? Is your current home a bit out of date and you want to get rid of that shag carpeting? Crown moulding, painting or wallpaper, appliances and fixtures all make an immediate impact on a home's look and feel without necessarily breaking the bank.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Model Bridget Malcolm is sharing the story of their third-worst experience on a modeling shoot (the first two involved sexual assault, they add), when they were made to feel ashamed of their size-4 body.
The Victoria's Secret model, 26, writes on their blog that they showed up to a swim shoot and found that the client expected them to still have the 33-inch waist they had in old photos.
“This was a client who liked their girls skinny, and I was not that,” Malcolm says. “They had a false idea about what I looked like — something that could have easily been avoided.”
On the all-female shoot — “which makes the whole thing even more frustrating and messed up,” Malcolm adds — they say the crew was extremely rude to her, while being kind and friendly to the other model, a 16-year-old with 34-inch hips.
“Whilst shooting, I had one lady refuse to look me in the eye, choosing instead to address my stomach with a sneer. I addressed her, smiled, and they didn't even look away from my stomach, let alone respond to me beyond mono syllables,” Malcolm recalls. “Another lady asked me to please make my ribs show more whilst shooting, suck in my gut, and tied a sarong around my hips, to ‘hide them.' I got a high school level bitchy up and down when I came out of the changing room, and another woman just didn't even register my presence.”
Bridget Malcolm/Instagram
The Australian model, who wrote on their blog on March 12 about their decision to quit dieting, says that this all happened even though they fit into the sample sizes on set, a range of sizes 2 to 4. Frustrated, Malcolm says they skipped lunch while the other model enjoyed it all, plus cake.
“I was met with choruses of ‘Why aren't you eating! What's wrong!?' I sat there feeling humiliated, fat and ugly,” they say. Then: “All that fake concern in their eyes over why I wasn't eating lunch evaporated the second I got back on set. Then it was back to stonewall and scrutiny.”
“It is hard to articulate just how awful the feeling is when you are on a set and everyone there hates the way you look,” they add. “The reactions range from being sweet, yet condescending and pitiful, to just straighten up bitchiness.”
Reflecting on the incident, Malcolm regrets staying on set.
“I wish I'd had the strength to say to them, ‘What's going on? Am I not what you wanted? Because if not, lets not put me and you through this. Just send me home. You don't want me here, and I don't want to be here.' ” they say. “I wish I had done that instead of struggling through the day, to leave set and burst into tears. To be told by my agent that because they hadn't said anything to my agency, there was nothing wrong. Got to love a little casual gas lighting — after 12 years of modeling, I know when something (me) isn't working out.”
Malcolm ends their post with a note for the women on the photo shoot.
“To the ladies on set that day, I say I hope you find your peace here. I don't know how hard it must be to exist in a world where you treat another young woman as badly as you treated me. You must be in so much pain. The pain must be strong enough to make you look at a twenty something young woman, who is fit and healthy, and set out to make them feel fat and useless. It truly must be awful to exist in a state of constant cognitive dissonance,” they say. “I hope you find your peace. And I thank you. You helped to set me on the road to mine.”
SHAWNEE COUNTY — Two people, including an off-duty Kansas police officer, died in an accident just after 2p.m. Tuesday in Shawnee County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2017 Acura RDX SUV driven by Peter V. Bieri, 72, Lawrence, was northbound in the southbound lanes on U.S. 75 and collided head on with a southbound 2015 Hyundai SUV driven by Trey C. McCluskey, 25, Topeka.
Bieri and McCluskey were pronounced dead at the scene. A passenger in the Hyundai Taylor R. McCluskey, 25, Sabetha, was transported to the hospital in Topeka. All three were properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
Trey McCluskey was an officer for the Topeka Police Department. They began their service in July of 2015, according to Deputy Chief Wheeles. “McCluskey was a well-liked and respected member of the Field Operations Bureau, working the night shift.
We honor their memory of sacrifice and commitment. We commend their personal choice to serve the Topeka community in the “noble profession of law enforcement.”
————
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — The Kansas Highway Patrol says two people, including an off-duty Topeka police officer, died in a wrong-way, head-on collision.
The patrol says the crash occurred Tuesday afternoon just north of Topeka. A third person riding in one of the vehicles was seriously injured.
No names have been released but the Topeka police department confirmed one of the dead was an officer in the department.
The patrol says one of the vehicles was going north in the southbound lanes on Kansas 75 when the two vehicles collided.
An investigation is continuing.
TEL AVIV, March 30 Bank Leumi, Israel's second-largest lender, reported slightly higher fourth-quarter net profit that missed expectations and said it will begin paying a dividend for the first time in six years.
Leumi posted on Thursday quarterly net profit of 443 million shekels ($122 million), up from 431 million a year ago but below a forecast of 468 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts.
Net interest income rose to 1.87 billion shekels from 1.73 billion. It had credit loss expenses of 46 million shekels versus 33 million a year ago.
For the first time in six years the bank adopted a dividend policy, as its board set a payout ratio of 20 percent of quarterly profit, starting in the first quarter of 2017.
Its Tier 1 ratio, which measures equity capital as a proportion of total risk-weighted assets, rose to 11.15 percent at the end of 2016 from 9.58 percent at the end of 2015. ($1 = 3.6205 shekels) (Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by Steven Scheer)
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Mominul Haque and Liton Das kept Bangladesh steady and helped the home side reach 187-3 at lunch on the final day of the first test against Sri Lanka, cutting the match deficit to 13 runs.
At lunch Sunday, Mominul was batting on 70 and Liton Das was not out 47, raising the prospect of saving the game.
With their second 50-plus knock in the match, Mominul had 245 runs, which made them the highest run scorer for a Bangladeshi batsman in a test, eclipsing Tamim Iqbal's 231 (206 and 25) against Pakistan in Khulna, 2012.
Resuming the day on 81-3 and with the prospect of a potential defeat, Mominul and Das combined for a 106-run partnership for the fourth wicket to keep Sri Lanka frustrated throughout the session.
Green Day is coming to the XFinity Theater this August, and we want to send you to see the show.
Green Day is hitting the road for the Revolution Radio North American Tour this summer. Along with special guest Catfish and the Bottlemen, they're making a stop at the XFinity Theater in Hartford on August 29th.
Grammy® Award-winning Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees Green Day today announced the Revolution Radio summer tour, kicking off on August 1st in Auburn, WA and hitting amphitheaters, stadiums, and arenas across the country. UK based band Catfish and the Bottlemen will support all dates. As part of the run, the band will also perform for the first time at Wrigley Field in Chicago, IL and the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, CA. Dates and on-sale information for those shows will be revealed in the coming weeks. See below for a complete list of confirmed dates.
Tickets are on sale now through LiveNation.com, but we want you to win them with Craig and Company!
Listen for your chance to call-in with Craig and Company all this week. When you hear the cue to call, dial 860-247-9696 and you could win a pair of tickets to see the show!
Tickets On Sale Now
Livenation.com
Aug 29 / Xfinity Theatre
Tkts $89.50. $49.50
Lawn $30
April 3 Bristol-myers Squibb Co
* Opdivo (nivolumab) in combination with Yervoy (ipilimumab) and Opdivo Monotherapy significantly improved overall survival versus Yervoy alone in patients with previously untreated advanced melanoma
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - first overall survival (os) data from phase 3 checkmate -067 clinical trial
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co says with a minimum follow-up of 28 months, median os had not yet been reached in either of two Opdivo treatment groups
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - updated safety data reported in new analysis were consistent with previously reported experience
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - safety profile is consistent with previous studies, with no cumulative toxicity with combination therapy or new safety signals
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - two-year os rates were 64% for Opdivo plus Yervoy combination, 59% for Opdivo alone and 45% for Yervoy alone Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The snowed has thawed, award season is over and the buds are blooming, which means it's World's Most Beautiful season once again.
As is tradition, this year's issue is packed with stunning women who are doing even more beautiful things for the world. At PEOPLE Pets, we have noticed just one issue with this franchise: a cat, dog or any other pet has never made the cover.
We're here to right this wrong in our own way, by calling your attention to the most gorgeous animals online. These are pets that are amassing impressive social media followings simply because fans can't stop staring at them and soaking in their splendor.
Before we dive into our World's Most Beautiful list, it's important to note that every animal on this Earth is the most beautiful creature. When you look your pet in the eye and tell them they are the most gorgeous/handsome/beguiling animal you've ever seen, that's not a lie. You know it, and we know it.
These eight critters just happen to come in at close second place to your exquisite little baby.
Kuma
ネモフィラの丘にくまさんと行ってみたいけど遠くて行けない。ので庭に種撒いてみたらモリモリ育ったよ💠 #肉球チラ見せ A post shared by もえむ (@moem_n) on Apr 10, 2017 at 7:37pm PDT
Handle: @moem_n
Most Beautiful Attribute: This Japanese sweetie has hair that is the envy of every pup in the dog park … and us, too.
Frederik the Great
Handle: Frederik the Great
Most Beautiful Attribute: This is basically the Fabio of horses. If mares read books, this strong, elegant, hair-flipping horse would be on the front of every equine romance novel.
Princess Aurora
The result of a fly disturbing Aurora during a photo shoot 🐝 #throwbackthursday #tbt A post shared by Princess Aurora 👑 (@aurorapurr) on Mar 23, 2017 at 10:39am PDT
Handle: @auorapuur
Most Beautiful Attribute: Everything about this cat is soft. I eyes, fur, pastel coloring and little pink nose all make them look like the cuddliest watercolor painting come to life.
Matthew
✨🌸👋🏻😊👍🏻🌸✨ A post shared by Shota Tsukamoto (@matthewthehedgehog) on Apr 9, 2017 at 6:34am PDT
Handle: @MatthewTheHedgehog
Most Beautiful Attribute: This handsome pet has a stunning sense of feng shui. You will often find them matched with a simple backdrop and vibrant flowers.
Coby
Business casual.👕 A post shared by Coby The Cat (@cobythecat) on Apr 10, 2017 at 8:31am PDT
Handle: @cobythecat
Most Beautiful Attribute: Maybe you haven't noticed (somehow), but this cat has some of the most startling blue eyes we've ever seen. No matter how many times you see them, they will continue to hypnotize.
Menswear Dog
When you've been such a good boy all day ✨ A post shared by Menswear Dog (@mensweardog) on Apr 12, 2017 at 5:42pm PDT
Handle: @mensweardog
Most Beautiful Attribute: This pup has a powerful sense of confidence and a personal style that is perfectly tailored to it.
Smoothie
Yeah, sure… A post shared by @smoothiethecat on Apr 8, 2017 at 10:00am PDT
Handle: @smoothiethecat
Most Beautiful Attribute: They call themselves the Queen of Fluff, and they have definitely earned that title.
Pitzush
Handle: @pussinglam
Most Beautiful Attribute: This Romanian rescue feline has embraced a luxurious life full of fake eyelashes, which are photoshopped on, and haute couture styles.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Force Motors Ltd:
* JAN TOTAL DOMESTIC SALES OF 2474 UNITS
* JAN DOMESTIC SCV & LCV SALES OF 1333 UNITS
* JAN DOMESTIC UV, SUV AND TRACTORS SALES OF 1141 UNITS
* SAYS JAN TOTAL EXPORTS SALES 193 UNITS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Truck stolen from Armstrong allegedly used in multiple incidents between Lake Country and Kelowna
Kelowna Regional RCMP continue their investigation into an early morning string of related hit-and-run collisions which involved a stolen white Ford F-150 pickup truck travelling between Lake Country and Kelowna and ultimately led to the dynamic arrest of a suspect by an off duty RCMP officer in Rutland.
Just before 6:30 a.m. Monday, RCMP began to receive numerous calls from the public of an erratic and dangerous driver who had been involved in, and fled from the scene of, a rollover collision along Highway 97 near Beaver Lake Road in Lake Country.
“Calls from the public continued to pour in,” said RCMP spokesperson Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey. “Residents reported that the same suspect Ford F-150 had been spotted at various locations throughout Rutland.”
An off-duty RCMP officer became involved when they witnessed the driver of the suspect vehicle commit an offence.
The driver eventually stopped n the 400 block of Gerstmar Road and fled from the vehicle. The off-duty officer identified themselves as a police officer and a struggle ensued during which the officer was allegedly assaulted.
Police have since confirmed that the Ford F-150 had been reportedly stolen from Armstrong.
“The criminal investigation remains in its early stages, as police prepare to conduct at least a dozen interviews with both witnesses and victims,” said O'Donaghey. “Our officers have yet to positively identify the young adult male they currently have in police custody.”
Once identified the suspect could face several potential charges.
If you witnessed any of the multiple crashes or observed the driving behaviour of the Ford F-150 pickup truck involved, and have not yet spoken to police, you are urged to contact the Kelowna RCMP at 250-762-3300.
* Futures up: Dow 1 pt, S&P 1.75 pts, Nasdaq 3.25 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
April 28 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Friday as investors awaited the first-quarter report on gross domestic product, while assessing quarterly earnings.
* The Nasdaq Composite is on track to post gains for the sixth straight month, after closing at a record high on Thursday, following stellar earnings from tech heavyweights.
* Amazon rose 3.4 percent at $949.50 in premarket trading, while Google's parent Alphabet gained 4.2 percent to $929.05 after their quarterly results beat estimates.
* The S&P and the Dow were also on track to end the month higher as the first-quarter corporate earnings season continued to impress.
* Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 12.4 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* U.S. businesses would mostly benefit if Trump's plan to cut corporate tax rates and slash taxes on cash parked overseas becomes law. But the economic benefits and the timing of a possible bill remain in question.
* Data is expected to show that U.S. economic growth slowed in the first quarter. Gross domestic product is expected to have dropped to 1.2 percent from 2.1 percent in the previous quarter. The data is expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT).
* University of Michigan's consumer sentiment data for April is expected at 10 a.m. ET and will likely remain unchanged at 98.0 from a month ago.
* Oil prices rebounded after dropping to a one-month low the previous day, prompting investors to buy at cheaper levels ahead of a May OPEC meeting at which producers could extend output cuts.
* Starbucks fell 4.6 percent to $58.45 after the world's biggest coffee chain cut its full-year profit target.
* Intel was down 3.8 percent at $36 after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly revenue.
Futures snapshot at 7:03 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 1 points, or 0 percent, with 13,937 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.75 points, or 0.07 percent, with 72,366 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 3.25 points, or 0.06 percent, on volume of 17,012 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
•Feb. 3: Judge in Seattle blocks first ban
Replying to a case brought by the states of Washington and Minnesota, U.S. District Judge James Robart said the ban could no longer remain in effect. Other judges had already blocked parts of the ban, but Robart's ruling was the broadest order and applied nationwide.
"It's a wonderful day for the rule of law in our country," Washington state's solicitor general, Noah Purcell, said at the time. "The order was haphazardly carried out and poorly thought up."
•Feb. 9: Appeals court upholds block on first ban
In an unanimous decision, a panel of three judges of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said Robart's nationwide order halting the travel ban should stand. The judges said they were unconvinced that the nation needed the ban for security.
Trump took to Twitter to reply. "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" they tweeted.
•March 6: Trump signs second ban
In attempt to pass court muster, Trump signed a revised, pared-down ban on residents of six Muslim-majority countries.
The ban blocked travel for 90 days for residents of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. It included a refugee ban of 120 days. Iraqi nationals, who were named on the first ban, were no longer included. It removed language from Trump's earlier order that courts said illegally gave preference to non-Muslim refugees, and had language allowing exemptions for green card holders, dual citizens and other specific visa holders.
•March 15: Hawaii judge blocks second ban
U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu wrote that despite the ban's "stated secular purpose," Trump's own words acted against him.
In another case, U.S. District Judge Theodore Chuang in Maryland also ruled against Trump. The judge said it was likely that Trump's ban violated the Constitution by discriminating against Muslims.
•May 25: Appeals court upholds block of ban
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals refused to go against the Maryland court order blocking the ban. "We remain unconvinced (the ban) has more to do with national security than it does with effectuating the president's promised Muslim ban," judges wrote.
On June 12, the 9th Circuit similarly upheld the Hawaii ruling against the ban. It said Trump's order violated the Immigration and Nationality Act.
•June 26: Supreme Court revives second ban
In a brief, unsigned opinion, the Supreme Court said a limited version of the second ban could be put into place. The court did not rule on the constitutionality of the ban, saying it would instead take up those questions in the fall. But justices said it could apply to anyone without "bona fide relationships" with Americans or U.S. entities. It said those included spouses, employers and universities, but largely left the definition of "bona fide" open to interpretation.
•July 13: Hawaii judge says grandparents, other relatives must be exempt from ban
Going against the Trump administration's policy on who falls under the ban, Watson said those exempt from it included travelers who had grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins and brothers- and sisters-in-law in the U.S.
The judge also said refugees could not be blocked if they had "formal assurance" from U.S. resettlement agencies for relocation to the country.
•July 19: Supreme Court reinstates restrictions on refugees
Justices said that the Trump administration could reinstate restrictions on refugee resettlement but that it could not limit the kinds of "close" family members exempt from the ban on visitors from the six countries.
•Sept. 7: Appeals court says refugees must be allowed in
Judges on the 9th Circuit upheld a ruling from Watson that said refugees who had relationships to resettlement agencies in the U.S. could count those as bona fide connections to exempt them from the refugee ban.
•Sept. 12: Supreme Court allows government to block 24,000 refugees
The court reversed a ruling from the 9th Circuit that forced the government to let up to 24,000 refugees into the country.
Travel ban opponents argued that kind of relationship was a bona fide one that would make the refugees exempt from the travel ban.
•Sept. 24: Trump signs third ban
The new ban covered travel to the U.S. by most nationals of Syria, Libya, Iran, Yemen, Somalia, Chad and North Korea. The ban also restricted travel by certain Venezuelan government officials and their families.
It was scheduled to take effect Oct. 18 and, unlike prior bans that had expired or were rescinded, it was indefinite.
•Oct. 10: Supreme Court drops ban case
Two cases — originating in Watson's and Chuang's courts — blocking a second version of the travel and refugee ban were set for October oral arguments in the Supreme Court.
Justices dropped them because the ban had expired and was replaced by a new one.
•Oct. 17: Hawaii judge halts ban nationwide
In response to a lawsuit from the state of Hawaii and Muslims in the state, Watson blocked the entire ban on nationals of the six Muslim-majority countries — but not North Korea or select Venezuelan officials. Their order came the day before the latest travel ban was to go into effect.
Watson said the ban went against the Immigration and Nationality Act and "plainly discriminates based on nationality" in a way that was "antithetical" to American principles. They wrote that the order "suffers from precisely the same maladies as its predecessor: It lacks sufficient findings that the entry of more than 150 million nationals from six specified countries" would harm U.S. interests.
•Oct. 18: Maryland judge halts ban nationwide
In ruling against the ban, Chuang said the administration could not enforce it on any person with a bona fide connection to the U.S. Chuang wrote that the president's campaign trail comments about Muslims and their Twitter postings pointed to the ban being an unconstitutional example of religious discrimination.
•Nov. 13: Appeals court allows a partial ban
After the Trump administration made an emergency request for the 9th Circuit to reverse Watson's order, appellate judges struck a middle ground. They allowed the ban to stay blocked but only for people who had bona fide connections in the U.S.
•Dec. 4: Supreme Court revives ban
The court said the ban could go into effect on most nationals of the six Muslim-majority countries. Justices overruled the 9th Circuit, where judges earlier said the government could block only travelers who did not have bona fide U.S. connections, such as relatives in the country or job offers.
For years after their mother's death, Prince Harry had their “head in the sand,” they reveal.
Looking back on the years following the tragic loss of their mother, Princess Diana, Harry says they now realize that they never truly processed their grief until much later on in their life.
In a new interview with The Telegraph, on their Mad World podcast, the prince opened up about struggling to process their grief, the importance of talking about mental health, their work with Heads Together and = wanting kids in the future.
Here are Harry's most moving quotes:
On our collective tendency to keep things bottled up:
“Saying fine is so much better than having to go into the details. Most of us aren't up for going that deep.”
On how their mother's death affected him:
“I can safely say that losing my mom at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well.”
On when they reached out for help:
“It was only three years ago, from the support around from my brother and other people, saying ‘You really need to deal with this.' It's not normal to say that nothing has affected you.”
On how they dealt with their mother's death initially:
“My way of dealing with it was sticking in my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mom, because why would that help, it's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring them back.”
On the effect not dealing with their grief had on him:
“It was 20 years of not thinking about it, and two years of total chaos.”
On how they overcome their grief, and how other people can too:
“There's nothing better than being able to share your experiences, and ask for advice from someone who has actually bene through it, rather than a competed stranger or someone who doesn't actually get what you've been through.”
On the other side of their grief:
“By the age of 30, I was like, ‘Wow, this is a much better way of life.'”
On how their emotions affected those around him:
“I know that there's huge merit in talking about your issues, and the only thing about keeping it quiet, it's only ever going to make it worse. Not just for you, but for everyone else around you, as well, because you become a problem. And I, for a lot of my twenties, was a problem. I don't know how I dealt with it.”
On how they leaned on their brother, Prince William:
“My brother was a huge support to me, and kept saying, ‘This is not right, it's not normal, you need to talk about this stuff, it's okay.'”
On using their influential position for good:
“One of the best things ever, I think it's what my mother believed in, if you're in a position of privilege or a position of responsibility, and you can put your name to something you genuinely believe in, and that other believes in, and you get that support, and that belief and that encouragement, you can smash and stigma you want. You can encourage anybody to anything. And I hope that's what Heads Together is proving.”
On what they want to avoid:
“What would really suck is being in a position where you should be able to make a difference, but people aren't listening to you.”
On when Prince George, Princess Charlotte and their own future children take the reins:
“I am looking forward to that, and I think at that point, you have to take a backseat.”
On playing godfather to six of their friend's children:
“I think the key to that is to be able to grow up, but also be able to stay in touch with your childhood side.”
On starting a family of their own:
“Of course, I would love to have kids.”
On how the public scrutiny has gotten to him:
“I've probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions, when all sorts of grief, and lies and misconceptions are coming at you from every angle. But it comes with the job, and comes with that role.”
On not always having the ability to speak out:
“One of the hardest things I suppose is not being able to have that voice and stand up for yourself. You just have to.”
On the mystery of mental health:
“I have no idea how any of us stay sane. There is day-to-day pressure on all of us, and I genuinely don't know how we stay sane. I don't have any secrets.”
On their outlook now:
“I've now been able to take my work seriously, and take my private life seriously, as well, and be able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference. Invictus would have never gotten off the ground if I hadn't dealt with all that stuff beforehand.”
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Football Soccer - Shakhtar Donetsk v Celta Vigo - UEFA Europa League Round of 32 Second Leg - Metalist Stadium, Kharkiv, Ukraine - 23/02/17. Celta Vigo's John Guidetti celebrates after winning against Shakhtar Donetsk. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
Football Soccer - Celta Vigo Press Conference - Balaidos Stadium, Vigo, Spain - 3/5/17 Celta Vigo coach Eduardo Berizzo and Hugo Mallo during the press conference Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
MADRID Celta Vigo are confident they have the mental strength to upset an injury-hit Manchester United in the Europa League semi-finals, according to the Spanish side's striker John Guidetti.
The Galician club has never won a major European trophy while United have lifted the European Cup three times.
"I think with the mentality we've built here, nothing is impossible,” Swede Guidetti, a former Manchester City player, told UEFA ahead of the first leg in Spain on Thursday.
“We may be a small club and a team that others don't takemuch notice of, but we also know how good we are.
“That's why we've beaten Barcelona two years in a row. We knocked Real Madrid out of the Copa (King's Cup), we've beaten Atletico Madrid. We've shown that we are a good team.” Celta Vigo, 11th in La Liga, lost 3-0 to Athletic Bilbao on Sunday but coach Eduardo Berizzo rested several players including leading striker Iago Aspas.
Manchester United come into the game battling aslew of injuries.
Defenders Eric Bailly and Luke Shaw went off in the1-1 draw with Swansea on Sunday, joining an injury list that also includes Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Timothy Fosu-Mensah.
France midfielder Paul Pogba is fit to return after injury.
Fifth in the English top flight, United are at risk of missing out on a Champions League place for next season and their only hope of playing in the competition might be winning the Europa League, a trophy they have never lifted before.
But Spaniard Mata warned their teammates that seeing off Berizzo's team will not be easy. “They are one of the teams that play better football in Spain, and not only this season,” Mata said.
“Being back home in Spain will be special for me but difficult at the same time. We must perform at our best in order to beat them.”
United are looking to join an elite group of clubs who have won the Champions League (formerly European Cup), the European Cup Winners' Cup, and the Europa League (formerly UEFA Cup).
Ajax, who face Olympique Lyonnais in the other semi-final, Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Juventus are the other sides who have achieved the feat.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 20 Mexico's state-owned oil and gas company Pemex plans to form alliances for hydrogen plants at its Madero and Cadereyta refineries that could be ready by the end of the year, Pemex chief executive Jose Antonio Gonzalez said.
Earlier this month, Gonzalez said Pemex was eyeing hydrogen plant tie-ups for certain refineries, without naming which ones.
In February, Pemex said it will partner with France's Air Liquide SA to operate an existing hydrogen plant and build a second one at its Tula refinery.
"We're going to do the same with two more, definitely Madero and Cadereyta," Gonzalez said in an interview in Washington late on Wednesday, just ahead of the IMF-World Bank spring meetings in Washington. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
The behaviour by some parents dropping off and picking up their kids from school has gotten so out of hand that some Auckland schools are shopping offenders to the police.
TVNZ1's Seven Sharp reporter Tim Wilson went to talk to two principals who often find themselves playing parking warden.
"Cars mounting the kerb because they're too impatient to wait until buses go.
"They will travel over the footpath, sometimes there are young people walking through so they're almost weaving," Howick College Principal Iva Ropati said.
The problem has become so bad that Howick College, along with Shelly Park School, are sending pictures of the offending drivers' vehicles to the police.
"We unfortunately have to send pictures of some of these vehicles behaving poorly directly to the police. Our local police have been very good," Mr Ropati said.
"Ryan was watching a lot of toy review channels — some of their favourites are EvanTubeHD and Hulyan Maya — because they used to make a lot of videos about Thomas The Tank Engine, and Ryan was super into Thomas," their mother, who declined to be named, told TubeFilter last year.
"One day, they asked me, 'How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided — yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there."
Soon the boy started playing with not just one toy at a time, but two, and then dozens. About four months in, their channel saw an explosion of traffic, driven primarily by a viral video of Ryan reviewing a hundred toys at once. It is titled "100+ cars toys GIANT EGG SURPRISE OPENING Disney Pixar Lightning McQueen kids video Ryan ToysReview"
"Ryan ToysReview" took off. Views started doubling every month. In January of 2016, they hit 1 million subscribers. A year later, they had more than 5 million. Now, he's at more than 10 million subscribers and over 16 million views.
In June, TubeFilter ranked "Ryan ToysReview" as the most viewed YouTube channel in the U.S. for the 40th week in a row. In September, NBA player Kevin Durant was featured in one of Ryan's videos performing a children's science experiment.
Ryan's popularity makes perfect sense. He's got every small kid's dream job, opening toys and playing with them, day after day. He's smiley, too, totally non-threatening to parents and children alike. No bad words. No preachy banter. He's a miniature Mister Rogers but without the sweater and slippers.
In their most popular video, published April 13, 2016, Ryan's mother films them as they crawl through an inflatable water slide, searching for giant Easter eggs. They crack open each one to find various toys inside.
"It's lighting McQueen!" they say excitedly as they open one to find a toy car from the Disney movie "Cars." And wow, in another there's a character from "Paw Patrol," in another, there's Spider-Man.
"I bet there's a bad guy in there," they say, gesturing at one of the uncracked eggs. "Who do you think it is, kids?"
They spend much of the rest of the video tossing the toys down the water slide, playing with them in an inflatable pool.
Ryan's got great timing too. They specialize in the slow reveal, like the opening of those eggs, and in surprise.
Of their 30 most popular videos, more than half include the word "SURPRISE" in all caps in the titles: "GIANT EGG SURPRISE," "HUGE EGGS SURPRISE TOYS CHALLENGE," "BALLOON POP SURPRISE," "SURPRISE TOYS Giant Ball Pit Challenge."
There's no overthinking, no "why is this toy better than another," no analysis, something adults describing "Ryan ToysReview" just can't resist.
The channel was described by Verge as "a mash-up of personal vlog and "unboxing" video, a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism."
"Unboxing" refers to one of today's oddest and most lucrative genres on YouTube. The videos are exactly what they sound like: footage of people opening packages of newly purchased items, the latest Apple devices, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, as The Washington Post's Robin Givhan explained.
Each time someone clicks on one of Ryan's videos, their family makes money. There are ads and links to ads all over the place.
Ryan has real impact.
"If a product gets ten million, twenty millions views, and you see that Ryan loves it, or other kids love it, it has a huge impact at retail," Jim Silver, CEO of the review site Toys, Tots, Pets, and More, told the Verge when Ryan was still 5 years old. "He's really the youngest success that we've seen. Most of the time the kids were in the six-plus range, just because of the vocabulary and the maturity to do a review."
Their parents told TubeFilter in September of last year that 99 per cent of the channel's videos aren't branded. At the time, the parents said they paid for all of the toys that Ryan reviewed. It's unclear how many toys they currently reviews are sent to them by sponsors, but their video descriptions often include dozens of links to name-brand items. According to their channel's "about" page, the family donates most of the toys to charity after Ryan reviews them.
Many videos include Ryan doing things other than playing with toys. They show them going to get a haircut, playing hide and seek in a hotel, and attending their twin siblings' birthday party.
"We post a new video every day, and we typically film two to three videos at a time two to three times per week," their mom told TubeFilter. "We try not to interfere with Ryan's pre-pre-school schedule, so a majority of the filming takes place during the weekend, and then we'll edit while he's in school."
But even with just a few daily snippets of Ryan's routine, their viewers can virtually insert themselves in their life. And for some young kids, the line is blurred between what's real and what's simply a part of Ryan's videos.
"My 5-year-old EATS THIS STUFF UP!" one mother, Lindsay Weiss, wrote in a blog post titled "Ryan's Toy Review may be the death of me."
"It is literally the only thing they watch on YouTube and the other day I caught them talking back to Ryan telling them they had missed an important feature in the new game 'Don't Wake Daddy.'"
"Honey, you know Ryan can't hear you, right?" Weiss said they told them son.
"He doesn't need to hear me, Mama," their son responded, Weiss wrote. "He just KNOWS."
"I also have Ryan to thank for the THIRTEEN games my kiddo got for their birthday last week," Weiss added. "That's right. My kid got THIRTEEN games for their birthday. All courtesy of seeing Ryan play the games and squeal with delight."
Other parents have left scores of messages on Ryan's YouTube channel, thanking them and their parents, saying their kids sometimes watch their videos for hours a day.
"My son is autistic," one parent wrote. "Your videos are helping them to speak, use their imagination, and properly use toys! They enjoy these videos several times a day and i would just love to say thank you!"
"hey Ryan ToysReview hi there," another parent wrote. "my 3yr old kid Ashaz loves watching your videos. They want to say hi n says you are their small brother lol ... we are from India and best wishes from all of us."
"Ryan, my boy loves your toys reviews, every day they watch your videos," one mother posted. "Today they asked me 'mom, when we gonna visit Ryan?', I told them that is not possible because we live in different countries, maybe when you will grow :)"
The greatest testament comes from the children themselves though.
"hello Ryan," one of them wrote recently. " ... i am 5 years old i am in my dad's account how old are you also i love your videos."
AMHERST, Mass. — Luwane Pipkins drilled a controversial 3-pointer in the final minute of the second overtime period and Unique McLean added a late jumper as Massachusetts held off Dayton in an Atlantic 10 battle, 86-82 on Saturday afternoon, snapping a five-game losing streak.
Pipkins came up with a loose ball after a scramble and launched their shot as the shot clock expired. Officials counted the trey, but photos show the ball on Pipkins' fingers as the shot clock hit zero.
Josh Cunningham scored at the basket twice to get the Flyers even at 81-81 with 1:29 to play, but Pipkins hit from deep with :55 left. Cunningham hit the second of two free throws seconds later to get Dayton within two, but McLean made it a two-possession lead with :12 left.
Pipkins hit 6 of 13 from distance and finished with 28 points for UMass (11-13, 4-7). C.J. Anderson added 17 points and Carl Pierre and Malik Hines contributed 15 and 14 points, respectively while McLean pulled down 11 rebounds.
FILE PHOTO: Apr 3, 2016; Rancho Mirage, CA, USA; Ariya Jutanugarn tees off on the 13th hole during the final round of the ANA Inspiration tournament at Mission Hills CC - Dinah Shore Tournament Course. Kelvin Kuo-USA TODAY Sports -
FILE PHOTO: Apr 3, 2016; Rancho Mirage, CA, USA; Lydia Ko looks at the green on the 12th hole during the final round of the ANA Inspiration tournament at Mission Hills CC - Dinah Shore Tournament Course. Kelvin Kuo-USA TODAY Sports
RANCHO MIRAGE, California The first major of the women's golf season could lead to a changing of the guard at the top of the rankings at the ANA Inspiration at Mission Hills Country Club starting on Thursday.
Teen sensation Lydia Ko has held the top spot for 75 consecutive weeks but the New Zealander could be supplanted by Thai Ariya Jutanugarn, who they pipped last year to win their second major.
Jutanugarn, who bogeyed the last three holes and was overtaken by the charging Ko, can leapfrog the New Zealander with a win should the 19 year old finish fifth or worse.
The Thai won five titles last year including a major to become Player of the Year, and it was the one that got away that started it all for them
"I learn from this tournament, like I know how to play under the pressure," Jutanugarn, 21, told reporters on Wednesday.
"We talk about the last few holes a lot because sometimes I do have bad memories of last year. But to me it's not that hard anymore," the Thai said. "After that tournament, I just said 'OK, just go have fun.'"
Neither Ko nor Jutanugarn have won yet this year and there are many contenders in the women's game, where there have been five different winners from five different countries in the last five majors.
Chun In-gee of South Korea won at the 2016 Evian, Jutanugarn ruled the Women's British Open, American Brittany Lang triumphed at the U.S. Women's Open, Canada's Brooke Henderson took the Women's PGA, and Ko claimed the ANA Inspiration.
Ko, who at 19 has amassed 14 LPGA titles including two majors, has been struggling with the putter and last week at the Kia Classic missed just their second cut in 95 career starts and has not won an LPGA event since July.
"I'm not coming in with fantastic momentum," said Ko, who has changed coaches, golf clubs and caddies this off season.
"But every day is a new day and every week is a new week. I'm just going to try and enjoy it out there."
Ko will be paired with two-times Mission Hills winner Brittany Lincicome, while Jutanugarn, who has two seconds and a third this year, will tee off with veteran Cristie Kerr.
Conditions are firmer than in the recent past and gusty winds are forecast to test the players in the opening round, which suits Stacy Lewis, the 2011 ANA Inspiration winner and a playoff loser to Lincicome in 2015.
"It should be played firm and fast, where you have to worry about how far your drive is going," said the American. "It's a major. It should be hard."
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
RILEY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a Kansas teen for possible sexting charges.
According to the police, they filed a report for aggravated unlawful transmission of a visual depiction of a child.
On Thursday a 13-year-old boy in Manhattan allegedly sent pictures of themselves to a 10-year-old girl, according the Riley County Police incident report.
Authorities did not release details on the relationship between the children or their names.
Due to the nature of the crime reported, police released no additional early Friday.
April 5 Hamborner Reit Ag
* Changes in portfolio at end of first quarter
* Is reporting further growth in its portfolio as at end of Q1 of 2017
* Ownership of two large-scale retail properties has been transferred to hamborner - "Market Oberfranken" in Hallstadt/Bamberg and "Kaufland" in Berlin-Marzahn
* Purchase price is 40.5 million euros ($43.22 million)
* Purchase contract for "Market Oberfranken", which has a rental area of around 21,800 square metres, was signed in early February 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In Friday night's sportscast.....
Justin Tillman scored 22 points and Sean Mobley added 15 more, but it wasn't enough to stop A-10 leading Rhode Island's now 14 game winning streak as Rhody remained unbeated in conference with an 81-68 win.
E.C. Matthews led URI with 18 and Jared Terrell added 16, while Rhody outrebounded VCU 47-31 and had a 26-6 advantage in second chance points.
Next up for VCU is a road trip across town to Richmond where they will take on the Spiders next Wednesday night.
As for Richmond, they host George Mason Saturday afternoon, and will be looking to stop a 5 game slide against the Patriots.
In the East End, Varina improves to 17-2 overall with a 63-41 win over Highland Springs
March 28 Aucnet Inc:
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on March 29, 2017, under the symbol "3964"
* In its initial public offering, the company will offer a total of 4,820,000 common shares, comprised of newly issued 2,200,000 shares and privately held 2,620,000 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 1,070 yen per share with total offering amount will be 5.16 billion yen, and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* Nomura Securities Co Ltd, Mizuho Securities Co Ltd and Ace Securities Co Ltd included six securities companies will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/V3Oj9e
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ESCONDIDO, Calif. -- A retired security guard was behind bars Monday for allegedly murdering a retiree in northern San Diego County more than three decades ago, according to KSWB.
“A promise was made 32 years ago by the daughter of the decedent, that we would find and bring the killer to justice and that's happened,” said Escondido Police Chief Craig Carter. Nathan Eugene Mathis, 62, was arrested last week at their Ontario home in connection with the fatal stabbing of 75-year-old Richard Finney of Escondido, according to police.
On the morning of Nov. 13, 1986, Finney was found stabbed to death in their living-room chair at the East Mission Avenue apartment where they lived by himself, Lt. Ed Varso said. Money, jewelry and other miscellaneous items belonging to the victim had been stolen.
Detectives who initially investigated the homicide collected evidence at the crime scene, including two knives used in the deadly assault, fingerprints and blood. They were unable to identify a suspect, however, and the case eventually went cold, the lieutenant said.
In 2007, Escondido Police Department cold-case homicide investigators Chuck Gaylor and Norman Wight reopened the investigation.
"Technological advances not available in 1986 allowed them to have further testing completed on the previously collected blood evidence," Varso said. "The testing revealed the DNA profile of a potential suspect."
The newly obtained information was compared with known genetic profiles in a national database but resulted in no matches.
It's incredibly frustrating because having a bloody palm print with two DNA profiles, suspect and victim's blood on this blood print it's basically having the silver bullet for a case,” said Retired Escondido Police Sgt. Chuck Gaylor.
In 2016, EPD forensic fingerprint expert Cassaundra Barnes used new technology that allowed for a better quality photograph of a fingerprint collected from Finney's apartment. The improved image, in combination with advances in fingerprint comparison databases and comparisons of Mathis' DNA with the genetic material collected from Finney's apartment in 1986, led to Mathis' identification as a suspect in the case.
Mathis was booked into county jail in Vista, where they are being held on a $3 million bail.
“The victim is deceased, they were stabbed to death 31 times and now you have a mixture of their blood along with the suspect's. So it's frustrating in the sense that until you can get a name to compare absent making a hit through CODIS, you just have to wait, and be persistent,” said Gaylor.
The motive for the slaying remains unclear, the lieutenant said. Though Mathis lived in northern San Diego County at the time, there is no evidence that they knew the victim or had met them prior to the homicide, according to Varso.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. – A South Carolina woman says their new hair dryer turned into a “blowtorch” after flames shot out when they turned it on.
Erika Shoolbred, of Spartanburg, posted about the “hair frier” on Facebook Monday, saying they had received the item through Amazon.
The post read, “Talk about a bad hair day! My new hair dryer (more like hair frier) from OraCorp on Amazon.com became a blow torch on its first use this morning.”
The dryer left a small burn on their hand and produced a bad smell in their bathroom.
Shoolbred wrote that Amazon has refunded their money, but said she's still “a bit shaken”:
“The dryer would not turn off. The off on the switch only made it more torchy. I knew I would have to get it submerged in water but first I had to pull the cord from the wall. That's when I burned my hand. I then was shocked after pulling it from the wall that it still flamed up. I then ran it under the sink. I was fearful my smoke alarm would engage so I opened windows. My bathroom was like a fog and still smells.”
Amazon has since pulled the item from its website, but neither OraCorp nor Amazon returned requests for comment, according to Newsweek.
You and Idris make a good match, but you both really seemed to get along with the dog in the film. That pooch has so much personality.
They were wonderful, actually, and their name is Riley. They were just terrific. They were very sweet and wanted to be everybody's friend, so they had a lovely disposition, in terms of being a companion, which is of course what a dog is supposed to be and what that dog in the film is supposed to be. And they really are that. I developed my own way of communicating with him. I could really get them to totally do things, just by talking to him. And just having them trust me was really wonderful . . . although Idris kept saying (if the situation were real), “I so would have eaten this animal by now!”
Was the cougar in the film real or CGI? It certainly looks real.
The cougar was real. We had three different cougars and I was in the space with the cougar, but they did have to use — for insurance purposes, which I was really bummed out about, actually — they did have to use a double for the back of my head for the shots when the cougar is actually coming into the plane. But the cougar did come into the plane. It was all very, very real.
It sounds like being an actor is a lot harder than people might think.
I do find it really hard, actually. I do still find it really hard, but that's why I love it. Because it's not just the challenge, it's the absolute commitment to not f---ing up that you have to make on a daily basis. You have to. And sometimes you do f--- up, and sometimes you might pick a good card, and not f--- up at all, and somehow that thing that you didn't f---up makes it into the movie, God willing.
This interview was edited and condensed.
Wonder Wheel's ‘white-knuckle ride'
Kate Winslet's new movie, The Mountain Between Us, has people talking about their willingness to work in a very tough physical environment.
But people are also talking, and making Oscar predictions about, their work in their other 2017 film: Woody Allen's Wonder Wheel, which reportedly made a lot of emotional demands. They wrapped Wonder Wheel just three weeks before heading to Vancouver and the Rockies to make their current movie, the shortest gap she's ever had between films.
Wonder Wheel is set in the Coney Island of the 1950s, with Winslet playing Ginny, the bored wife of carousel operator Humpty (Jim Belushi). They fall for handsome lifeguard Mickey (Justin Timberlake). Things really get complicated when Humpty's estranged daughter Carolina (Juno Temple) shows up, and also shows interest in Mickey.
Wonder Wheel doesn't open until December — although it closes the New York Film Festival on Oct. 14 — and there's one scene in particular that Hollywood insiders have been buzzing about as Winslet's ticket to another Oscar nomination. That would be the eighth of their career, with one win for Best Actress (The Reader).
Winslet says she's not sure exactly which Wonder Wheel scene it is that people are talking about, but they have a good hunch:
“There is a quite pivotal scene between myself and Justin Timberlake where my character Ginny gives them a gift which they do not know how to accept. Ginny really believes that he's going to be brought to their knees with gratitude and overwhelmed with thanks and surprised by this generous extraordinary gesture that they make. They just doesn't receive it in that way, and it does make Ginny respond in a very loud, irrational, hotheaded manner. That's how I can describe it.”
The whole film was quite the ride, they say, more so than they expected.
“Making Wonder Wheel was definitely, I think, the most emotionally and psychologically stressful I've probably played, and it's difficult to talk about it without sounding like one of those a--hole actors who talk about their craft. It's so hard to describe it, but just the sheer volume of dialogue and the size of the character that I was playing was enough to make me feel like I was on a white-knuckle ride for the entire shoot.
“It was just extremely full-on, and we shot a lot every day. True to Woody Allen form, we shot almost everything in one long continuous take, and sometimes that's 13 pages of dialogue, with almost entirely myself talking. It's the most exhilarating feeling in the world when it all comes together and when it actually works.”
Winslet is the main character on the poster for Wonder Wheel, the trailer for which dropped this week.
LOCAL STOCKS jumped to their fourth straight day of gains on Wednesday as investors continued to search for bargains given the main index's historically low valuation.
The benchmark Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) climbed 1.11% or 81.08 points to 7,348.42. The broader all-shares index likewise rallied 1% or 44.21 points to 4,454.04.
“I think it's primarily driven by broad bargain hunting since the index is already trading at the low end of its historical valuation range. Investors might have also positioned in anticipation of a positive inflation release [today],” China Bank Securities Corp. Research Director Garie G. Ouano said in a text message.
This is the first time the PSEi managed to stay in positive territory for four consecutive sessions since February, when the market was trading around the 8,600 level.
“Potential inflation surprises notwithstanding, I do think the rally is sustainable since the index is cheap already and a lot of the risks previously seen are short-term in nature,” Mr. Ouano said.
Investors are also waiting for inflation figures to be released Thursday, July 5. The central bank projected inflation to have accelerated by 4.3-5.1% last June, lower than the target range of 4.6-5.4% in May. Meanwhile, the Department of Finance said inflation likely reached a fresh five-year high of 4.9%.
“Many analysts are also still a bit cautious as well, awaiting the latest inflation report, which comes out (on Thursday). A lot are pointing that this would hit much higher than the 4.6% recorded for May,” Regina Capital Development Corp. Managing Director Luis A. Limlingan said in a mobile message.
The mining and oil sector was the lone sub-index that suffered a loss Wednesday, July 4, giving up 0.43% or 42.18 points to 9,669.62.
Services led advancers as the counter soared 1.92% or 26.83 points to 1,418.27, followed by property with an increase of 1.74% or 62.24 points to 3,625.24. Holding firms went up 0.99% or 71.59 points to 7,252.76; financials rose 0.61% or 10.98 points to 1,798.59, while industrials climbed 0.17% or 18.40 points to 10,465.87.
Some 590.89 million issues switched hands, resulting in a turnover of P4.94 billion, slightly higher than the P4.78-billion turnover on Tuesday.
The market saw an equal number of advancers and decliners at 100 stocks each, while 56 names ended flat.
Investors continued to pick up select large cap stocks. Shares in SM Investments Corp. were the most actively traded resulting in a 1.09% increase to P925 each. Ayala Corp. followed with a rise of 1.42% to P928 apiece, while SM Prime Holdings, Inc.'s shares gained 2.78% to P37 each.
Meanwhile, Wall Street indices closed lower Wednesday, July 4 on the back of thin trading ahead of the Fourth of July holiday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average went down 0.54% or 132.36 points to 24,174.82, while the Nasdaq Composite index slowed 0.86% to 7,502.67. The S&P 500 index also closed 0.49% lower to 2,713.22. — Arra B. Francia
"We have the tools to do that for 40 minutes," California coach Lindsay Gottlieb said, "but I think Oregon hitting a couple shots took us out of that mentality, and you can't do that against them.
"Any time Oregon found a little crack and scored, it took the wind out of us a little bit and didn't allow us to do it the high level we needed."
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points. They also turned 13 turnovers into 21 points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 per cent. The Golden Bears shot just 21 of 55 for 38.2 per cent.
"They were more disruptive defensively than I expected and used their length really well," Gottlieb said.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Oregon likely needs a sweep by beating No. 24 Stanford to keep its No. 6 ranking, highest in school history. The Ducks have been in the top 10 for 12 consecutive weeks.
California will have to snap a six-game losing streak to Oregon State to hang on to its No. 25 ranking.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
Oregon topped its season averages for points (91), shooting percentage (51.5), 3-point percentage (47.4) and assists (23). The Ducks rank in the top 10 nationally in all four categories.
They SAID IT
Gottlieb was the latest coach to come away impressed with Ionescu, the sophomore who leads the Pac-12 in scoring (19.8 ppg) and assists (7.7). "Sabrina has an uncanny ability to make everyone around them better and make the offence flow," Gottlieb said. "They have other good players as well who knocked down shots, but they put a lot of pressure on your defence, and their team responds to that."
UP NEXT
California: Plays at No. 16 Oregon State on Sunday.
Oregon: Hosts No. 24 Stanford on Sunday.
By The Associated Press
U.S. Senate backs legislation to slap new sanctions on Russia
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday for new sanctions punishing Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and to force President Donald Trump to get Congress' approval before easing any existing sanctions.
ROUBAIX, France Belgium's Olympic champion Greg Van Avermaet claimed their first 'Monument' title in the Paris-Roubaix classic, battling through early setbacks and keeping their cool in the velodrome finale to win a five-man sprint on Sunday.
BMC rider Van Avermaet leapfrogged Czech Zdenek Stybar (Quick Step Floors) on the final straight in the famed outdoor velodrome in Roubaix after 257km featuring 55km of cobbled sections.
Dutchman Sebastian Langeveld (Cannondale Drapac) finished third.
Belgium's four-time champion Tom Boonen, chasing a record-breaking fifth title, ended their glittering career in their beloved race in 13th after being in contention for most of the afternoon as the peloton rode through clouds of dust in northern France.
"I suffered a lot but when you win you forget everything. Stybar did not work with us in the finale but I felt strong," said Van Avermaet, their face covered in dust and sweat.
It had been a hell of a day for Van Avermaet in the race famed as 'The Hell of the North' as they came close to dropping out of contention early on and looked far from likely to better their fourth place of 2013 and third place in 2015.
They were caught up behind a crash just ahead of the demanding Trouee d'Arenberg cobbled section 95km from the line and had to change bikes but they fought their way back to the main pack.
They then benefited from precious help from Italian teammate Daniel Oss, who rode themselves into the ground as their leader and others broke clear some 35km from the finish.
Van Avermaet accelerated in the much feared Carrefour de l'Arbre cobbled sector, 14.5km from the finish line, to skim the leading pack down to three.
Van Avermaet, Langeveld and Stybar played mind games in the final lap in the Roubaux velodrome, so much that chasers Gianni Moscon of Italy (Team Sky) and Belgian Jasper Stuyven (Trek Segafredo) caught them with about 200 metres left.
Stybar launched the sprint a tad too early, allowing Van Avermaet, who finished last weekend's Tour of Flanders in second position, to win with seeming ease.
Stybar started the race, also known as the 'Queen of the Classics', as one of former world champion Boonen's lieutenants but they eventually proved the main challenger in their team.
"It's disappointing because we did everything for Tom," said Stybar.
"At the end of the day I was in a position to win the race but we worked very early in the race with all these groups riding away."
Boonen, the 2005, 2008, 2009 and 2012 champion, as well as world champion Peter Sagan, of Slovakia, and 2014 champion John Degenkolb of Germany, were not able to follow when Van Avermaet and others jumped away from the main group.
Sagan, who suffered two punctures, dropped out of contention when they cracked 30km from the finish.
Dutchman Niki Terpstra, the 2014 champion, abandoned 106km from the line shortly after suffering a heavy tumble.
Paris-Roubaix is the third of five 'Monument' one-day races on the calendar after Milan-San Remo and the Tour of Flanders, before Liege-Bastogne-Liege and the Tour of Lombardy.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Ian Chadband)
My malaise passed. But I didn't. I left university without a degree and I still don't understand why I, who luckily made a success of writing for a living, couldn't cope with getting an unremarkable B.A. I'm sure they are still waiting for my Poli Sci 201 essay.
I was anxious, but not even clinically so. In going away to school, I had stepped away from a somewhat challenging family life, which seemed even more vivid to me from a distance, as if my real job was to sit still and review it.
I couldn't figure out where I fit in. This was in a time in which there was no social media, little pressure to succeed, and no lack of opportunity to do what you wanted with your life.
Now think of today, where childhood is a bit of a boot camp for success, social media tells you every day who is having a better life than you and professional opportunities for graduates no longer abound.
Think of today, in which stakeholder parents "invest" so much in their kids, emotionally and financially, that kids not only know they have to make a success of themselves, but they also have to fight for their autonomy.
Think of today, even of this week, in which generalized anxiety is no longer a metaphor for modern life. It is modern life.
Donna Ferguson, a psychologist who specializes at CAMH in post-traumatic stress disorders and anxiety, said in an interview that a perfectly legitimate question to ask in light of the massacre at a country music festival in Las Vegas is "Can I go to a concert and even be safe?"
One headline from last spring on the CBC website said this: "Ontario campus counsellors say they're drowning in mental-health needs." They still are. Some describe it as a "tsunami."
Ferguson doesn't have any miracle cures for anxiety. For some it is genetic, for some environmental and for some a passing moment that would be helped by quick counselling or even just by having someone close to talk to.
Ferguson's big worry is wait times. "We can't have them on waiting lists." They say they get calls frequently from universities who need help fast for particular students. "I take them into my practice or I find a colleague who will see them."
Ferguson takes part in mental health initiatives such as Bell's "Let's Talk" but they think these campaigns should happen more frequently.
You can't talk about mental health enough these days, at school and in the workplace, where adults far removed from student life suffer both from anxiety or depression, and from the stigma around it.
How do you build a kid who will be resilient in the face of anxiety? All the usual things. You help them become independent, encourage them to work while in their teens -- "I started babysitting when I was 11," Ferguson says.
And you do the most important thing of all. You listen.
Thanksgiving is here. Kids will be coming home, many of them burbling with enthusiasm about courses and campus life.
But some will be very quiet. They may not be able to say specifically what's wrong, but if they say they're not coping, believe them.
A quick response can make the difference "between living and dying," says Ferguson.
Or even just living and thriving.
Toronto Star
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Facebook has filed a patent application for a technology that will automatically detect the users' socio-economic status and segregate them in one of three classes -- working class, middle class or upper class.According to the patent, the social media giant wants to build a system that collects users' personal data, such as education, homeownership and internet usage, in order to predict their socio-economic status, Dailymail reported on Saturday.The patent, that was made public on Friday, suggested an algorithm that might improve Facebook's targeting capabilities, helping it serve up more relevant advertisements to users."By predicting the socio-economic groups of users, [Facebook] is able to help the third party present sponsored content to the target users," the patent read."Third parties are able to effectively promote their products or services, and the online system can provide a more engaging user experience to users," it added.Facebook would ask the users what is their age and from there, it would throw questions that would be seemingly relevant to users of that age group."In the filing, 20 to 30-year-olds are asked how many Internet devices they own, while 30 to 40-year-olds are asked whether or not they own a house," the report said.However, it is still unclear if the patent will ever actually be used for user targeting.The social media giant might also consider other information like a person's travel history, what kinds of devices the user owns, how many Internet-connected devices they own and what their highest level of education is, to know the socio-economic status.Interestingly, Facebook has skipped the income question acknowledging that users might not be comfortable telling about how much they earn per year, the report said."Online systems often do not have information about the income of users, for example, because the users are typically not inclined to share income information, which may be sensitive information, on online systems," the daily quoted the patent as saying.Facebook could also refer to the "actions performed by the user on Facebook."
Screenshot from a video provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows an astute seal seeks shelter on the swim grid of a tourist boat in Frederick Arm, north of Campbell River.
A seal escaped the jaws of hungry orcas by hitching a ride on a nearby tourist vessel on July 1, and the encounter was caught on video.
A pod of transient orcas were hunting the harbour seal in Frederick Arm, an inlet north of Campbell River, when the savvy animal swam up to the boat and climbed aboard.
Footage provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows the worried-looking seal hiding behind the boat's outboard motor on the swim grid, a low platform at the stern of the vessel.
The clever seal occasionally glances up at passengers aboard the 26-foot boat. But it's mostly focused on its hungry hunters, which circulate below and breach menacingly just meters away.
The boat eventually navigated away from the scene, and the seal slipped away.
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
___
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
— The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
— Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (centre Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
— Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
— Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
Comptel has revealed its My Digital Moments blueprint for enabling personalised digital customer journeys to help communications service providers' (CSPs) in their quests to improve customer experience. The blueprint includes a self-service mobile application that provides insight, engagement and control over how customers consume digital services and gives operators a direct line to offer customised and relevant digital offerings.
Customers are demanding more from their CSPs in terms of visibility, control and personalisation of mobile offers increasing the pressure on CSPs to differentiate themselves on customer service. My Digital Moments are supported by Comptel's suites of software products. Real-time usage monitoring and intelligence from Comptel's Fastermind suite supports timely contextual offer recommendations, enabling fast and easy customer engagement logic creation. The company's Monetizer suite puts full control in the hands of CSPs with its agile and simple monetisation of diverse data plans, provided by a common user interface.
“With a new generation of mobile-first customers who demand personalisation, control and instant gratification, it is no surprise that the customer experience has become the new battleground for telcos,” said Niilo Fredrikson, the executive vice president of Intelligent Data at Comptel. “Operators can create value by delivering the tools and visibility customers need to build their own personal digital ecosystem. By enhancing the analysis with our partner's Vedicis network data intelligence, and a direct line to the customers, telcos are fully equipped to determine the best way to target and address customers' needs in the right context, at the right time.”
With support from network data intelligence provider Vedicis, My Digital Moments present several value-driving possibilities for operators looking to transform their customer engagement. Vedicis' platform provides visibility into customer usage by analysing in-depth IP traffic and generating useful data in real-time to feed partner solutions like My Digital Moments.
“As the cost of transporting IP traffic exceeds the revenue figures for broadband business, telcos have to regain control of their IP networks with constant, custom analysis and new data services,” said Théodore Martin, the chief executive of Vedicis. “We are pleased to be working with Comptel to help design a future-proof solution that addresses the most sophisticated telco requirements for accurate traffic details and controls per customer to drive toward NFV, cloud and cost-effectiveness.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Back-to-school shopping can be an exciting time for students looking to find the perfect wardrobe to kick off the new school year.
CBS 6 reporter Claudia Rupcich wanted to help a local student, so they teamed up with the YMCA's Great Beginning to surprise the student with a shopping spree for back-to-school clothes.
Rupcich, with the help of Union Bank and Trust, took the 9-year-old girl to Target to find some new outfits in the latest edition of CBS 6 Gives.
“Are you excited… Shopping is the best!” Claudia said.
Amy Astley was the honorary chairperson and Marcella Guarino Hymowitz as chairperson of last night's Youth America Grand Prix's “Stars of Today Meet the Stars of Tomorrow' Gala” at Lincoln Center. Samantha Boardman-Rosen, Colby Mugrabi, Candice Jordan Miller, Ashley Olsen, Mary Kate Olsen, Lesley Thompson Vecsler all served as co-chairs.
CBS's Keltie Knight welcomed guests to the performance from the stage of the David H. Koch Theater where young dancers, age 9 to 19, who participated in YAGP's international ballet auditions (stars of tomorrow) danced alongside today's greatest artists (stars of today) including Svetlana Lunkina and Evan McKie (National Ballet of Canada), Tamara Rojo and Cesar Corrales (English National Ballet), Skylar Brandt and Gabe Stone Shayer (American Ballet Theatre), and Tiler Peck and Zachary Catazaro (New York City Ballet).
Dinner and dancing followed on the promenade with guests including Chelsea Clinton and Marc Mezvinsky, Woody Allen and Soon-Yi Previn, Karen and Richard LeFrak, Nicky Hilton Rothschild, Fernando Garcia, Tony and October Gonzalez, Donny Deutsch, Cece Cord, Julio Bocca, Irene Shen, Bruce Marks, Deeda Blair, Olivier Sarkozy, Marcelo Gomes, Margot London, Harrison LeFrak, Paloma Herrera, Judith M. Hoffman, Maria-Cristina Anzola and John Heimann, Tico Mugrabi, Rachel Feinstein, Linda K. Morse (YAGP chairperson) and gala vice chairs Christina Lyon, B Michael, Suzanne Dance, and Dr. Shirley Madhère-Weil.
Gala photos by Annie Watt Agency and Presley Ann/ Patrick McMullan. Performance photos by VAM Productions.
CARBONDALE, Ill. — Kavion Pippen scored 21 points and Armon Fletcher's go-ahead 3-pointer from the left baseline helped propel Southern Illinois to a 65-59 win over Valparaiso on Saturday night.
Fletcher's lone 3 of the night broke a 59-all tie with 44 seconds left, Tyler Smithpeters added two foul shots and Fletcher made 1 of 2 to close out the game. Fletcher finished with 12 points. Tevonn Walker made a pair of free throws with 2:21 to go that gave the Crusaders a 59-56 lead but Valpo never scored again, missing its last five shots. Pippen, who shot 9 of 11 from the field, tied it with 2:10 to go with a 3-point play.
Valpo lead 31-25 at halftime before Southern Illinois (16-9, 8-4 Missouri Valley Conference) outscored the Crusaders 16-10 in the first 7 1/2 minutes after the break and tied it at 41.
Walker led the Crusaders (12-13, 3-9) with 16 points and Bakari Evelyn and Markus Golder each scored 13.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Motif Bio Plc:
* MOTIF BIO PLC - ‍ROBERT DICKEY IV HAS INFORMED COMPANY OF Their INTENTION TO RESIGN FROM Their ROLE AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER​
* MOTIF BIO PLC - SEARCH PROCESS FOR NEW CFO HAS COMMENCED; JONATHAN GOLD, CURRENTLY NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF CO, HAS AGREED TO SERVE AS INTERIM CFO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
JOHANNESBURG Anglo American (AAL.L) will sell its Eskom-linked thermal coal operations in South Africa for $166 million (133.47 million pounds), it said on Monday, marking an important step in the mining giant's strategic overhaul to sharpen its focus on three commodities.
The mines, along with four closed collieries, have a supply agreement with Eskom, [ESCJ.UL] under which South Africa's sole power utility paid for their running costs in exchange for guaranteed coal supply at a pre-set price.
Anglo, which is also listed in Johannesburg (AGLJ.J), said it will sell the assets -- New Vaal, New Denmark and Kriel collieries -- to Seriti Resources Holdings, which is led by Mike Teke, president of the Chamber of Mines industry lobby group.
Hit hard by a slump in commodity prices in 2015, Anglo launched a sweeping overhaul to slim down its portfolio and focus on diamonds, platinum and copper.
"This transaction forms part of our ongoing commitment to reshape and upgrade our global asset portfolio," Chief Executive Mark Cutifani said in a statement.
Shares in the company rose more than 3 percent and 1 percent in Johannesburg and London respectively. The stock was among the to performers on Britain's benchmark FTSE 100 index .FTSE.
The sale is subject to regulatory approval and consent from Eskom for the transfer of the coal supply agreement, with Anglo saying that it expects the deal to close by year-end.
However, completion could be delayed by negotiations with Eskom, which is likely to want a cut of any sale proceeds, arguing that it owns much of the operating assets and mining infrastructure while Anglo owns the mining permit.
"For Eskom the main issue still remains the ownership of the assets because we believe we are part owners of the mines," Eskom spokesperson Khulu Phasiwe said. "We would like to get finality on the ownership issue."
Anglo America South Africa's deputy chairperson, Norman Mbazima, said their company would hold discussions with Eskom to finalise some of the issues it has raised but did not specify what the issues were.
Seriti Resources boss Teke, a school teacher by profession, said the proposed sale is an important milestone in their company's efforts to become a "black-owned South African mining champion".
The company, which is 79 percent-owned by black stakeholders, has also expressed interest in buying Anglo's New Largo project. The mine is under development to supply Eskom's new Kusile power plant over a 47-year period, Teke said.
"We are interested in building a massive mining company in this country. The story doesn't end here with these assets and if there's an opportunity that comes beyond this, and Anglo is selling, we will explore that possibility," they said.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru and Tiisetso Motsoeneng in Johannesburg; Editing by Keith Weir and David Goodman)
Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic thinks Tottenham Hotspur will take the race for the Premier League title right down to the wire, making the run-in far more difficult for the West London club than it was two years ago.
Antonio Conte's side beat Everton 3-0 at Goodison on Sunday but Spurs extended their league winning streak to nine games by downing Arsenal 2-0 in the North London derby to remain four points behind with games remaining.
In the 2014-15 season, Chelsea and Manchester City were level at the top in January but City faded to finish fourth well behind the champions.
Serbian Matic does not expect any similar reprieve in this campaign.
"I think this year is more difficult," they told London's Evening Standard.
"We finished 2015 eight points clear of Man City. I'm not sure this will be the case with Tottenham.
"I'm sure they will not give up until end of the season. At this moment it's hard, but we will see. Each time we win, they win, two years ago that was not the case."
Chelsea faces the bottom two clubs in the league as well as West Bromwich Albion and Watford in their four remaining games.
Tottenham travels to West Ham United and host Manchester United before taking on champions Leicester City and ending their season at Hull City.
"This season is hard. We win and Tottenham win, they are always close," Matic added.
"But the important thing is that we are playing well, we take points and we will see if they can drop some points
"They have some difficult games, home and away, so everything is open until the end."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at a campaign event in Bristol, Britain May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party has a wider lead over the opposition Labour Party than a week ago, an opinion poll published by research firm Kantar showed on Wednesday ahead of a national election on June 8.
The online poll gave the Conservatives 48 percent support, up two percentage points from Kantar's previous poll published last week, while support for Labour was unchanged at 24 percent.
The Liberal Democrats stood at 11 percent, the same as in the previous poll, while the UK Independence Party's support fell by a point to 7 percent.
The fieldwork for the Kantar poll was conducted between April 27 and May 2 and 1,205 people took part.
(Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Kate Holton)
Smiths fans are in for a treat at The Diamond in Sutton-in-Ashfield on Friday, June 1, when The Smiths United play their tribute show to the music of the much-loved Mancunian quartet.
Entry to the Stoney Street venue is members £6 and non members £7.50.
On Saturday, June 2, A Foreigner's Journey perform their tribute to the music of both Foreigner and Journey. Entry is members £7.50/non members £9.
Finally, on Sunday, June 3, it's the turn of Iconic Eye with support from Helen Hurd and the Mavericks. Entry is members £6/non members £7.50.
For more, see www.thediamonduk.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Jiangsu Nanfang Medical Co Ltd
* Says it will dissolve a Jiangsu-based wholly owned biotechnology unit
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/J8B7vA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds oil settlement prices)
* U.S. weekly jobless claims drop to two-year low
* Traders await summit, U.S. non-farm payrolls data
* Crude rises despite bearish inventory data
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, April 6 Global equity markets and the dollar edged higher on Thursday, helped by fresh data showing a tighter U.S. labor market, as investors stayed cautious before the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Key stock indexes in Europe and on Wall Street climbed but a gauge of global equities was little changed, with gains offset by a decline in emerging markets.
The dollar index extended gains after data showed new applications last week for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years.
Last week's jobless claims data, however, has little bearing on the March employment report due out on Friday. Claims rose during the survey week for nonfarm payrolls last month, suggesting some moderation in the pace of job growth.
"The market will be very remiss to do anything too sharp at this point, given that we have payrolls coming up," said Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York.
The dollar index rose 0.15 percent, with the euro down 0.18 percent to $1.0643. The Japanese yen weakened 0.21 percent versus the greenback at 110.93 per dollar.
Trump faces pressure to deliver trade concessions with China for some of their most fervent supporters and to prevent a crisis with North Korea from spiraling out of control. However, White House officials have set expectations low for the meeting.
The market's main concern is that Trump and Xi may not see eye-to-eye on most things and that traders will infer this from their body language, said Thierry Albert Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist, at Macquarie Group in New York.
"Rather than a lack of agreement, however, the greater risk is a lack of deep engagement," they said.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 51.75 points, or 0.25 percent, to 20,699.9. The S&P 500 gained 5.89 points, or 0.25 percent, to 2,358.84 and the Nasdaq Composite added 12.22 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,876.69.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed up 0.16 percent to 1,499.94, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe fell 0.06 percent.
Oil prices rose nearly 1 percent, on track for a fourth straight day of gains, but analysts warned record high U.S. inventories could derail the rally.
U.S. crude rose 55 cents to settle at $51.70 a barrel and Brent settled up 53 cents at $54.89.
U.S. Energy Department data show crude inventories at record levels, leading some analysts to say speculative buying is starting to reach dangerous levels from a technical perspective.
"It's hard to justify the move on the on back of fundamentals," said Robert Yawger, director in energy futures at Mizuho.
U.S. Treasury yields fell slightly ahead of the U.S. jobs report on Friday.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were last up 2/32 in price to yield 2.3480 percent.
U.S. gold futures gained 0.39 percent to $1,253.40 an ounce. Copper lost 0.29 percent to $5,878.00 a tonne.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)
At this month's Marion County Commission meeting, County Mayor David Jackson read a statement from District 1 commissioner, Wayne Willis, who resigned their seat on the commission at the March meeting citing health reasons.
The statement said, “With regret, I tender my resignation to the Marion County Commission due to health reasons, effective immediately.”
Willis, who represented District 1 on the commission, resides in South Pittsburg.
Mayor Jackson said Willis was a great commissioner who was easy to work with and asked that others keep them in their prayers. “We are really going to miss him,” said Jackson.
County Attorney, Billy Gouger, says a notice will be posted in local newspapers and anybody in District 1 will be able to sign up for the commission seat. It will then be up to the County Commission to select the person to fill the vacancy left by Willis until the next general election. At that time the person selected can choose to run for election to the seat during the general election along with any others who choose to qualify.
Related
Comments on Facebook
comments
Jakarta residents are being advised to ignore any Idul Fitri holiday bonus (THR) demands from mass organizations.
Jakarta Legal Aid Institute (LBH) lawyer Aprilia Lisa Tangker said residents were not obliged to give the THR to any mass organizations because the law on bonuses only applied to companies.
“Mass organizations can't ask for the THR because they are not employees and can't represent one,” Aprilia told The Jakarta Post on Monday.
“The THR is the obligation of employers and the right of employees,” Aprilia said.
Jakarta Governor Anies Baswedan urged residents to report any mass organization that demanded the THR to the police.
“What is important is that there is no implicit threat when demanding the THR. If they insist, just report them [to the police],” Anies said on Monday.
Anies also urged mass organizations to refrain from asking for the THR.
A letter reportedly from the Betawi Brotherhood Forum's (FBR) Kelapa Gading chapter in North Jakarta was widely circulated on WhatsApp. It demanded that residents of Kelapa Gading in North Jakarta donate money for Idul Fitri.
FBR North Jakarta branch coordinator Yusriah Dzinun denied that the group made demands for Idul Fitri donations from residents and that they knew nothing about the letter. (ami/wit)
LOS ANGELES — Matt Barnes is retiring from the NBA after playing for nine teams over 14 years and winning a championship with Golden State last season.
The 37-year-old small forward hasn't played this season. They posted their retirement announcement on Instagram on Monday.
"Travelled the world met alota cool people, some will be brothers for the rest of my life!" they wrote in part. "But now.... You're telling me I can dress like this for business meetings & make more money off the court than in made on?? & spend more time with my kids??!!Ha... MEEEEE the one that wasn't supposed to be (expletive) & ended up making it!!"
Their post was accompanied by a photo of Barnes in grey sweatpants, a dark T-shirt and denim jacket.
"Love me or hate me, I did it my way!" they wrote.
Last month, Barnes received their NBA championship ring during Golden State's game against Sacramento, which released them last season. They went to high school in the state capital.
"It was an amazing opportunity, a tremendous blessing," they said that night. "I was one of those guys who wasn't supposed to make it in this league."
Barnes had repeat stints with Golden State, Sacramento and the Los Angeles Clippers, for whom they played the longest. They also are with the Lakers, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Orlando and Memphis.
They averaged 8.2 points and 4.6 rebounds during their career. They often came off the bench and was known for their hard-nosed approach.
"He was a physical, tough kid," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said. "He was an instigator to say the least, and as Red Auerbach said every day when I was in Boston, you can never have enough of those."
RICHMOND, Va. – Police are searching for a woman accused of stabbing a man on Richmond's East End Friday night.
Officers were called to a home in the 1600 block of North 30th Street just after 8:15 p.m.
When police arrived, they found man suffering from multiple stab wounds.
The man suffered injuries that were not life-threatening, police said.
The man told officers they knew the woman who stabbed them and police issued a warrant for their arrest.
The star had been ill for a long time, their family said.
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, their family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
Keith Chegwin (Ian West/PA)
A statement from their family said: “We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
“Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side.
“We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
“Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private.”
Chegwin, known as Cheggers, started their career as an actor but became a household name as a TV presenter of shows such as Multi-Coloured Swap Shop, Cheggers Plays Pop and Saturday Superstore.
They made no secret of their battle with alcoholism but staged a comeback in recent years when they were a regular on reality TV.
They took part in Dancing On Ice in 2013 and Celebrity MasterChef and Celebrity Big Brother in 2015, when they came fourth and said that while their experience in the house had been a “nightmare” from beginning to end, they “actually quite enjoyed it”.
© Press Association 2017
A protester wearing a Europen Union flag themed beret takes part in an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter, which was delivered by Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow (not pictured) that gives notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, in Brussels, Belgium, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS The chairperson of the 27 European Union leaders Donald Tusk on Friday presented a draft plan for negotiating Brexit, an unprecedented departure of a member from the bloc.
Please see below the full text of the nine-page document, the so-called "guidelines" of the EU 27 for Brexit talks starting soon.
On 29 March 2017, the European Council has received the notification by the United Kingdom of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and Euratom. This allows for the opening of negotiations as foreseen by the Treaty.
European integration has brought peace and prosperity to Europe and allowed for an unprecedented level and scope of cooperation on matters of common interest in a rapidly changing world. Therefore, the Union's overall objective in these negotiations will be to preserve its interests, those of its Member States, its citizens and its businesses.
The United Kingdom's decision to leave the Union creates significant uncertainties that have the potential to cause disruption, in particular in the UK but also in other Member States. Citizens who have built their lives on the basis of rights flowing from the British membership of the EU face the prospect of losing those rights. Businesses and other stakeholders will lose the predictability and certainty that come with EU law. With this in mind, we must proceed according to a phased approach giving priority to an orderly withdrawal.
In these negotiations the Union will act as one. It will be constructive throughout and will strive to find an agreement. This is in the best interest of both sides. The Union will work hard to achieve that outcome, but it will prepare itself to be able to handle the situation also if the negotiations were to fail.
These guidelines define the framework for negotiations under Article 50 TEU and set out the overall positions and principles that the Union will pursue throughout the negotiation. The European Council will remain permanently seized of the matter, and will update these guidelines in the course of the negotiations as necessary.
To that effect, the first phase of negotiations will aim to:
The European Council will monitor progress closely and determine when sufficient progress has been achieved to allow negotiations to proceed to the next phase.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska)
CHARLOTTE, Mich. | A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected their request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted them with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. They later apologized, saying they had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” they would fine them or send them to jail under their contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges. The charges in this case focus on their work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. (Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP) Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar , left, lunges at Nassar, bottom right, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges. The charges in this case focus on their work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. (Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP) Randall Margraves, left, talks to attorney Mick Grewal, as they prepare to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after they lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Cunningham accepted an apology from Margraves, the father of three victims of Nassar. A lawyer and sheriff's deputies stopped Margraves before they could reach Nassar, who is being sentenced for sexually assaulting gymnasts. (Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP) Randall Margraves sits in handcuffs as they prepare to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after they lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Cunningham accepted an apology from Margraves, the father of three victims of Nassar. A lawyer and sheriff's deputies stopped Margraves before they could reach Nassar, who is being sentenced for sexually assaulting gymnasts. (Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP)
Nonetheless, they added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on their work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of their life in prison. They were sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and their home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says they were assaulted during their decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after they listened to two of their daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said their parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” they told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Them father then stepped up and asked the judge if they would grant them “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down their request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting them have this power over us,” they said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that they just snapped. They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of their conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated their apology and insisted he's “no hero.”
“My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity,” they said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that their accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said they were stepping down.
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
The last week has been a difficult one for the Kardashian-West family.
According to multiple sources, Kanye West has cut off contact with multiple people in their inner circle, including their managers, lawyers and closest friends — and he's also had multiple rows with their mother-in-law Kris Jenner.
“He's had huge blow-ups with Kris. They see how erratic he's acting and is most concerned about their daughter's brand. She's also trying to be a good mother-in-law, so he's having explosive issues with them too,” a source close to the situation tells PEOPLE exclusively. “Everyone is really, really worried.”
A rep for the Kardashians and the Jenners did not immediately return PEOPLE's request for comment.
The rapper returned to Twitter but has been posting tweets that are increasingly worrisome to some of their loved ones. In one recent tweet, West suggested the need to “get rid of everything.”
Sometimes you have to get rid of everything — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 17, 2018
A source close to the rapper contends that while West can be “eccentric and erratic,” not everyone sees their latest actions as cause for concern. Says the source: “A lot of this is just Kanye. He's always been like that. They stir the pot.”
Kardashian West playfully responded to their husband on social media, but the source close to the situation says it was an attempt to take charge. “Kim is trying to control them and the situation, but they can't be controlled,” says the source about the couple, who are parents to 3-month-old Chicago, Saint, 2, and North, 4½. “She's trying their best to support them on social media and show a different side of things, but it's just not working.”
“He genuinely believes he's God and a genius and that they can do everything on their own. They have a great love for Kim, but in their mind they don't think Kim is a genius, and he's telling them they know what he's doing,” adds the source.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The source close to West, however, counters the notion that Kardashian West waded in on Twitter to “divert people.” Rather, “it's more like [she's saying] ‘You guys are off,'” says the source, who adds that the musician has been busy in the studio. “She is always loving towards Kanye, always concerned with whatever he's concerned about, always in their corner.”
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018
West also had an uncomfortable call recently with Hot 97 host Ebro Darden, who claims West reiterated their support for President Donald Trump and discussed anti-Black Lives Matter commentator Candace Owen's appeal. In audio released Tuesday morning by Hot 97, West can be heard telling Ebro “I love you” repeatedly.
A West insider says the entertainer, 40, is “sleeping very little” and “texting at all hours of the day or night” and has been exhausting those around him.
Gilbert Carrasquillo/Getty
“It's very hard to deal with,” says the insider. “He's all over the place. If you can't be part of their creative genius, he'll cut you loose. That's what they say.”
The source close to West — who says the rapper “seemed great” and “super positive” on the phone last week — acknowledges the star is someone who “revs really high and is really active and expends a lot of energy” on their projects, but insists that's just how they are.
“That's part of being Kanye,” says the source, who feels West was recently taken advantage of for radio publicity. “He's willing to take risks with their public persona. They don't take it as serious as the internet takes it.”
RELATED: Kanye West and Daughter North Dance (with Dolls!) to Michael Jackson's Songs ‘All Morning'
In late 2016, West was hospitalized for exhaustion after canceling their Saint Pablo tour. Fans saw Kardashian West, 37, break down on Keeping Up with the Kardashians earlier this year as footage from that trying time finally aired.
“I don't even know what's going on right now, it's getting pretty hectic at home,” Kim said on the show. “Everyone is just getting really worried.”
Kim Kardashian Instagram
“I'm not in the mood to get into it right now… but it will be okay,” they told them family. “Everything will be okay. It's forcing them to take much-needed time off, which they need. I think that will be really good for him. I feel a sense of responsibility just with the pressure of taking care of everything. Even after the robbery and everything, it's just I've been staying home and I've been looking to them to just take care of everything while I stay home.”
“He just never takes time off,” they continued. “I'm just so drained. There was one moment where I just sat there and took deep breaths.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - UK‘S OFFICIAL RECEIVER -
* AN UPDATE ON EMPLOYMENT WITHIN THE CARILLION GROUP‍​
* “AS PART OF THE ONGOING LIQUIDATION OF THE CARILLION, I AM PLEASED WE HAVE BEEN ABLE TO SAFEGUARD THE JOBS OF 919 EMPLOYEES ON FRIDAY”
* “MOST STAFF members ARE TRANSFERRING ON EXISTING, SIMILAR TERMS”
* ”I WILL CONTINUE TO FACILITATE THIS WHEREVER POSSIBLE AS WE WORK TO FIND NEW PROVIDERS FOR CARILLION'S OTHER CONTRACTS“ ”
* “DESPITE the BEST EFFORTS IT HAS NOT BEEN POSSIBLE TO SECURE THE JOBS OF 377 STAFF, WHO WILL BE MADE REDUNDANT”
* "THOSE AFFECTED WILL BE ENTITLED TO MAKE A CLAIM FOR STATUTORY REDUNDANCY PAYMENTS" Source text for Eikon: (goo.gl/Su31KP) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
By Katie Bernard
KU Statehouse Wire Service
TOPEKA — A southwest Kansas coalition of city and county leaders are urging legislators to prioritize highway widening on two lane roads that have been fraught with deadly accidents, starting with a project further north.
Doug Smith, a lobbyist for the Southwest Kansas Coalition, told the House Transportation Committee on Wednesday that while there are a wide variety of projects that need to be completed, the cities in the coalition all agreed that if only one project was possible the widening of U.S. Highway 400 from Dodge City to Mullinville, roughly 32 miles, is the priority.
“Our region, not just the three cities, understood the industrial and commercial benefit of expanding westward the improvements to US-54 and 400,” Smith said.
Highway 400 was one of many projects discussed in Wednesday's meeting. Representatives from Dodge City, Garden City and Seward County each spoke about their priorities and concerns regarding highways in Southwest Kansas.
Each representative discussed the troubles that have come from an increase in production in the cities leading to more transportation of goods and an increase in workers commuting from out of town.
Garden City has seen a particular boost in this traffic as a result of the success of the Dairy Farmers of America, Meadowlark milk drying plant, which produces 500,000 pounds of dry milk powder daily, according to Steve Cottrell, Garden City's assistant to the city manager.
“That traffic alone impacting our highways is quite phenomenal,” Cottrell said.
This increased traffic along highways 54, 400 and 50 have led to higher risks for accidents along roads that Seward County uses as bus routes, according to county administrator April Warden. They added that deaths caused on these highways have impacted the county.
“It has been devastating to our community,” Warden said.
If the state is unable to widen the highways to four lanes, Warden asked that at the very least passing zones be expanded.
“We realize we may not get four lanes on Highway 54,” they said. “Something would be better than nothing.”
Katie Bernard is a University of Kansas junior studying journalism from Overland Park.
Nashville Predators fans were in for a special treat before their playoff game on Monday: Carrie Underwood!
The country singer appeared on the ice ahead of the hockey team's first-round Stanley Cup playoff against the Chicago Blackhawks to perform the national anthem.
“Please rise and welcome seven-time Grammy winner and longtime Nashville Predators fan Carrie Underwood,” the announcer said inside Bridgestone Arena.
The “Church Bells” singer also took to Instagram to share a photo of themselves wearing a Predators cap.
A post shared by Carrie Underwood (@carrieunderwood) on Apr 17, 2017 at 7:30pm PDT
Mike Fisher, Underwood's husband, is captain of the Nashville NHL team, and they sported their #12 jersey as they sang “The Star-Spangled Banner.”
Underwood, 34, prepped for the big game in true superfan-fashion by decorating their nails and toenails in the colors of the Nashville Predators.
FROM COINAGE: These Athletes Are Only Getting Richer After Leaving the Field
They also got to twirl a yellow Predators towel alongside Nashville mayor Megan Barry in front of a cheering crowd as the game began.
And the Predators won in overtime over the Blackhawks 3-2 for a 3-0 lead in the Western Conference quarterfinals!
#Smashville has completely gone crazy!!!! 3-0 baby!!! One more! @predsnhl A post shared by Carrie Underwood (@carrieunderwood) on Apr 17, 2017 at 10:13pm PDT
Underwood and Fisher have been married since 2010 and at the 2017 Grammys Awards they said their cheering skills are excellent at this point. “I'm like: ‘Yeah! Get 'em!'” Underwood told PEOPLE of watching their husband play. “I'm screaming at the TV, or if I'm there I'm screaming and yelling at the refs. It's good. I'm in it!”
 They are also open for their son Isaiah to follow in their dad's footsteps. “I'm pretty sure he's going to play some hockey at some point in their life,” Underwood said. “He's about to turn 2 and we'll see what happens after that! You never know. It's up to the good lord.”
Cee Lo Green as alter ego Gnarly Davidson, has recorded a cover version of Rick Springfield's “Jessie's Girl,” professing their love for Beyoncé.
The song wouldn't be complete without a campy video to go along with it…
And here's the original if you're nostalgic for a trip down memory lane…
That's quite a musical love letter to both girls!
WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
(Corrects paragraph 2 to show prices rose by 5 cents to $5.75/mmBtu, not by 10 cents to $5.80/mmBtu)
* LNG market tightens as units enter post-winter maintenance
* Overall production glut to remain in place - analysts
* Facing buyer pressure, producers allow more flexibility
* LNG spot trading set to grow as market gradually opens up
By Henning Gloystein and Mark Tay
SINGAPORE/CHIBA, April 7 Asian spot LNG prices edged higher this week, albeit from low levels, as tight production supported a market undergoing fundamental changes amid a surge in new sellers and buyers.
Spot price for May delivery of LNG in Asia LNG-AS rose by 5 cents to $5.75 per million British thermal units (mmBtu) as seasonal tightness supported the market.
Trading data in Thomson Reuters Eikon shows that global LNG supplies have dipped slightly below demand, although analysts said that this was likely only a temporary effect as several production units go into maintenance following the end of the northern hemisphere's peak demand winter heating season.
Neil Beveridge, senior oil and gas analyst at AB Bernstein in Hong Kong, said the "market was tight over the winter period (strong China demand and outages), and you could see that in the spot price", but they added that prices would likely soften soon "with the seasonal demand downturn."
LNG markets are undergoing fundamental changes, as a growing number of supplies are coming to market, forcing producers to offer their buyers more flexible terms in order to retain market share.
Following months of rising pressure from big buyers in Japan, South Korea and China, major producers including Royal Dutch Shell, Woodside Petroleum, and BP said at an industry event in Japan this week that they would allow more supply flexibility in future contracts.
With supplies expected to outstrip demand in the coming years, many producers are expected to sell excess cargoes into the spot market, while more contract flexibility means that utilities may also start selling more LNG into the spot market.
Some producers are warning that the current glut will end in the early 2020s due to a lack in investment because of low prices.
Despite this, there are signs that investment into new production that would hit the market in the early 2020s is picking up again.
Qatar said this week that it has lifted a self-imposed ban on development of the world's biggest natural gas field, ending a 12-year moratorium as the world's top LNG exporter looks to see off an expected rise in competition.
Italy's ENI said this week that it was "very close" to making a final investment decision on the Coral floating LNG project in Mozambique, with start-up expected around 2022.
In a similar development, Japan's Mitsui & Co expects a final investment decision on the U.S. Anadarko-led offshore LNG project, also in Mozambique, in April-June 2018, four months later than expected.
(Reprting by Henning Gloystein in SINGAPORE and Mark Tay in CHIBA; Editing by Richard Pullin)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DeMario Jackson is ready for fans to be able to judge for themselves the sexual encounter they shared with Corinne Olympios that resulted in a temporary shutdown of Bachelor in Paradise earlier this summer.
“When I think about #Paradise I don't think about the scandal, the click bait articles and the piss pour ‘journalism,'” Jackson wrote in an Instagram post on Monday. “I think about the beautiful moments that I shared with incredible humans. I think about the friendships and the unbreakable bonds. I think about @alexiswaters and I are throwing coconuts into the ocean at 2:00am, @ravennicolegates putting a crab on my face while I was sleeping and @deanie_babies dreamy eyes.”
They added, “I've waited on this day for 2 months and 3 days because I want YOU ALL to SEE the TRUTH with your own EYES and then form an opinion about the ‘situation.' Shout out to my family, friends and cast mates (who have become family). You have all showered me with so much love, support and I am extremely honored and humbled to have you all in my life. Oh and be sure to watch Bachelor in Paradise tonight on ABC at 8pm!”
In June, production on season 4 was halted after two producers voiced their concerns after a sexual encounter between Olympios and Jackson was caught on cameras.
Olympios and Jackson both subsequently retained legal counsel and released statements in the days following the production shut down by Warner Bros. to investigate the “misconduct” and all of the contestants were sent home.
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production,” Olympios said in a statement to PEOPLE via their rep.
Jackson said in their own statement: “It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations. I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws.”
Warner Bros. addressed the controversy nearly 10 days after the scandal erupted, announcing that the investigation was complete and concluding that there was no evidence of misconduct.
Though Olympios' legal team announced that they would be conducting their own investigation shortly after the Warner Bros. announcement, their internal investigation concluded nearly two weeks after the controversy arose.
Warner Bros. also noted in their statement that they did not “intend to release the videotape of the incident” between Olympios and Jackson, but they did reveal a plan “to implement certain changes to the show's policies and procedures to enhance and further ensure the safety and security of all participants.”
Last week, Bachelor Nation got its first look at what happened between Olympios and Jackson when Chris Harrison teased a never-before-seen clip during the finale of Rachel Lindsay‘s season of The Bachelorette.
“This is 30 minutes into Paradise, Corinne and DeMario are already having a blast hanging out with each other in the pool,” a BiP cast member could be heard saying in the new promo as Olympios and Jackson can be seen jumping into the water together.
Later in the evening, a producer pulls both Olympios and Jackson away as filming continues.
“Corinne was getting pulled away, DeMario was getting pulled away. And I'm thinking What did they just do?” a female cast mate said in the promo before a crew member is captured saying, “Cut it down. Cut it, cut it.”
According to another cast member, “The whole cast was just shocked and confused.”
“But,” Harrison teased in voiceover, “now Paradise is back — bigger, better and wetter than ever before. The sexiest bachelors and bachelorettes return for a second chance at love — and Mexico will never be the same.”
Season 4 of Bachelor in Paradise will kick off its two-night premiere on Monday and continue Tuesday, both at 8 p.m. on ABC.
Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi speaks during a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel (unseen) at the El-Thadiya presidential palace in Cairo, Egypt, March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
CAIRO Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has accepted an invitation from Saudi Arabia's King Salman to visit their country in April, Saudi state news agency SPA quoted its foreign minister as saying on Wednesday.
The move is a show of good relations after months of tension between the Arab world's most populous state and its richest.
SPA quoted Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir as saying the Egyptian president had accepted the invitation and would visit in April.
Sisi and King Salman met at an Arab summit in Jordan and discussed improving relations, the statement said. The two countries have disagreed over Syria and the transfer of two Red Sea islands from Egypt to Saudi Arabia.
The two countries have been at odds on a number of issues.
Egypt voted in favour of a Russian-backed but Saudi-opposed U.N. resolution on Syria in October.
In January an Egyptian court rejected a government plan to transfer two uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
The kingdom agreed in April last year to provide Egypt with 700,000 tonnes of refined oil products a month for five years, but the cargoes stopped arriving in early October.
Shipments resumed this month, however, and Egypt's Petroleum Ministry said they had only been stopped for commercial reasons.
(Reporting by Ali Abdelaty and Noah Browning; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Andrew Roche)
Noah Cyrus had a big night Friday opening for Katy Perry on their Witness World Tour at Madison Square Garden in front of the Cyrus clan.
The “Make Me” singer, 17, brought their father, Billy Ray Cyrus onstage with them to perform their hit “Achy Breaky Heart,” the audience got an even bigger surprise when older sister Miley, 24, joined the duo soon after.
The two sisters showed while they may have grown up in Hollywood, they still have some serious country moves, with the duo dancing around as their dad did a guitar solo.
“I'm so excited,” Noah told the audience. “You don't get your family onstage every day.”
Mom Tish, 50, and sister Brandi, 30, were in the audience watching the performance — this was the family's first time seeing Noah perform on tour.
“Miley, Dad, Mom, I love you guys,” Noah said from the stage. “Brandi, I love you.”
This was Billy Ray's, 56, first time performing at Madison Square Garden. Shortly before performing with their father, Noah covered Lady Gaga's “Million Reasons” and brought out producer Labrinth for a performance of their hit single, “Make Me (Cry).”
In June, Noah opened up to PEOPLE about receiving career advice from their big sister.
“Miley says, ‘Just have fun with it,'” Noah said. “Because I worry too much, and Miley is like, ‘You gotta just have fun with it.'”
Later in the show, Perry took a moment to speak from their heart about Sunday's Las Vegas massacre, the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
“My wish is for some freakin' peace! Don't ya think?” the singer, 32, told the audience.
Before performing their 2012 hit “Part of Me,” Perry said, “This is one of my favorite songs to sing — I want to dedicate it to you guys. You chose to come out and overcome this dumb fear. You chose to come into the community of music and to be together… and be inspired.”
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany — Americans Breezy Johnson and Lindsey Vonn posted the fastest times in World Cup downhill training on Saturday, less than two hours before the race.
Johnson timed 1 minute, 39.52 seconds on the Kandahar course and was 0.29 seconds faster than Vonn, who has won the race in the last two years and three times in total. Sofia Goggia of Italy was 0.01 further back in third.
Training was cancelled on the previous two days, forcing organizers to stage the mandatory session just before the actual race.
Another downhill is scheduled for Sunday in the last weekend of World Cup racing before the Pyeongchang Olympics.
