Test your knowledge of Scotland's cities and towns by trying to identify each one from these old photographs.
As a hint, each place is home to a Johnston Press newspaper title.
Jeremy Corbyn's attempt to put an end to the anti-semitism row which has engulfed the Labour party appeared to have failed on Tuesday night after their meeting with Jewish leaders ended in further criticism.
Jeremy Corbyn has refused to agree that Labour MPs shouldn't share platforms with people expelled from the party for anti-semitism, Jewish groups said on Tuesday night after a meeting with the leader they described as a "disappointing missed opportunity".
Following weeks of criticism of Labour's handling of antisemitism allegations, Corbyn met the Jewish Leadership Council and the Board of Deputies at Westminster on Tuesday evening in a bid to repair relations. While Corbyn described the meeting as positive and constructive, the groups released a joint statement that made clear their dismay at the party leader's response. It was followed by an even stronger statement from Labour Against Anti-Semitism, in which the pressure group said: "It is hard to see where the Labour party goes from here," and went on to describe what it saw as the "arrogance and complacency" of Corbyn and their team as "astonishing". In a statement released shortly after the meeting, Corbyn described the talks, which lasted more than two hours, as "a positive and constructive meeting about tackling anti-semitism." This take was at odds with a statement from Jonathan Goldstein, chair of the Jewish Leadership Council and Jonathan Arkush, the president of the Board of Deputies, who said said that while they "welcomed Mr. Corbyn's personal involvement in the discussion and their new comments recognising and apologising for antisemitism in the Labour Party" the Labour leader had "failed to agree to any of the concrete actions we asked for in our letter to them of 28th March." In turn their view of the meeting was reportedly called into question by Andrew Gwynne MP, who was also present at the meeting, and was said to challenge their interpretation of how it proceeded.
NEW: Labour's Andrew Gwynne suggests Jewish leaders are wrong to claim Corbyn ignored requests for concrete action. "That's not my understanding of what was agreed," they say. "I'm not sure how they've interpreted the meeting."
The actions, which many of Corbyn's critics felt were modest, included having a fixed timetable to deal with antisemitism cases, and accepting the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism, which has been adopted by organisations including the police service, the government, the Crown Prosecution Service and 120 local authorities – many of them Labour.
The two leaders said in the statement that it had been "a difficult yet important meeting", adding that they were "disappointed that Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested."
“And yet, in this meeting, the leader and the general secretary would not commit that they would accept the IHRA definition with all of its examples', a spokesperson for the Jewish Leadership Council said. The Jewish groups described the six suggestions they put forward as "reasonable", having also asked the party to expediate the long-standing cases involving Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker; that no Labour MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for antisemitism; and that there should be transparent oversight of their disciplinary process. "Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough. We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party", the statement from the two organisations said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting a spokesperson for the Board of Deputies said: “His words are going in the right place, that's for sure, but the actions we have yet to see follow. We had already set that out in the letter of course… prior to being there, so there were no surprises, and yet we didn't get the confirmation and we did press and press in the meeting.” “Each of the points that we've raised in that open statement were pressed at some length and some details, and in the end all we were able to get was that they would agree to take away and consider those proposals”, a spokesperson for the Jewish Leadership Council added. The two representatives said they would meet with Labour again in July to discuss how the party had progressed in its work to tackle the problem. “It was a tough meeting, it was a difficult meeting, but we were relentless in what we pushed home”, the Board of Deputies spokesperson said, adding: “we will be watching and we will be monitoring closely, and we will be checking all of the things that they are saying, but continuing to push for the changes that we need to see.”
Labour Against Anti-Semitism (LAS) later released a statement in which the group said: "The disappointing outcome of this evening's meeting between the Jewish community and Jeremy Corbyn and Jennie Formby further exposes the apparent lack of genuine commitment by the Labour Party leadership towards tackling antisemitism within the Labour movement. "The Board of Deputies and Jewish Leadership Council attended the meeting with Mr Corbyn in good faith, with a list of requests that, if accepted, would have done much to demonstrate that Mr Corbyn was indeed ready to listen to the Jewish community's concerns. That they appear to have been unwilling to accede to a single one indicates that they have simply been paying lip service to tackling racial discrimination against Jews in their party." LAS added: "It is hard to see where the Labour Party goes from here. The dark stain of racism has never been more nakedly visible on any major British
party in over 100 years than it is now, yet the arrogance and complacency of Mr Corbyn and their team is astonishing: they appear to believe that they are immune from the judgement of both the British people and of history. They are not." Describing an apparent reversal of a pledge to adopt the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance's definition of anti-semitism as "a disgrace", LAS concluded: "The Jewish community will not be bullied and will not be silenced. It is time for all decent British people associated with Labour to
stand in solidarity with us and be counted. Enough is enough." Corbyn, who had been joined at the meeting by Gwynne and new general secretary Jennie Formby, said in a statement that they were "grateful to the Board of Deputies, the Jewish Leadership Council and the Community Security Trust for a positive and constructive meeting about tackling antisemitism" and said they were "absolutely committed to rooting out antisemitism from our party and our society." “When members of Jewish communities express genuine anxieties, we must recognise them as we would those of any other community", they continued. "Their concerns are not 'smears'. Jews belong in the Labour Party and we are utterly committed to making it a safe and welcoming place for them. “I have charged our new General Secretary Jennie Formby with improving our disciplinary procedures as their top priority to ensure all complaints are dealt with swiftly and fairly. We are grateful for the input from Jewish community groups, who we will continue to listen to carefully. “We will lay out the further steps we are taking in the coming weeks. We will continue to engage and work with Jewish community organisations to deal with this issue. Our party will not fail our Jewish brothers and sisters.” The full joint statement from the Jewish Leadership Council and Board of Deputies of British Jews read:
Our meeting with Jeremy Corbyn today was a disappointing missed opportunity regarding the problem of antisemitism in the Labour Party. We welcomed Mr. Corbyn's personal involvement in the discussion and their new comments recognising and apologising for antisemitism in the Labour Party but they failed to agree to any of the concrete actions we asked for in our letter to them of 28th March. Last month the Jewish community held an unprecedented demonstration outside Parliament to express our hurt and anger about the level of antisemitism in the Labour Party, and Jeremy Corbyn's failure to take strong action against it. Following that demonstration we wrote to Mr. Corbyn to set out six areas of concrete action they and the party could take to address the antisemitism that has grown under their leadership. These represented the minimum level of action the community expected after more than two years of inactivity. Today we met Mr. Corbyn to convey in no uncertain terms the Jewish community's feelings to them in person and to discuss their response to our proposals. It was a difficult yet important meeting. We are disappointed that Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested. In particular, they did not agree in the meeting with our proposals that there should be a fixed timetable to deal with antisemitism cases; that they should expedite the long-standing cases involving Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker; that no MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for antisemitism; that they adopt the full International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism with all its examples and clauses; that there should be transparent oversight of their disciplinary process. Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough. We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party. Our sole objective from this meeting was to build trust with Mr Corbyn, but this will not be possible until and unless they and the party turn their many strong words against antisemitism into equally strong actions in order to bring about a deep cultural change in their supporters' attitude to Jews. Thousands of British Jews did not demonstrate outside Parliament just for a few lawyers and another newspaper article; they demanded action and so do we. We will hold the Labour Party to account for any future failures and continue to represent the interests of British Jews with clarity and resolve. We also commit to do our utmost to work with all those within Labour who want to help make it a safe and equal space for all of its members.
Hannah Al-Othman is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Hannah Al-Othman at hannah.al-othman@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Nevada Highway Patrol issued a travel advisory Monday on how to avoid traffic and long delays on Interstate-15 and U.S. Highway 95 during the Electric Daisy Carnival.
Traffic is expected to be heavy from May 18-21, which is why Las Vegas residents are encouraged to allow for more travel time and use surface streets, NHP said.
According to NHP, between the hours of 5 a.m. to 6 a.m., EDC attendees leaving the Las Vegas Motor Speedway will affect morning commutes on the I-15 heading south.
Traffic is also expected to be congested on the I-15 heading north as visitors travel to the Speedway for EDC in the evening, NHP said.
NHP said the U.S. 95 at I-15 is scheduled to be closed during the same days as EDC, and surface streets may help commuters to get to their destination faster when traffic is heavy.
[RELATED: U.S. 95 at I-15 scheduled to close for Project Neon]
Delays are expected at the state line near Primm during the weekend as well, NHP said.
According to NHP, travelers were advised to prepare for long waits on the freeway and to have plenty of water and snacks in their vehicles in case traffic wait times were long.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Dave Shedloski
One of the most popular venues among players on the PGA TOUR, Riviera Country Club provides the perfect curtain call for the West Coast Swing at this week's Genesis Open.
Opened in 1927, Riviera, designed by George C. Thomas, is a pure shot-making challenge with its numerous doglegs and tilted greens. Ben Hogan won the 1948 U.S. Open and two L.A. Opens in a span of 18 months, thus it is called “Hogan's Alley.” Today the par-71 layout measures 7,322 yards. The famed layout in Pacific Palisades, California, first hosted a tour event in 1929.
World No. 1 Jason Day is entered into the Genesis Open for the first time since 2012. The Australian and defending champion Bubba Watson lead 19 of the top 30 golfers in the Official World Golf Ranking who are entered. Other notables in the field include Dustin Johnson, Jordan Spieth, Adam Scott, Jimmy Walker and Phil Mickelson.
CBS Sports lead golf analyst Sir Nick Faldo won their final PGA TOUR title at Riviera Country Club 20 years ago this week. They break down the storylines and what it takes to win the Genesis Open.
Watch CBS Sports' Saturday and Sunday live coverage of the Genesis Open here.
You as well as anyone knows what it takes to win at Riviera. Give us the combination to the safe. How do you unlock the challenge?
The secret is in the barometric pressure. It gets cold. You have to club up and hit half shots, try to keep control of the ball. The greens are like saucers, and because of that, it's actually better not to be pin high. You get those side-hillers that are pretty scary. Best to be above or below the hole and play conservatively. Something around par every day is really quite good.
The short par-4 10th hole is always an interesting place to watch golf. What do you think of it and the strategy of trying to drive the green or lay up?
It's quite a cool hole. I love the course overall, and this is just an interesting hole. I would say the slope in the green is way too much now; it's too steep on the right side. The question is should you lay up to 70-80 yards, which is very tough, or just go for it and see what happens. I almost argue for the driver.
Why has Bubba Watson, a two-time winner, flourished on this golf course?
When Bubba drives it great, they obviously do very well. He's impressive. They put it out there 310 yards in the middle of the fairway, and they don't have to worry about the cross slopes on the green with an 8- or 9-iron in their hands. Guys with mid-irons have to think about those things.
It appears Jordan Spieth is back on track after their efficient win at Pebble Beach. How do they stack up for Riviera?
They have stepped up their ball striking and has done a lot of work with their legs and hips, so they look a lot stronger and more stable. That's great for them as a complement to their putting. What they do is quite demoralizing for everyone else. You play as well as him, and you have to watch them keep brushing them in. It's ridiculous.
Check out other golf expert interviews.
Tiger Woods was supposed to compete this week, but on doctor's orders they have withdrawn because of ongoing back spasms. Their comeback from multiple back surgeries has hit another speed bump. What did you think of their golf before this latest setback?
Their thoracic spine is too tight, and we saw that in the Bahamas, even though they seemed to play all right. They compensate like crazy, but physically you have to wonder if they can do it. As I tweeted out before, their future is their back. If they can be mobile enough, they can be productive and enjoy playing golf.
Give us a favorite and a dark horse for this week.
I think Jordan Spieth — they just resets and goes again — should be right there. I also like Justin Rose. It's not a bomber's course. Smart golf works just fine. Dark horse … I wouldn't call them a dark horse per se, but Bill Haas has won there, and he's proven they have the game.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.  They are the author of three books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
A grenade that was buried in a neighborhood in Kingman, AZ. (Photo: Mohave County Sheriff's Office)
The Mohave County Sheriff's Office found a buried grenade buried in the 2100 block of Hearne Avenue in Kingman, Arizona Friday afternoon.
The sheriff's office said that they received an anonymous tip that a grenade had been buried in the area.
After the tip was confirmed, the Kingman Police Department Bomb Squad safely removed and disposed of the grenade, according to the sheriff's office.
The area has been declared safe by all responding units.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Former DocuSign, Zillow executives among those bringing expertise to eXp's rapidly expanding cloud-based brokerage
BELLINGHAM, WA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - eXp World Holdings, Inc. ( OTCQB : EXPI), the holding company for eXp Realty LLC, The Agent-Owned Cloud Brokerage®, today announced the addition of industry veterans Kee Wah Chung, Kathy Gordon, Scott Petronis and Mitch Robinson to its management team.
"Our daily objective is to be the most agent-centric brokerage firm in the world," said Russ Cofano, President and General Counsel of eXp World Holdings. "Adding Kee Wah, Kathy, Scott and Mitch to our stellar team will allow us to provide new and exciting services for both current and future agents on the eXp platform. Our ability to attract top talent is further enabled by our accelerating growth, as evidenced by our year-over-year agent growth of over 200 percent when we surpassed the 3,000 agent mark in mid-March."
The four industry veterans joining eXp Realty's management team include:
KEE WAH CHUNG
Kee Wah Chung joins eXp Realty as Vice President of Agent Experience. Kee Wah will lead the continued buildout of an exceptional end-to-end Agent Experience though a robust service-delivery model for onboarding new agents, providing transaction management services, and supporting agents via eXp tools and systems. Kee Wah previously worked as Director of the Real Estate Customer Success Program for DocuSign. There, they created the first real estate-focused team to drive a world-class customer experience for onboarding brokers, agents, and staff.
KATHY GORDON
Kathy Gordon, who has nearly two decades of experience in the industry, joins eXp Realty as Vice President, Brokerage Operations. In this position, they will deliver value to eXp agents through the support of eXp's state administrative brokers, the administration of eXp's brokerage policies and procedures, and license law and regulatory compliance. They also will serve as liaison with eXp's legal resources and risk management programs. Kathy previously was Broker of Record at one of Keller Williams' largest firms, with nearly 3000 agents. They also served as the Director of Compliance and Risk Mitigation for their region, while coaching/consulting multiple offices in areas of compliance, risk mitigation, operations, and leadership.
SCOTT PETRONIS
As eXp Realty's new Chief Product and Technology Officer, Scott Petronis will lead the delivery of strategic agent-centric solutions that power the business and its rapidly growing agent base. Scott has more than 20 years of experience in delivering software and SaaS products for businesses and consumers. Most recently, Scott headed up products and technology for Onboard Informatics, a leading provider of data and technology solutions to U.S. real estate brokerage firms. For the past five years, Scott has been a fixture in industry technology initiatives through their work with the Real Estate Standards Organization (RESO), including leading the Web API initiative as the Chair of the Transport Workgroup. In that role, they drove agreement on a new standard that allows companies to more rapidly innovate solutions for the real estate industry.
MITCH ROBINSON
In their new role as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Communications for eXp Realty, Mitch Robinson is responsible for branding, external and internal communications, digital and social media, events (both live and within eXp World, the company's fully immersive 3D Cloud Campus). Robinson was an early employee at Expedia before joining the online real estate marketplace Zillow. As the leader of Zillow's trade marketing team, Mitch spearheaded marketing initiatives working with real estate agents, brokers, MLSs, rental professionals, and builders. In this role, they blended technology innovation with a deep appreciation for the ways in which agents can be successful in an industry ripe for disruption.
About eXp World Holdings, Inc.
eXp World Holdings, Inc. ( OTCQB : EXPI) is the holding company for eXp Realty LLC, the Agent-Owned Cloud Brokerage® as a full-service real estate brokerage providing 24/7 access to collaborative tools, training, and socialization for real estate brokers and agents through its 3-D, fully-immersive, cloud office environment. eXp Realty, LLC and eXp Realty of Canada, Inc. also feature an attractive revenue sharing program that pays agents a percentage of gross commission income earned by fellow real estate professionals who they attract into the Company.
As a publicly-traded company, eXp World Holdings, Inc. uniquely offers real estate professionals within its ranks opportunities to earn company stock for production and contributions to overall company growth.
For more information, please visit the Company's Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, or visit www.eXpRealty.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
The statements contained herein may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update them. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Company's expansion, revenue growth, operating results, financial performance and net income changes. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in forward-looking statements include changes in business or other market conditions; the difficulty of keeping expense growth at modest levels while increasing revenues; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to the most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Prem's Electrical supports Regal for Florida Cup
Prem's Electrical of Alexander Street, Bourda, have supported Regal for the Florida Softball Cup which is set to commence on February 24.
Prem's Electrical manager Ms. Nirmala presented a cheque to Videsh Persaud of
Regal All Stars at a simple ceremony held at the entity's location, recently. Ms. Nirmala said they are pleased to be associated with the Regal as they look to bring glory to Guyana once again, and wished the teams well. Persaud thanked the entity for the support.
Regal Masters and All Stars are among several Guyanese teams slated to take part in the tournament which will conclude on February 26 at Central Broward Regional Park and Stadium, Lauderhill, Florida.
The event, which is being hosted by the Honourary Consul of Guyana in association with the South Florida Softball Cricket League, forms part of the Guyana Republic Day celebrations in Florida.
Regal last outing saw their Masters and All Stars teams winning the New York Legends and Independence Cup in 2016.
Kelso's Lidl supermarket has announced a ecruitment drive for five more members of staff – to make a total of 25 – following in-store refurbishment.
The supermarket, which was the first to introduce the real living wage as recommended by the Living Wage foundation, is creating five new positions, which include a variety of customer assistant contracts at its Shedden Park Road store.
Opening of the newly refurbished Lidl store in Port Glasgow, Scotland. August 10, 2017.
The shop – which recently completed a full refurbishment to bring it more up-to-date, creating a more modern shopping environment for its customers and staff –is looking for friendly, customer focused individuals to join their team.
Successful candidates will have the opportunity to start straight away, where they will receive extensive training, excellent opportunities for progression and a warm welcome into a friendly store team.
A spokesperson for the retail giant said, “The shop floor is the beating heart of our business. It's the front line, where all the action happens, so it's only natural that we want to hire great people and provide the training, support and opportunities they need to be the best.””
Lidl prides itself on rewarding its employees with extremely competitive salaries, employee benefits including staff discount, and ongoing training and development opportunities.
Those who wish to find more information regarding the job roles available can do so by visiting www.careers.lidl.co.uk
American Ninja Warrior premieres season 10 on the NBC network tonight, on May 30, 2018. The season kicks off with the first qualifying round and competitors will tackle a total of six obstacles, which includes the Mega Warped Wall. Episode 1 will take place in Dallas, Texas.
If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch NBC live on your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV: In addition to their extensive Netflix-like streaming library, Hulu now also offers a bundle of live TV channels, including NBC (live in most markets). You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of NBC on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
DirecTV Now: NBC (live in select markets) is included in all four channel packages. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can then watch NBC live on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
FuboTV: NBC (live in select markets) is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch NBC live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
In addition to being able to watch NBC live via the above streaming services, you can also watch on your computer via NBC.com, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the NBC app. You'll need to sign in to a TV provider to watch this way, but you can use your Hulu, DirecTV Now or FuboTV credentials to do that.
Recently, American Ninja Warrior participated in a special celebrity edition episode, in honor of Red Nose Day. The Red Nose Day campaign has raised over $100 million over the past few years, on a mission to end child poverty. Show hosts Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila both participated in the event, alongside their special co-host Kristine Leahy. Gbajabiamila even took on the course himself, along with celebrities Ne-Yo, Derek Hough, WWE star Nikki Bella, Colton Dunn, Scott Evans, Olympian Nastia Liukin and Gregg Sulkin. Prior to the special airing, NBC released a statement that reported, “Elite ninjas will return to support and mentor their partner as they take on the physical and mental challenges of the course. Kevin Bull (coaching Akbar), Drew Drechsel (coaching NE-YO), Natalie Duran (coaching Colton), Meagan Martin (coaching Derek), Grant McCartney (coaching Nikki), Flip Rodriguez (coaching Scott), Barclay Stockett (coaching Nastia) and Maggie Thorne (coaching Gregg) will help the celebrities through a grueling set of obstacles including the floating steps, the spinning bridge and the iconic warped wall.”
On next week's episode of American Ninja Warrior, the Los Angeles City Qualifiers will take place. The official episode 2 synopses reads, “Competitors face six obstacles, including the Jumper Cables and the Doorknob Drop; veteran American Ninja Warrior competitors Sean Bryan, Kevin Bull and Flip Roddriguez compete.” With some familiar faces in the mix, it should make for an interesting episode.
Image copyright Getty Images
Work and Pensions Secretary Esther McVey has apologised to Parliament for making "inadvertently misleading" statements about Universal Credit.
They said they had "mistakenly" told MPs on Monday the National Audit Office felt the benefit was progressing too slowly and should be rolled out faster.
The head of the spending watchdog had said the claims were "incorrect" as it had reservations about the process.
Labour had called on Ms McVey to apologise or "consider their position".
Ms McVey told MPs that they had meant to say that the spending watchdog believed there was "no practical alternative" to the development of Universal Credit, which rolls six benefits into one.
Asked earlier about Ms McVey's conduct, during Prime Minister's Questions, Theresa May said their colleague would be "correcting the record".
In a report published last month, the NAO said the government's flagship benefits system was not delivering value for money and could end up costing more to administer than the benefits system it is replacing.
It warned some claimants switching to Universal Credit, which rolls six working-age benefits into one, had waited eight months to be paid.
While the report noted that the Department for Work and Pensions did "not accept" that Universal Credit had caused hardship among claimants, it pointed to a recent internal departmental report that showed 40% of claimants were experiencing financial difficulties.
The head of the NAO - Sir Amyas Morse - took the unusual step of writing to Ms McVey to take issue with how they responded to the report.
Speaking in the Commons on 2 July, Ms McVey said the report had not taken into account "significant" changes recently made and their impact on the number of people being paid on time and in full.
What is Universal Credit?
Image copyright Getty Images
Universal Credit merges six benefits (income support; income-based jobseeker's allowance; income-related employment and support allowance; housing benefit; child tax credit; working tax credit) into one.
It was designed to make claiming benefits simpler. A single payment is paid directly into claimants' bank accounts to cover the benefits for which they are eligible.
Claimants then have to pay costs, such as rent, out of their UC payment. It can be claimed by people whether they are in or out of work - but payment decreases as you earn more.
They said 80% of claimants had received their payments in full and on time and of the 10% who had not received any money within the first month, this was down to problems with self-verification and not fulfilling their commitments.
In response to further questions from Labour MPs, they said the watchdog was "also concerned that it was rolling out too slowly... and needs to continue at a faster rate".
But Sir Amyas said the report had been based on the most up-to-date information and had been "fully agreed" with DWP officials a week before its release.
They added: "I'm afraid your statement that the NAO was concerned Universal Credit is currently "rolling but too slowly" and needs to "continue at a faster rate" is also not correct.
"While we recognise regrettable early delays, my recommendation made clearly on page 11 of the report is the Department must now ensure it is ready before it starts to transfer people over from previous benefits.
"This will avoid the Department's performance declining further as it faces higher claimant volumes.
"I also recommended the Department learns from experiences of claimants and third parties, as well as the insights it has gained from the roll-out so far."
'Very serious'
They said it had not been calculated how many claimants were experiencing difficulties or hardship but it was known that 20% of claimants were not paid in full on time and 25% said they couldn't make an online claim.
Shadow work and pensions secretary Margaret Greenwood had said Ms McVey had "appeared to mislead Parliament" which was a "very serious matter".
They had called on Ms McVey to make a full apology or "consider their position".
Universal Credit is currently available in 353 job centres and the government says it is "on track" to be rolled out to all job centres nationally by the end of 2018.
In their 2 July statement, Ms McVey said 83% of claimants who responded had said they were satisfied with customer service.
One valley family made memories for the military community this Memorial Day.
The Stewarts are season ticket holders and had a ticket to Game 1 of the Stanley Cup. It was an opportunity they decided to give to a veteran instead.
“For what people have done for us ... To be in position, to be able to go to the games and live the kind of life we do, it's not a sacrifice at all," Trevor Stewart said.
Stewart posted on a Golden Knights fan page on social media looking for a veteran and said they got hundreds of emails.
They read through every one, but one story stood out, they said.
It was a message from a woman who wrote on behalf of their step-dad who worked tirelessly to provide for their family, who also lost their biological son.
Them step-father was overwhelmed with joy at the news.
“I feel a little teary-eyed right now,” Roger Tim a retired U.S. Navy veteran said. “We've been through a lot and I've been away from home. I missed broken arms, I missed graduations, birthday parties a lot of things with my girls, but it was worth it because I was doing something for our country. I'm pretty choked up right now, pretty excited my daughters love me so much.”
Tim has retired from the Navy after six deployments, but still works for the military in a civilian role, commuting nearly four hours back and forth to California. Even with all that, they said he's glad to know their children appreciate them that much and the community supports its vets.
“You have seen what you've done and you know who you've supported over the last 20 years,” Tim said. ”To get a different type of recognition from the community, it's always great, always positive and I feel pretty lucky right now.”
I just met a super sweet valley family, and today they are making memories on Memorial Day. I'll share their story today at 4! Don't miss it @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/wVFcHN9R3i — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) May 28, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
New York City's entire taxi fleet — nearly 13,250 vehicles — could be replaced by just 3,000 ridesharing cars if these services were optimized, according to a new study from the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
CSAIL's Daniela Rus and their team created an algorithm that crunched data from three million New York City taxi rides, calculating routes and schedules for two-person, four-person, and ten-person vehicles. The results showed that 3,000 four-person cabs could help handle 98 percent of the City's demand (with a waiting time of 2.3 minutes), while 3,000 two-person cabs could handle 94 percent and just 2,000 ten-person vehicles could handle 95 percent.
“To our knowledge, this is the first time that scientists have been able to experimentally quantify the trade-off between fleet size, capacity, waiting time, travel delay, and operational costs for a range of vehicles, from taxis to vans and shuttles,” Rus said in a press release. “What's more, the system is particularly suited to autonomous cars, since it can continuously reroute vehicles based on real-time requests.”
More: More the merrier: Study shows driverless truck platooning saves time and energy
Many of today's ridesharing systems, like those used by Uber and Lyft, are relatively inflexible when it comes to planning and assigning routes. In contrast, Rus' system can rematch rides to different vehicles when appropriate and could prepare for high demand by sending idle cars to busy areas. The researchers said this lets the service run 20 percent faster than standard services.
“Ridesharing services have enormous potential for positive societal impact with respect to congestion, pollution and energy consumption,” Rus said. “I think it's important that we as researchers do everything we can to explore ways to make these transportation systems as efficient and reliable as possible.”
Rus and their team published an article titled “Ride-Vehicle Assignment and Analysis of the Benefits of High Capacity Vehicle Pooling” in this week's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Boys Volleyball
Branham's season ended with a 25-22, 19-25, 25-21, 25-19 loss to host Clovis in the first round of the CIF NorCal Division I tournament on May 22. Branham, the No. 5 seed, had a long road trip, travelling to the Central Valley to face No. 4 Clovis. The Bruins, who won the Central Coast Section Division II tournament, finished the season with an impressive 24-5 overall record.
Soccer
The CV Crossfire 2000/2001 Girls team is looking to increase its membership for the 2018-19 season with dedicated soccer players who have a desire to compete at an elevated level of play. For information, contact coach Fabian Garza at garzasport@yahoo.com.
West Valley Youth Soccer invites players to a week of training/tryouts. WVYSL is a non-profit program, serving youth of West San Jose, Campbell and portions of Saratoga, Los Gatos and Cupertino since 1968 with a family-oriented, affordable program providing competitive CYSA/NorCal play through high school. Learn more and sign up at wvysl.org.
Field Hockey
Westmont High School's field hockey program is hosting its first field hockey camp on June 18-21 (9 a.m. to noon) for boys and girls entering grades 1-9. The cost is $120. Visit: lynleytakaki.wixsite.com/westmontfhcamp for more information or call varsity head coach Lynley Takaki at 408-410-5460.
The 19th annual Del Mar field hockey camp for beginning players in grades 1-9 will be held on June 25-28 from 9 a.m. to noon at Del Mar High School. The camp is open to boys and girls. The cost is $75 per player for the camp, and equipment will be provided. For more information, contact coaches Gene Sampson (408-691-0263) and Stacey Chase (staceymchase@gmail.com). Register online at delmarfieldhockey.com.
Basketball
Hoopstarz Basketball Summer Camps start June 11 at Bay Club Courtside with one week of girls-only camps for ages 5-7 and 8-12. Co-ed one-week camps run from June 18 through Aug. 10. Ages 5-7 will play from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m., and ages 8-14 will play 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. You do not need to be a member to enroll your child. Visit hoopstarzbasketball.com to enroll or learn more about the Hoopstarz coaching philosophy.
Monday, April 17
Barnes County Senior Center whist is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Teen Chill Zone will be held from 4 to 6 p.m. Baby Signs class will be held at 6 p.m. Register by calling 701-845-8528.
Tuesday, April 18
Barnes County Senior Center pinochle is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Kid Crafternoon, featuring painted rock tic tac toe, will be held at 4 p.m.
Cass County Electric Cooperative annual meeting will be held at the Ramada, soon to be Delta by Marriott at 1635 42nd St. S, Fargo. Registration and a roast beef meal is at 5:30 p.m. and the business meeting is at 6:30 p.m. Entertainment will be provided by Tucker'd Out.
Toastmasters International will host a meet and greet event from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. at the Vault Coffee Shop, 223 Central Ave. N, Valley City.
The Valley City Community Gardens annual meeting will be held at 7 p.m. in the Gathering Room of Our Savior's Lutheran Church. Contract signing will start at 6:30 p.m. Those unable to attend the meeting can sign their contract at the Barnes County Extension Service office at the Barnes County Courthouse during business hours until April 12.
David Schwalbe will give a presentation on radioactive waste at 7 p.m. in room 102 of Valley City State University's Rhoades Science Center. The event is sponsored by What In The World Is Going On? The public is invited to attend this free presentation. Call 701-845-7321 for more information.
Wednesday, April 19
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Circle Time with Melissa Lloyd will be held at 10 a.m. and Story Hour with Melissa Lloyd will be held at 10:30 a.m.
Barnes County Senior Center bone builders is at 9:30 a.m. and whist is at 1:15 p.m.
Thursday, April 20
Barnes County Senior Center supper night, featuring ham with entertainment by Greg Hager, will be held at 5:30 p.m.
The Valley City Area Chamber of Commerce and Valley City-Barnes County Development Corp. annual joint banquet will be held at Valley City State University's Student Center Cafeteria. The social is at 5:30 p.m. and the banquet starts at 6:30 p.m. Paula Klein is the guest speaker.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Book Club meets at 6 p.m.
The Monroe Doctrine, a local bluegrass band, will perform from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Vault Coffee Shop, Bakery and Center for the Arts in Valley City.
Friday, April 21
Barnes County Senior Center bone builders exercise is at 9:30 a.m. and bingo is at 1 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Friday Morning Move, “Sing,” will be shown at 10 a.m.
First Baptist Church is hosting Secret Church from 6 p.m. to midnight. Modeled after underground church in restricted nations, Secret Church global simulcast brings believers together for six hours of intense Bible Study, prayer and worship. This year's theme is Scripture and Authority in an Age of Skepticism. Light supper and snacks will be provided. Call Darla with questions or to register 701-490-0922. Study guides will be available for a small fee, but to ensure they have one reserved in their name, participants register by April 7. The church is located at 3511 Kathryn Road.
Saturday, April 22
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library LEGO Club meets at 10:30 a.m.
Red River Singles Birthday Dance, featuring the music of Lute Simley, will be held from 8 p.m. to 12 a.m. at the West Fargo VFW Club. For more information, visit www.red-river-singles.org or call 701-367-8186.
Valley City High School Prom Grand March will be held at 8 p.m. at the Hi-Liner Activity Center.
Barnes County North will hold its prom.
Saturday, April 22-Sunday, April 23
Wrangler Team Roping will be held at the North Dakota Winter Show Event Center in Valley City.
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. — Florida deputies didn't have far to travel when responding to a car crash because it crashed into a sheriff's office substation.
A Broward Sheriff's Office news release says the crash occurred shortly before noon Monday at the agency's South Broward district office in Pembroke Park.
Deputies say one person was taken to a nearby hospital. The person's name and the extent of their injuries weren't immediately released.
Officials didn't say what caused the crash.
The Swiss stock market ended Friday's session in the red, extending its recent losing streak to five days. The weak dollar and rising global bond yields continued to impact sentiment.
The strong US jobs report for January also cemented the belief among investors that the Federal Reserve is likely to hike rates at its March meeting. The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December. Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs.
The Swiss Market Index decreased by 0.76 percent Friday and finished at 9,220.69. The SMI ended the trading week with an overall loss of 3.1 percent. The Swiss Leader Index dropped 0.88 percent Friday and the Swiss Performance Index also lost 0.88 percent.
Swatch Group and Sika dropped by 2.3 percent each, while Clariant fell 2.2 percent and LafargeHolcim surrendered 1.6 percent.
Pharmaceutical company Vifor declined 2.2 percent and hearing aid manufacturer Sonova lost 1.9 percent.
Among the index heavyweights, Nestlé dropped 1.2 percent and Novartis fell 1.1 percent. Meanwhile, Roche climbed 0.5 percent.
Credit Suisse weakened by 1.0 percent and UBS fell 0.6 percent. Zurich Insurance rose 0.1 percent and Swiss Re gained 0.6 percent.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Market Analysis
The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar (UNICAL), Professor Zana Akpagu has been awarded ‘' the “Most Outstanding Education Leadership Award'' by a London-based media outfit, the Nigerian News Portal.
This is however coming barely two months after they were awarded ‘the Best Performing Vice Chancellor' from the Nigerian Print Journalism Magazine.
Speaking while presenting the award to the Vice-Chancellor in their office, Publisher of the Nigerian News Portal, Chief Philip Agbese said the award was in recognition of their remarkable contributions to educational development in the country.
Chief Agbese who was accompanied by board members of the media organization said the success story of UNICAL under Akpagu's leadership has attracted global attention to the country, adding its image at the international level is loud and clear to the world that Nigeria with the right leadership is indeed the giant of Africa.
They said Akpagu bagged the award after weeks of online and social media voting by Nigerians.
The publisher said the vice-chancellor has performed beyond expectations, especially in the prudent management of financial resources through accountability and transparency, infrastructural development which attracted TETFUND to name them as a member of the TETFUND Project Monitoring Committee.
Under Akpagu's watch, they said UNICAL has made history as the first tertiary institution in the country to fight against academic indiscipline such as plagiarism, intellectual property theft, examination malpractice, among others.
Friday Nwagbara, Calabar
Presidential Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov: "Any accusations against the official Moscow of alleged involvement (in these attacks) are absurd." Source: ZUMA Press/Global Look Press
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has called absurd the accusations against Russia's authorities of their alleged role in cyberattacks on the campaign headquarters of En Marche (Forward) movement of French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron.
"There can be no talk about any sort of complicity of the official Moscow in these attacks, whether they took place or not," Peskov told reporters.
"Any accusations against the official Moscow of alleged involvement (in these attacks) are absurd," they stressed. Peskov noted that Kremlin had the same stance on the accusations of Washington.
"We had and have no plans of interfering in the domestic affairs of other countries, moreover in their electoral processes," they stressed.
"The official Moscow has never dealt with this and is not planning to do this in the future or put up with things when someone is trying to meddle in our own affairs from outside," Peskov said.
Earlier, Secretary General Richard Ferrand of the En Marche (Forward) movement said the campaign headquarters was hit by cyberattacks emanating from Russia.
They told Europe 1 radio that some Russian mass media outlets were spreading "false reports" about the movement every day. Macron's campaign site and databases were being hit by "hundreds if not thousands" of attacks from locations inside Russia, Ferrand claimed, giving no particular evidence. Macron became the target of these attacks as they call for a strong Europe that stands up to Russia, while other candidates are more "friendly" to Moscow, they said.
Source: TASS
Taylor Townsend gets big win
Czech tennis player Karolina Pliskova talks about identical twin
1:13
The House has approved an election-year bill to revive the mothballed nuclear waste dump at Nevada's Yucca Mountain despite opposition from home-state lawmakers.
Nevada's congressional delegation and governor have said they are opposed to the bill.
"The health and safety of Nevadans is not for sale to the nuclear power industry," Congresswoman Dina Titus (D) said.
"Why should a state without a single nuclear power plant of its own be forced against its will to house all of our nation's nuclear waste?" Sen. Dean Heller (R) said.
Many Nevadans don't want to reopen Yucca Mountain, but some in rural areas support it.
RELATED: The push to restart Yucca Mountain
Officials in Nye County said they're happy the House approved the bill because they want the licensing process for Yucca Mountain to move forward.
"We're in favor of hearing the science, seeing if it can be done safely. We've already heard from the national labs. They believe the science is sound and it can be done safely," Nye County Commissioner Dan Schinhofen said.
They called the potential economic boost to Nye County and surrounding areas a game changer.
"We would welcome the 2,500 construction jobs that will go on for about 20 years and the 1,000 full time jobs that will happen after." Schinhofen said.
The House approved the bill, 340-72. It goes to the Senate, where Nevada's two senators have vowed to block it.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
We here at The Loop are curious folk. Thus, when we gathered three golfers of varying skill levels to test how alcohol affects their game earlier this spring, we left unsatisfied. Sure, the test was a success, with ample data showing that distance and mid-range putting remain relatively consistent while accuracy takes a head-first plunge into the drunk tank. But we couldn't help but wonder: How would marijuana impact your game by comparison?
To the answer that question, we packed our bags and headed for the sunny, free-lovin' fairways of California, where weed, ganja, grass, Mary Jane, and Jeff Goldbloom (OK, we made that last one up) is not only legal, but an inextricable part of everyday life. Once there, we set up the same test: Three players—Jack, a high handicap, Scott, a mid handicap, and Willie, a low handicap—track their driving, approach play, and putting, only this time while consuming marijuana instead of alcohol. When the air cleared and the smoke settled, here's what we found.
SOBER
After undergoing a sobriety test by the on-site EMT, each player hit five drives, five approaches, and five putts in order to establish a baseline. As you can see, while distance does not always directly correlate with skill, iron accuracy does. Putting, meanwhile, is a free-for-all. Just ask the pros.
6 MILLIGRAMS THC
After one vape pen dosage—approximately 6 milligrams of THC—per player, distance jumped for Willie and Scott by 13 and 19 yards respectively, while approach accuracy diminished for everyone but Jack, who cited a "more relaxed" state of mind for their improvement. Putting accuracy also decreased by exactly 20% across the board. In layperson's terms, the results were consistent with what you might notice while playing Madden on your couch after smoking a joint: Reduced inhibition and a greater willingness to go for it—see the improved distance figures—as well as a small breakdown in fine motor control—see approach and putting accuracy (also why you just lateraled it to the other team when you meant to juke).
18 MILLIGRAMS THC
The second dosage was a double, bringing each player's THC consumption to 18 milligrams. This seemed to be the sweet spot, with all three players improving on distance, two of three improving on approach accuracy, and two of three making four of five putts. Welcome to "The Zone," gentlemen.
34 MILLIGRAMS THC
Putting the vape pens down, Willie, Scott, and Jack split a joint, upping their THC intake to approximately 34 milligrams per person. Driving remained up across the board when compared to sobriety (everyone is always motivated to crush one when the cameras are rolling), but marijuana-related fatigue started to creep in, with Jack claiming they were "too tired" for the iron accuracy test when it reared its ugly head once again. And ugly it was, with accuracy down an average of 35.3 feet from the 16 milligram figures. As high handicapper Chris so eloquently put it during our alcohol test, "putting continued to be putting."
50 MILLIGRAMS THC
With 50 milligrams of THC in their systems, Willie, Scott, and Jack were more or less begging for the finish line. At this stage, the most important numbers were 8 1/2, 7, and 9—their answers to "how high are you on a scale of 1-10?" Driving distance for Willie and Jack plummeted (though Scott remained reasonably consistent), while iron accuracy and putting also continued their downward spiral. Jack also became fixated on the hitting the range picker, because obviously.
FINDINGS
Like everything else in life, moderation is key. A little bit of marijuana—in this case, around 18 milligrams—can help to relax muscles and calm nerves, aiding distance and overall tee-to-green performance. Consume in excess of that, however, and focus, energy, hand-eye coordination, and munchies become major impediments. In the most general terms, marijuana use on the golf course reflected our experience with alcohol: A little goes a long way, but a little too much will have you playing from the wrong fairway for the rest of the afternoon.
NOTE: This test was performed in a state where recreational marijuana use is legal on a golf course that had given us express permission to smoke. Participants were provided with an Uber home. Try this in Georgia or Wisconsin, and you have equally fascinating sociological experiment on your hands, but we don't recommend it.
SAN MATEO — When Burlingame introduced Lime Bikes as the city-approved dockless bike sharing company in January, San Mateo officials got curious.
“We discovered that bike share users don't really recognize or respect city boundaries,” Kathy Kleinbaum, San Mateo's deputy city manager explained by phone. “And once Lime Bikes started showing up in San Mateo, we asked Burlingame about their experience.”
Last week, the San Mateo City Council approved a plan to make the local company's bike fleet their city-approved bikes, too.
This isn't San Mateo's first experience with their own fleet of shared bikes. The city had welcomed a fleet of dockable bikes in 2016, after it was rejected by the Bay Area Bike Share program; the 7,000 blue, Ford bike share racks all over the region. Back then, San Mateo contracted New York-based Social Bikes for $90,000 a year, becoming the only city on the peninsula to bring in its own bike-share program.
This isn't to say that the contract with Social Bikes wasn't working.
“We were planning to expand, to grow the fleet in the city, but we were hitting some operational walls and obstacles,” said Kleinbaum. “Then we found out Lime Bikes was a local company, and so we reached out.”
Lime Bikes said it would operate its dockless fleet of bikes, e-bikes and scooters at no cost to the city. The bikes have GPS, 3-G, and self-locking technology, so that all wheeled transport in the fleet may be locked, tracked and opened by users who have the company's app.
“We respectfully ended out contract with Social Bikes and negotiated the new deal with Lime Bikes,” Kleinbaum said.
Starting May 1, the company will roll out its 300 bikes, e-bikes and scooters on the streets of San Mateo. Though Kleinbaum noted that the scooters — a growing nuisance in San Francisco that has prompted rounding up entire fleets at night — will be the last of the fleet to come out. Bikes and e-bikes will be on sidewalks first, Kleinbaum said.
All Lime Bikes will be parked in as yet to be determined Home Zones that will be mapped by the company's app and can't be parked in zones adjacent to or in any way blocking: loading zones, passenger loading zones, disabled parking zones, automobile street parking spaces, curb ramps, entryways, driveways, and street furniture and pathways that require pedestrian access (e.g. benches, play structures). Bikes parked in residential areas that don't get in the way can stay, but if a complaint is lodged, it's the company's responsibility to move it immediately.
“We'll try this for a year,” Kleinbaum said. “We hope this time around the agreement works for the city.”
Getty
Needing just one point to officially qualify for the 2018 World Cup, Costa Rica is set to host Honduras, a squad that is still hanging on to an outside shot of advancing to its third successive World Cup.
Kendall Waston's equalized in the 68th minute when these teams met in March in San Pedro Sula, as they fought to a 1-1 draw.
For viewers in the United States, the match is scheduled to start at 10 p.m. ET and will be broadcast on beIN Sports and beIN Sports Deportes. If you don't have cable, you can watch a live stream via a free trial of one of the following cable-free, live-TV services:
Fubo TV: “Fubo Premier” includes both beIN Sports and beIN Sports Deportes and is the best package channel package for watching as many World Cup qualifiers as possible. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Fubo app.
Sling TV: The “Sling Blue” plus “Sports-Extra” package includes just beIN Sports. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Each of these options includes a free trial, so you can watch the match at no cost.
CONCACAF World Cup Qualifying Table
Pos Team W-D-L GD Pts 1 Mexico 5-3-0 +8 18 2 Costa Rica 4-3-1 +7 15 3 Panama 2-4-2 +2 10 4 United States 2-3-3 +1 9 5 Honduras 2-3-3 -7 9 6 Trinidad and Tobago 1-0-7 -11 3
Looking to return to the World Cup to follow up on their magical 2014 run, Costa Rica needs just one point to officially qualify for Russia. Even if they somehow lose their last two matches, Honduras and the United States (or Honduras and Panama) would have to win each of their two matches and surpass Costa Rica in goal differential, which is highly unlikely.
For Honduras, they're still technically alive, but with matches against the Top 2 teams on the table remaining and a goal differential of negative-seven, they have lots of work to do and will need some help along the way.
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed their daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and they tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," they said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, they said they aspire to follow their daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." they paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of them for standing up. They had more courage than I did. They had more courage than I did. They had a stubborn backbone. They thought they were right. They would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," they added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with their conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way their daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to them to speak up for people that they felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and they saw in the lives of many of their African-American friends particularly and their gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that their life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," they added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
Mansfield Town winger Alex MacDonald could be fit by the weekend to give the Stags a chance of a fully fit squad to travel to bogey side Accrington Stanley.
MacDonald has recovered well from minor knee surgery and will play some part in a behind-closed-doors friendly at Peterborough United tomorrow afternoon.
David Mirfin, who was rested due to a slight knee injury on Saturday, is also back in training today while all traces of last week's virus in the camp seem to be on the way out as Stags prepare to play an Accrington side they have failed to beat in their last 11 meetings.
“Alex will probably play for 45 minutes or an hour at Peterborough – we've not decided yet,” said manager Steve Evans.
“We will probably judge it on the day to see how they are feeling at the 45-minute mark. They have trained for three or four days now and was back in full contact on Friday. “I have been up and watched them this morning and they are looking particularly bright.
“He is always a cheeky chappy. They were trying to pull my shirts down from the back! They had better watch their haircut as I will be giving them one.”
On the side to face the Posh tomorrow, they added: “It will be the boys that need some game time.
“I don't need to tell you who's not up there with the minutes from the start of the season.
“They will get some game time, whether it's 45, 60 or 90 minutes.
“We will see when we get there with one eye on Accrington on Saturday.
“We must make sure everyone is really competitive Thursday and Friday to be playing at Accrington. “Chances are we will be playing a totally different game up there to what we had against Forest Green. They are both good opponents.
“Accrington lost a high-scoring game down at Yeovil on Saturday. I have watched that back and it has to be said perhaps they should have won the game.
“We are trying to make sure we give everyone an opportunity as, chances are it won't be the same team.”
On Mirfin's injury, Evans said: “If we were 10 games in on Saturday and didn't have another game for another week then David would have played on Saturday.
“The fact was they had played the full game at Crewe and had another tough game in hazardous conditions on Tuesday with the way the weather was against Rochdale. And they did get a clatter on their knee late on. “But they have trained today and he's fine.”
Evans was pleased to see the back of a virus that the club kept quiet last week.
“I think there are still one or two that are a little bit down with it.
“Jacob Mellis was down with it a bit so it made it easy for Paul Digby to play, even though I thought Jacob played well at Crewe.
“Lee Angol was probably the worst affected but a few others surprised me with their energy levels on Saturday – Will Atkinson and Paul Anderson were suffering a little bit.
“They are running 12.5 kilometres in a game – it's incredible.
“We look back at these stats and we can see everyone gave everything for the cause on Saturday, which is what we need to do for 46 League games.
“If we can do that and be as hard-working as the opposition for 46 games we will be in the shake-up at the end.”
‘What's merry about all this, you ask?” Thus began a Christmas Eve message from Gen. Anthony McAuliffe to their troops besieged at the Belgian town of Bastogne. Adolf Hitler had...
Why it matters to you As streaming services continue to grow and cable subscriptions continue to shrink, major changes to the ways we watch could be on the horizon.
For years, streaming services like Netflix and Hulu have been eating away at the cable television industry, as cord-cutters realize they can get much of the same content (and more) in affordable, convenient ways. Now that we all have screens in our pockets (and in our backpacks, briefcases, and purses), watching live TV has become a burden, with lots of our favorite shows available for instantaneous viewing.
On Wednesday, an article published by Statista reinforces the notion that Netflix could singlehandedly spell doom for the archaic cable paradigm. According to the chart, the DVD delivery service-turned-streaming heavyweight now boasts 50.9 million subscribers — more than the 48.6 million customers currently subscribed to major cable TV companies, per Leichtman Research Group (these “major cable TV companies” include Comcast, Charter, Altice, Mediacom, CableOne, and Cox, together making up 95 percent of the cable market).
Although that 48.6 million number does not include subscribers to satellite TV companies like Dish Network or internet TV services like Sling (in total, there are nearly 100 million subscribers to paid TV services), it still paints a vivid picture of the shifting entertainment landscape, as more and more viewers turn to streaming solutions for access to their favorite content. Curiously, Netflix's rise seems to be largely self-sustained and not simply a product of cord-cutting: While Netflix's subscription numbers have skyrocketed by 27 million since the first quarter of 2012, cable subscriptions have only dropped by 4 million in the same window, which is not catastrophic by any means.
It is possible that Netflix's growth is partially due to its ever-growing library of Netflix Original shows and movies, many of which have earned critical acclaim, and none of which are available anywhere outside the platform. Given the staggering rate at which Netflix commissions new content (and the varied selection of actors and directors that have worked with the company), it is difficult to envision it slowing down anytime soon.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Christina Abbotts was described as "sweet and loving" by their family
A man accused of murdering a woman who failed to turn up for their birthday party is facing a trial.
The body of Christina Abbotts, 29, was found at a flat in Highams Hill, Gossops Green, in Crawley, on 25 May.
The preliminary cause of death from a post-mortem examination was blunt force trauma to the head, Sussex Police said.
Zahid Naseem, 47, of Elm Close, in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, appeared at Hove Crown Court, where the date for a trial was set for 10 December.
The business person is due back in court on 16 July to enter a plea.
Mr Naseem's lawyer, Lewis Power QC, said: "I have taken instructions that would indicate a not guilty plea to the charge of murder."
By JUSTICE CAMPBELL
Social media has become a major presence in our lives today, but the question that is raised is, “What has the internet and social media done to us?” John Lanchester writes in the course of their studies at Stanford, “Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel, an early investor in the company, became interested in the ideas of the US-based French philosopher René Girard, as advocated in their most influential book, Things Hidden since the Foundation of the World.” They were most especially interested in a concept they called “mimetic desire.”
Lanchester goes on to say, ”Human beings are born with a need for food and shelter. Once these fundamental necessities of life have been acquired, we look around us at what other people are doing, and wanting, and we copy them.” “Imitation is at the root of all behavior,” explains Thiel. Thiel saw in Facebook a business that was Girardian to its core. It was built on people's deep need to copy. Yet few of it's users, have clearly perceived that essential aspect of Facebook and other social media platforms.
Despite having died decades before their development, Marshall McLuhan would have caught on right away. For some reason we in the 21st Century have not caught on and they understood why we haven't. The author of Understanding Media and The Medium is the Message said, ”For the past 3500 years of the Western world, the effects of media — whether it's speech, writing, printing, photography, radio or television — have been systematically overlooked by social observers.” An in-depth 1969 interview with Playboy magazine stated, ”Even in today's revolutionary electronic age, scholars evidence few signs of modifying this traditional stance of ostrich-like disregard.”
This statement broke professor McLuhan's ideas to an even wider audience than they'd had before. McLuhan diagnosed a “peculiar form of self-hypnosis” they called “Narcissus narcosis, a syndrome whereby man remains as unaware of the psychic and social effects of their new technology as a fish of the water it swims in. As a result, precisely at the point where a new media-induced environment becomes all pervasive and transmogrifies our sensory balance, it also becomes invisible.”
“Most people, from truck drivers to the literary Brahmins, are still blissfully ignorant of what the media do to them; unaware that because of their pervasive effects on man, it is the medium itself that is the message, not the content, and unaware that the medium is also the massage — that, all puns aside, it literally works over and saturates and molds and transforms every sense ratio. The content or message of any particular medium has about as much importance as the stenciling on the casing of an atomic bomb.” As per McLuhan's perspective on the subject.
“The inherent tendency to focus on the messages within the media make us blind to the limits and structures imposed by the mediums themselves,” McLuhan pointed out. According to McLuhan, each time a society develops a new media technology, “all other functions of that society tend to be transmuted to accommodate that new form” as that technology “saturates every institution of that society.” Thus proving the consequences of being blind.
This went for speech, writing, print, and the telegraph as well as it goes for “social media platforms like Twitter, which reduce expressive possibilities to 140 characters of text or expressing one's self through the ‘re-tweeting' of posts by others.”
At one time McLuhan believed that only the interpretive work of the artist, “who has had the power — and courage — of the seer to read the language of the outer world and relate it to the inner world,” could allow the rest of us to recognize the thoroughgoing effects of technology on society. However, “the new environment of electric information” had made possible “a new degree of perception and critical awareness by non artists.” If we take a step back and analyze this more of us can understand our affliction by mimetic desire, Narcissus narcosis, or any number of other troubling conditions. What to do about them still remains an open question.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Johnny Edward Jackson, Jr.
A fugitive from justice from another state, who was residing in Dresden, faces multiple charges, after a high-speed chase ended in their capture.
Johnny Edward Jackson, Jr., 46, of 937 Pikeview Street, Dresden, is charged with violation of the sex offender registry, being a fugitive from justice, felony evading arrest (risk of death or injury – vehicle involved), driving on a revoked driver's license, and four counts of reckless endangerment.
Four Sheriff's Department vehicles and two Dresden Police units were involved in pursuing and arresting the defendant.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
The generation gap between Chromebooks and Windows PCs continues to narrow as Chrome OS begins to leverage current chipsets like the 8th gen Kaby Lake processors from Intel. Devices like the Acer Chromebook Spin 13 will house some of the most powerful mobile CPUs on the market but developers are already looking ahead to bigger and better things for Google's operating system.
We're still anxiously awaiting the emergence of the first-ever AMD Chromebook and as my sources have informed me, they are drawing very near to the actual production stages of the Raven Ridge devices.
However, a new player has joined the team and it looks like there will eventually be a Chromebook powered by Intel's Kaby Lake G processor that is an unlikely collaboration with none other than their competitor AMD. Announced earlier this year at CES, the Kaby Lake G series processors feature Intel's 8th gen CPU combined with AMD's Radeon RX Vega M graphics together in an all-in-one space-saving solution.
The folks over at XDA Developers have unearthed a commit that brings the new hybrid chipset to the Chrome OS ecosystem.
Kidd
Added to the Chromium repository last week, the device codenamed ‘Kidd' has been clearly labeled as “experimental” so I wouldn't expect to see an actual Intel/AMD Chromebook any time this year.
We know that GPU support is currently in the works for the still-evolving Crostini project that brings Linux apps to Chrome OS in native form. If and when Chromebooks are able to fully leverage GPU power, the hybrid Kaby Lake chip could bring gain a major edge over devices with the traditional Intel HD graphics embedded on the chipset.
Until we see these processors in the flesh, we can only speculate at best but based on PC user's benchmarks the Kaby Lake G series will bring at the very least an 18% performance boost over the 8th gen Kaby Lake U series that will be coming in the next round of Chromebooks such as the Acer Spin 13. If our preliminary scores from the Acer are anywhere near accurate, the G-series could come out pushing Octance scores around 40,000.
Yeah, that's insane
Again, I wouldn't hold out on buying a new Chromebook in the hopes of seeing one of these any time soon but it's exciting to see Chrome OS getting the same attention and love as other platforms. We'll keep a close eye on ‘Kidd' in the hopes of learning more.
Shop Chromebooks On Amazon
Source: Chromium Repository via XDA
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Some of the top items for discussion at Monday night's Sharon City Board meeting involved a racial profiling policy for the Sharon Police Department, the donation of land for community activities, a grant for walking trail improvements, and an audit of the City's financial records.
Chief Chandler stated that a racial profiling policy for the Sharon Police Department must be approved, in accordance with the law. The policy requires all law enforcement agencies to adopt a written policy by January 2016 banning racial profiling.
Martin Alderman Randy Edwards donated a portion of a parcel of land they purchased recently to the City of Sharon. The property, located at the southeast corner of South Woodlawn and East Main Street, has been utilized by the Sharon Senior Center for playing horseshoes and other activities for quite some time. Although Edwards resides in Martin, they state their ancestors have been residing in the Sharon area since the early 1800s. For this reason, they feel a special bond with the community and wants the City to have the property.
(See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
One of the recent shared links asks whether Ivanka Trump or Tiffany Trump is "the sexiest Trump."
The image itself has been around since at least January on religious forums. In short, Tiffany's post is unlikely to have been made by Tiffany Trump herself.
BuzzFeed News has reached out to The White House to ask about the post but has not yet heard back. The post will be updated if we do.
Cast of "Stranger Things 2" (credit: Netflix)
The geniuses over at Bad Lip Reading have tackled the NFL, the Presidential Debates, and have even lampooned Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Now, they are entering the upside down with Netflix Stranger Things.
Enjoy …
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find them on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke of Cambridge has teamed up with pop superstar Lady Gaga to encourage people to open up about their feelings and bring an end to the "shame" of talking about mental health issues.
In a video watched by around 15,000 people live on Facebook, William and Lady Gaga chatted about how important speaking freely about mental health can be in helping to shatter the stigma around it.
The Duke said: "It's time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health, it's the same as physical health. Everybody has mental health and we shouldn't be ashamed of it and just having a conversation with a friend or family member can really make such a difference."
William, who with their brother Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge have championed the Heads Together campaign, has has called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture, saying they want Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May praised Prince Harry for their bravery in revealing that they sought counselling to come to terms with the death of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
The Senate, yesterday, set up an eight-member ad-hoc committee to investigate allegations of corruption, nepotism and misuse of office levelled against the Inspector General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris by Senator Isah Misau (APC, Bauchi Central).
The committee, chaired by Deputy Chief Whip, Senator Francis Alimikhena (APC, Edo North) has as members Senators Joshua Lidani (PDP, Gombe South); Binta Masi Garba (APC, Adamawa North); Suleiman Hunkuyi (APC, Kaduna North); and Nelson Effiong (APC, Akwa Ibom South).
Others are Obinna Ogba (Ebonyi Central); Duro Faseyi (PDP, Ekiti); and Abdulaziz Murtala Nyako.
The committee is also to investigate the IGP on alleged misappropriation of funds, illegal promotion, posting of senior officers and claims that they impregnated a female police officer.
The decisions of the Senate were sequel to a point of order raised by Senator Misau, yesterday, during plenary when they accused the Inspector-General of Police of diverting funds meant for the purchase of Armoured Personnel Carriers (APCs), to buy luxury vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, also mandated the Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions led by Samuel Anyanwu to investigate claims by the IGP that Misau deserted the police force, just as the committee was given two weeks to report back.
Saraki said: “We have listened to our colleague and we cannot ignore the allegations. We have a duty to fight corruption. These matters are weighty; we will set up an ad-hoc committee to investigate these allegations and report back to the Senate.
“The ad-hoc committee we set up will deal with all the allegations about misappropriation of funds made against the IGP. We will refer the other issues about personal misconduct against the IGP to the Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions for investigations,” they said.
It would be recalled that the fight between Misau and the Inspector-General of Police started in August, when the Senator claimed that police officers paid bribes to get favourable postings and promotions.
But the police hierarchy, through the Force spokesperson, Jimoh Moshood dismissed the claims as unfounded and that they were only out to discredit the institution.
Jimoh also alleged that Misau deserted the Force and would soon be declared wanted to respond to a disciplinary committee set up to probe him.
Presenting their point of order, Misau noted that the IGP was yet to respond to all the allegations they made against him.
Misau, who noted that they had been having a running battle with the IGP over their concern on the level of corruption in the Nigeria Police Force, said it became imperative for them to bring the matter before the Senate because it had been in public domain for some weeks.
Meanwhile, the in-laws of the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr. Ibrahim Idris have threatened to sue Senator Isah Hamman Misau for lying against their daughter.
The family of Mrs Asta Idris said that Misau had on the floor of the Senate alleged that the IGP married Asta secretly in Kaduna after allegedly impregnating them
The family faulted Misau, and explained that their daughter got married to the IGP publicly at the Sultan Bello Mosque, Kaduna.
A member of the family, Mr. Nasiru Baba Saleh told newsmen yesterday, that Misau lied against their daughter and that they must prove the allegations in court.
“Truly, we're seriously angry, because this is a girl that grew up in a responsible way.
“She got a very good upbringing, and we married them out peacefully. We see no reason why this man will come publicly inside the chamber of the Senate to say the man impregnated them before they married them
“What is their proof? This issue has gone viral on the social media. Both the mom and dad are crying. What kind of defamation is this? We have evidence. We have the pictures and everything. The commissioner of police and DC Operations were there.''
They explained that the wedding was done publicly and marriage certificate was issued to them.
“We'll have to sue them for defamation of character of the girl and the family.
“We'll do that within the week. We'll file the matter, and we'll go with all the evidence, including invitation cards and everything.
Misau should come out to prove the allegation that Asta was married out with pregnancy.
Groups of young people clashed with police in the western French city of Nantes late Tuesday after a 22-year-old man was shot dead by an officer during a police check.
Cars were burned and a shopping centre partly set alight in the Breil neighbourhood as police confronted young people, some armed with Molotov cocktails.
The circumstances in which the man was killed are being investigated by the police.
The incident occurred around 8:30pm when police stopped a vehicle over an infraction, local police chief Jean-Christophe Bertrand said.
The identity of the driver was "not clear and officers received orders to bring the driver to the police station." The driver then hit and slightly injured a police officer, they added.
"One of their colleagues then fired, hitting the young man who unfortunately died," they said.
Police sources confirmed the young man was wounded during a police check while in a vehicle after they "refused to comply" with police requests.
They were hit in the carotid artery and declared dead on arrival at hospital, the police sources said.
National police are investigating to clarify "the facts and determine in what circumstances the police officer used their weapon," said Pierre Sennes, the public prosecutor for Nantes.
Steven, 24, who lives in the area, told an AFP news agency journalist that they had "heard explosions" and headed to investigate.
"I saw everything burning. There were fires in the bins, the cars. They were breaking everything. It lasted ages," they said, adding that things later calmed down.
Violence also broke out in two other sensitive areas, Dervallieres and Malakoff, where vehicles were also set on fire.
Police reinforcements are expected in Nantes, especially in the Breil neighbourhood, which was already on high alert after an incident last week possibly involving a military weapon, according to a source close to the case.
(with AFP)
MEXICO CITY — Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 60 mph by Friday afternoon and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before brushing by the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
The storm was located about 80 miles east of the Mexican resort island of Cozumel and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 21 mph.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokesperson, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday they had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. They didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesperson for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “dark on Saturday.”
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(LEONARDTOWN, Md.) — One crewmember died and two others were injured after a U.S. Army Blackhawk helicopter crashed at a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland, during a “routine training flight” shortly before 2 p.m. EST Monday, officials told ABC News.
The survivors, in critical and serious condition respectively, were transported to the University of Maryland R. Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore, the Army said.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation, the Army said.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” said Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, commanding general, Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington. “Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
The UH-60 Blackhawk, from the 12th Aviation Battalion, was stationed at Davison Airfield in Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Foreign Ministry Tapeball set for Sunday
The Foreign Ministry Sports promotion team will be hosting a Tapeball competition on Sunday at the National Cultural Centre tarmac starting at 09:00hrs.
Entrance fee is $10,000 and teams are asked to note that national players are not allowed to take part. Entries close tomorrow and registration can be made through James Lewis on 628-1656 or 666-5857.
The winning team will take home a trophy and $75,000 and the runner up a trophy and $40,000. The bowler with the most wickets and the best batsman in the final will also be rewarded. The competition is open to any team.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. (Source: David B. Gleason/Wikicommons)
By LOLITA C. BALDOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months - or by July 2017 - transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government "will not accept or allow" transgender troops to serve "in any capacity" in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
"The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
"It doesn't have any basis in science," they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Stephen Paddock unleashed their rampage through two broken windows at the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
A security dispatcher at Mandalay Bay told police that the casino did not immediately call 911 or Metro dispatch after receiving reports of an active shooter from a wounded security officer on the 32nd floor.
This is one of four articles released by FOX5 since 1,234 pages of witness reports were released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department on Wednesday.
[RELATED: Police interviewed Jesus Campos for 15 minutes after 1 October]
[RELATED: At least 2 witnesses say they saw shooter's girlfriend on weekend of 1 October]
[RELATED: Witnesses give new descriptions of suspicious persons from 1 October]
[RELATED: Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage]
Jesus Campos, who called their security team to tell them that they thought they were hit in the leg with a "pellet gun," reported the shots directly from room 32-135.
The Mandalay Bay dispatcher, who said they did not speak to Campos directly, told armed security to respond to the 32nd floor. They then said they called an ambulance for Campos prior to calling 911 or Metro dispatch. They said this was based on the report of a "pellet gun" and lack of confirmation regarding the shooter's room.
This Mandalay Bay employee, a security dispatcher, said they told only armed security to respond to the 32nd floor. They didn't speak to Campos directly. They didn't call 911 immediately until they had more info from people responding to 32nd floor. #1October #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/oMpXZuqgLl — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 18, 2018
By the time the dispatcher called 911, officers had arrived at the Mandalay Bay security office, the dispatcher told police.
"I identified myself and who I was and (the operator) stated, um, 'You're my main contact, please do not hang up this phone,'" the Mandalay Bay dispatcher described. "I handed (a Metro officer) the phone... then that's when, um, they took over the 911 dispatch call."
"I felt kinda useless, because my main job in there is answering phones and they have my main line," they continued.
The name is redacted, but this looks like Jesus Campos' statement... taken at 2:35 AM on October 2, 2017. #1October #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/xwjipk41Fr — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 16, 2018
"Don't get me wrong, no one's in trouble here," Detective B. Hodson told the security dispatcher.
In another recorded interview, Hodson asked a different security dispatcher (who did not call 911) why Campos would be simultaneously reporting a "pellet gun" and an active shooter.
Detective B. Hodson seems confused during this interview.
They ask a Mandalay Bay security dispatcher... Why would Jesus Campos say they were shot with a pellet gun if there was an active shooter and they were listening to gunfire? pic.twitter.com/UhyH6PLWEG — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 19, 2018
The dispatcher who did NOT call 911 confirms that Mandalay Bay called an ambulance for Jesus Campos before their colleague called 911/ Metro.
"Guys are killin' me here," the detective responds.
Without being in the room for context, hard to tell what exactly that officer means... pic.twitter.com/E28okKiOHg — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 19, 2018
A Mandalay Bay employee who works in surveillance and security says one of the cameras on the roof “that I consider vital for our security to see” was out when they arrived for work on October 2nd.
They aren't working October 1st. #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/h0MWFdnusE — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 18, 2018
The witness reports released by Metro did not include a statement or interview with Stephen Schuck, the engineer who responded to Paddock's room on the 32nd floor on the night of the shooting.
Stay with FOX5 for continuing updates on this story.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
President Trump campaigned on a promise to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, which they called “unfair” to the United States. At a joint press conference Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, however, Trump said their administration would only be “tweaking” NAFTA.
Businesses across the continent are watching the issue closely, including American ranchers who have seen beef exports to Mexico balloon since the 1994 trade deal between the U.S., Canada and Mexico.
Here & Now‘s Peter O'Dowd talks with Kevin Kester, a fifth-generation California rancher and incoming president of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, about how the new administration's trade policies could impact their industry.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola misses the pressure associated with coaching in the Bundesliga and LaLiga, though they love English supporters.
It has been a topsy-turvy start to life for Guardiola in England, their attacking football mixed with defensive deficiencies as City fight to secure Champions League qualification.
City's fans have stuck by the team through the good times and the bad this term with City languishing in fourth in the Premier League, which has delighted Guardiola, whose side were eliminated by Monaco in the last 16 of the Champions League.
However, former Bayern Munich and Barcelona boss Guardiola insisted the best teams in the world thrive in high-pressure environments following City's 3-0 win at Southampton.
"Sometimes when you realise you cannot lose, when you feel the pressure, the real pressure because you would be so criticised, the players make a step forward," Guardiola said.
"Do the players believe they cannot lose? If you want to become a stronger club and a stronger team you cannot drop points at home; because our quality is higher we cannot drop points. The difference is the mentality, not the quality, which is always there.
"Here I miss a little bit the pressure. In Spain, especially in Germany, the pressure is higher to the players, to the manager, to everybody – here it is calm.
"For example, we were out of the Champions League in Monaco, we played three tough games against Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea, so we did not win one game but our game against Hull City, our supporters [cheering] helped us and supported us and in Italy and Spain that does not happen."
Hate Crimes Up In North East After EU Vote
Hate crimes have gone up to record levels in parts of the North East following last year's EU referendum.
Northumbria Police saw the number of cases go up by 48%, one of the biggest rises in the country.
The force received 394 reports of hate crimes in the three months following the country's vote to Leave the EU in June.
That's its highest ever for quarterly figures.
Similarly, Cleveland Police also dealt with a record 159 cases in the same time period, which was a hike of 29%.
Durham Police received 66 reports of hate crimes, up 16% on previous figures.
33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months before the referendum.
Lucy Hastings, director at Victim Support, revealed the charity last year supported 16,000 victims of hate crime in England and Wales and confirmed a spike in referrals in the immediate aftermath of the referendum.
They said the rise could be linked to increased publicity about hate crimes, which ``encouraged more people to report or seek support''.
They added: ``Hate crime has no place in our society and every victim of this crime is one too many."
A cacophony of proposals to protect renters in San Jose's insane housing market will dominate Tuesday's city council meeting. Advocates will be out in force, energized by new outrages against renters and, since the November election, by a more sympathetic city council.
Related Articles San Jose: Renter advocates on hunger strike until vote
Opinion: ‘Just cause' wouldn't be needed if San Jose enforced current law
Opinion: San Jose should stand against unjust evictions
East Bay family fights eviction after fire
San Jose landlord evicting tenants to house vets at higher rents Some proposals on the agenda should pass. Requiring compensation for displaced tenants when a rent-controlled property is being renovated or replaced is one. Another is closing a loophole in current law that allowed unscrupulous landlords to evict low–income tenants and re-rent to others who have Section 8 housing vouchers that pay more. Owners who recently gamed a veterans housing program this way have become a flash point.
But the big-picture goal for activists Tuesday is to finally pass a “just-cause” eviction law requiring landlords citywide to show reason whenever they evict a tenant.
That still needs some work.
The city housing staff had been told to design a tenant-protection ordinance to prevent landlords from retaliating when renters complain about conditions. Unfortunately, the proposed enforcement seems complex and threatens the rise of a whole new city bureaucracy. The same could be true enforcing a broader just-cause law.
Mayor Sam Liccardo says the cost of oversight and enforcement, including more staff, needs to be clearer, and so does how to pay that cost. Existing legal protections are little enforced now because the housing department is so short staffed. A new law will be a sham if enforcement isn't fair and adequately funded.
The proposed rules on renovating or replacing old rent-controlled apartments also need work. Housing staff proposed that when owners plan to build more units, all of the new apartments should be rent controlled, not just the number that existed originally.
Liccardo says two-thirds of the rent-controlled units in the city are at least 60 years old, and many are poorly constructed. Some 10,000 renters live in buildings that are seismically unsafe.
It's important for the health of the city that these buildings be rebuilt or replaced over time. And many, particularly downtown, should be far taller than the current two or three stories. But if owners had to keep all the new units rent controlled — or even if they wanted to — they'd be highly unlikely to get financing for new construction. It's hard enough to get loans now for market rate housing downtown.
There is momentum for “just-cause” today. Liccardo supports the idea, if the city can work out how to administer it efficiently and how to keep investment flowing into the city's older housing stock. Dev Davis, the most conservative of the new council members, wants to protect tenants from retaliation.
But Tuesday's barrage of proposals, new and old, need sorting out. And if enforcement will be expensive, then the funding source, whether new or a re-allocation from other services, should be clear.
They may have only played 45 minutes for the first team last month, but Crystal Palace defender Pape Souare looks like the clear favourite to win the Eagles' player of the month award.
The club posted earlier today a poll for the award for September, with Luka Milivojevic, Bakary Sako, Andros Townsend and Souare listed as the contenders.
That is despite Souare only playing 45 minutes in the Carabao Cup third round tie against Huddersfield Town, with the Senegalese defender making their comeback to the first team after one year out having been involved in a car crash on the M4 last September.
They sustained thigh and jaw bone injuries in the crash, and there had been fears over whether they would be able to play football again, but they have worked hard and completed their recovery with the substitute appearance in the cup tie at Selhurst Park.
And according to around 50 per cent of the fans who have voted in the poll, that is enough for them to win the award in a month when Palace has only scored one goal, with Bakary Sako's strike against Huddersfield the only other cause for cheer as the Eagles lost all four Premier League games in the month, leaving them bottom of the table with no points, and no goals, from seven league games so far.
See some of the tweets from Palace fans below.
Las Vegas Metropolitan police had asked for help in locating a missing woman named Betty Glenn.
Glenn, 70, was last seen May 11, 2018 in the west Las Vegas area near Buffalo Drive and Westcliffe Drive, according to police.
Police said Glenn suffers from dementia and may not be able to identify or care for herself.
All hospitals in the valley have been asked to check their registries for Glenn and to notify police immediately if Glenn is found, according to police.
Metro Police said Saturday afternoon that Glenn had been located and is safe.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
One political strategist said: "It may just be that Facebook's way around all this is just 'pay us cash'."
When Mark Zuckerberg announced that they would change Facebook's News Feed algorithm to prioritise content produced by friends over posts by pages, it caused consternation in news organisations around the world as publishers tried to figure out the impact it would have on their readership.
But they were not the only ones to feel anxious about the social media giant's move. Britain's political parties, which over the last few general elections have increasingly used the world's largest social media network to target voters and spread their message, fear that the algorithm change could turn their online campaigning operations upside down. Tory and Labour digital strategists have told BuzzFeed News that their ability to reach millions of ordinary voters could be under threat as a result of Zuckerberg's tweak. Senior staff at both leading parties have raised concerns, with meetings arranged to discuss the issue. Craig Elder helped pioneer the large-scale use of paid-for targeted political Facebook advertising in the UK for the Tories in the 2015 general election, the first time in more than 20 years the party won a clear majority. They told BuzzFeed News that if Zuckerberg makes good on their promise to reduce the amount of professional content in the News Feed – meaning people are more likely to see a relative's holiday pictures than post by a politician or news outlet – it could force parties to adopt a strategy that requires them to spend millions of pounds buying targeted Facebook adverts. "If where we end up is that people with loads of money are the ones who'll get their particular views heard and everything else gets crushed, then we're pretty much back where we started," Elder said. In last year's snap election, Labour's Facebook strategy relied on reaching people for free with official content, something which benefited the party enormously.
But many of the online campaigning tactics that worked so well for Jeremy Corbyn's party during the 2017 election could be – if not broken – less effective than they were six months ago. Elder speculated: "Tories in 2015 would still work, Labour in 2017 probably not as much." This fear of Facebook forcing politicians to pay to spread their message is widespread among political digital strategists BuzzFeed News spoke to. "If you took an extreme case then Facebook could decide that it's just about people's friends, and adverts," said an individual at the pro-Corbyn campaign group Momentum. "There's no guarantee they won't do that." As another political strategist put it: "It may just be that Facebook's way around all this is just 'pay us cash'." The Conservatives are already desperately trying to catch up with Labour in the world of online campaigning: new party chairperson Brandon Lewis has promised to arm activists with "graphics, GIFs, and videos", while the party's Instagram account no longer posts stern pictures of Michael Fallon.
Advertisement
However, the algorithm change raises the possibility that the Tories could be building a campaign team suitable to fight the last election but not the next one. "People are going to have to look at how to push information out," said Beth Wheatley, a former Tory digital director. "People got lazy. There's going to have to be a back-to-basics reexamining of the sort of content people were using."
The accepted narrative in Westminster around the 2017 general election is that Labour managed to outwit a technophobic Conservative party and circumvent a hostile national press thanks to clever viral videos that pushed a clear message tailored to social media, supported by a new set of left-wing media outlets that dominated the British public's Facebook News Feeds, and tactical advertising buys on services such as Snapchat.
Accepting this version of events allows you to conclude that Labour's online operations could have had a crucial impact in the 19 constituencies Labour won with majorities of fewer than a thousand votes, which in turn was enough to deprive Theresa May of a majority in the House of Commons. Facebook did not to respond to specific requests from BuzzFeed News for comment on how the updated algorithm will affect content produced by British politicians and parties, while a lack of reliable statistics means that measuring the impact of social media campaigning still relies heavily on guesswork and speculation. One individual who had a meeting with the company about the changes suggested that even Facebook's own UK staff weren't exactly sure how it would impact the ability to distribute political material. But the extent to which changes to the algorithm, a piece of code that effectively controls what tens of millions of Britons see when they open Facebook, concern political campaigners is extraordinary. "Political parties might find their advertising suddenly becomes much more expensive," said Wheatley, the former Conservative staffer. "The reason people adopted [Facebook advertising] is that it was much cheaper. The cost per interaction was incredibly low. If all of a sudden it becomes almost as expensive as knocking on a door or sending something through the mail, then there's going to be a look at which things are actually delivering."
One effect of the algorithm changes could be a return to smaller filter bubbles, where supporters of a particular party continue to see large amounts of political material that supports their worldview but it becomes less likely to seep out into the world of undecided voters and people who care little for politics on a day-to-day basis.
"My sense is that the core vanguard will stay as informed as it is before – the Labour supporter with lots of Labour supporters in their feed who still subscribes to lots of Jeremy Corbyn pages," said Alex Krasodomski-Jones, a researcher at the Demos Centre for the Analysis of Social Media, suggesting the changes could result in these tighter, smaller bubbles. "The question is what happens to the floating voter, the disinterested political middle, who doesn't have that same community and is more reliant on traditional sources of news to make decisions about their politics." Labour is aware of the risk that the Facebook changes could potentially damage its ability to reach floating voters. One idea circulated within the party is to have a WhatsApp group of leading activists who agree to share posts on their own Facebook profiles, in order to get content out there and circumvent any News Feed changes. "There could become a question where the seeding doesn't happen through one post by the Labour party, it happens by encouraging lots of independent posts to be created," said a campaigner. Another Labour campaigner said they hoped that their ability to reach voters can be saved by Facebook's decision to prioritise content that prompts lengthy discussion, saying: "Jeremy has huge numbers of comments on their stuff." A lot depends on to what extent Facebook follows through on its plan to downgrade the visibility of professional content in favour of content from friends. Elder, the former Conservative online campaigner, urged caution: "How much of this is real and how much of it is Zuckerberg feeling that they need to get belatedly back in the game and tell a story about Facebook that isn't 'It's terrible for your mental health, it's destroyed politics, it's destroyed news, it just sells all your data to bad people who want to sell you things'?" Krasodomski-Jones speculated that the biggest damage could be to new pro-Corbyn viral news websites such as The Canary and Evolve Politics, which use "sensational, viral-style news" and rely almost entirely on Facebook for distribution. It was these outlets which helped push anti-Tory stories around fox-hunting and the ivory ban into the mainstream. Matt Turner, the deputy editor of Evolve Politics, insisted their site had yet to see a "tangible" change in traffic and hoped to bypass most of the Facebook changes due to its articles going viral in pro-Corbyn Facebook groups at first and then via individuals. "Time will tell, though," they added.
The algorithm change is already forcing political campaigners, like news publishers, to look elsewhere at other social networks, potentially ending an era where Facebook was the only way to get a truly mass online audience for political material.
Traditional news websites could become more important again, as could convincing people to visit official websites and download party-branded apps – one post on culture secretary Matt Hancock's inadvertently popular personal social networking app this week received more interactions than some of the posts on the official Tory party Facebook page. Another option is for national parties to produce templates for local content, which can then be pushed out a constituency level. Momentum, vaunted for its viral videos, is banking on its content being entertaining and engaging enough that it still goes viral on Facebook – even if it's on a smaller scale than before. There's also the question of whether Facebook delivers the voters that parties need, with younger voters more likely to be using services such as Snapchat. One Labour source said the party found it easier to reach voters aged 55 and over with Facebook adverts during the last general election than people aged 18 to 24, since the latter group were less likely to be active on the network. What's clear is that the enormous reach of politicians' own official Facebook pages which, along with millions of posts by individuals, helped upend politics during last year's general election, has not extended beyond the campaign. Data analysis provided to BuzzFeed News by Steve El-Sharawy of EzyInsights shows the enormous drop-off in interest in Facebook material produced by Corbyn, Labour, the Conservatives, and May following the general election.
While the social network turbocharged engagement during the contest, people are less minded to interact without a major national political event. El-Sharawy is also yet to pick up any major shift in how people interact with politicians following Facebook's announced changes: "Either there has not been any change put into action yet, or it's, well, not doing much." This is combined with concerns about the overall drop in time users are spending on Facebook. "The real interesting story is the stuff that came out on the amount of people using the platform," said a Labour campaigner. "A combination of this [algorithm] change and fewer people using it means fewer people are going to get their stuff seen." Meanwhile, new data protection regulations are set to make it even harder for political parties to harvest data. Parties have traditionally built up enormous mailing lists by encouraging people to sign petitions or take part in viral apps, such as when Labour asked people to calculate their NHS baby number. In the process they have harvested hundreds of thousands of email addresses from people who were not necessarily always noticing the small print that said they would be consenting to be bombarded with campaign material. New rules, due to come into force in the coming months, will now require people to actively opt in to the mailing lists – with the onus on the political parties to prove that this took place. The end effect is likely to be a substantial drop-off in the number of people willing to hand over their contact details to politicians. Despite all this, some things about social media have remained the same. El-Sharawy said their analysis of interactions with political material posted by British politicians showed that, despite the changes, there are still certain pieces of content that are guaranteed to do well. They said: "The only time Theresa May was more popular than Corbyn recently was when they posted a picture of a dog."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jim Waterson is a politics editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Jim Waterson at jim.waterson@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
CHICAGO (AP) — Bitcoin futures have fallen back slightly from their overnight high.
At 3:40 a.m. central time (0940 GMT) on Monday, the futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,600.
It opened at 5 p.m. CST at $15,000 and climbed as high as $18,700 in its first day of trading, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The price of a bitcoin was $16,571.03 as of 3:40 a.m. (0940 GMT), according to the bitcoin exchange Coindesk.
Bitcoin futures rise as virtual currency hits major exchange
The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange.
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract opened at $15,000, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website. “Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to http://www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,733.49 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and, as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places,” concentrated frozen orange juice.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairperson of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Even if football fans in awe of the greatest coach and quarterback duo in Bill Belichick and Tom Brady, a lot of people still aren't happy about the Patriots returning to the Super Bowl.
NASCAR driver Clint Bowyer is in that group. A diehard Kansas City sports fan, Bowyer was among several drivers polled by NBC Sports about which team will win Super Bowl LII.
While some drivers made reasonable arguments or proclaimed their fandom for one of the teams, Bowyer took this as an opportunity to complain about the Pats dynasty. They hilariously compared it to seven-time Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson, who won five consecutive titles between 2006 and 2010.
Bowyer said, via NBC Sports:
“I'm pissed off at the Patriots. I'm over the Patriots. Even Jimmie Johnson gave us a breather. Give us some time to get over it and then we might root for you again. But the dude (Tom Brady) is so good. I'm not excited about the Super Bowl because he'll win.”
In a video from NASCAR, Bowyer's answer about who will win the Super Bowl was: “Who gives a (expletive)?”
Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus are expecting a child, according to a report by US Weekly. The couple is due to welcome their child later this year, sources have confirmed. The news comes shortly after after Kruger, 41, appeared to be hiding their baby bump in oversized gowns at the Cannes Film Festival. According to Page Six, Kruger had also been seen avoiding alcohol at events earlier this year.
The stars are yet to make an official announcement on the baby news. This will to be the second child for Reedus, who has an 18-year-old son with their ex-partner Helena Christensen.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Kruger and Reedus First Met While Filming “Sky” and Have Been Spotted Apartment Hunting in New York City
Kruger and The Walking Dead star made their red carpet debut in January at the 2018 Golden Globes, according to US Weekly. Rumors of their blossoming romance first began in March 2017 after they were pictured kissing in New York City.
According to Vogue, when Kruger's featured film In the Fade won for Best Motion Picture, Foreign Language at the Globes, Kruger and Reedus celebrated their win with a kiss, fueling the rumors.
Since then, they have vacationed in Costa Rica together and have been reportedly spotted apartment hunting in New York City. The 41-year-old actor and the 48-year-old walking Dead star were all smiles when they were spotted during a bar crawl in the East Village where they laughed and drank it up at the Mexican Radio, according to the Daily Mail.
The couple first met in 2015 during the filming of Sky, according to US Weekly. Kruger was previously in a ten-year relationship with actor Joshua Jackson. Kruger was previously married to Guilluame Canet from 2001 to 2006 and then dated Jackson from 2006 to July 2016. Reedus dated model Helena Christensen from 1998 to 2003 and the former couple share a son – Mingus Lucien Reedus.
2. Kruger Had Previously Revealed that They were “Over Marriage” but Ready for Motherhood
In 2011, Diana previously revealed that they aren't interested in marriage, but was absolutely open to motherhood and ready to have children.
“No marriage for me. But I definitely want to have kids,” they told InStyle. They added that being a godmother has helped them prepare for children of their own. “I have three goddaughters – I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children – but I try.”
The Inglourious Basterds star previously admitted they had “made a lot of compromises” in their past relationships, but feels different now that they are with Norman, according to Independent.
“There are certain things I won't accept anymore. I think when you're in a long-term relationship, you start making excuses, and you're making a lot of compromises – which obviously you need to make things work – but I think there are certain things that I've learned I don't want to accept anymore … The older I get, it's about focusing on the people that I have left: my mom, my brother, my grandfather and my boyfriend. I just want to be present in my life and not try to project so much into the future.”
3. Rumors About Kruger's Pregnancy Started to Fly After They Reportedly Wore Oversized Gowns to the Cannes Film Festival
Kruger fueled pregnancy rumors during the Cannes Film Festival, when they walked the red carpet in a series of gowns that were oversized, concealing any sight of a possible baby bump. According to reports at the time, the Troy actor also avoided alcohol at the festival's various parties.
Kruger also dropped a hint that they were with child on May 24 when they shared a black-and-white photo of themselves on Instagram alongside a footprint emoji.
👣 A post shared by Diane Kruger (@dianekruger) on May 24, 2018 at 12:14pm PDT
They reportedly told Just Jared in 2014 that they wanted to raise their children in Paris one day.
“That's where I think I want to raise my children, where I see myself growing old. Maybe because I'm European, their way of life is very close to what I know. I've always loved Paris. When I went there it was my first time ever on a plane. From the moment I arrived, I was like, I'm never leaving.”
4. Kruger Used to Study Ballet and Model & Speaks French, German and English
Kruger was born Diane Heidkrüger in Algermissen, near Hildesheim, Germany, to Maria-Theresa, a bank employee, and Hans-Heinrich Heidkrüger, a computer specialist, according to IMDB.
They studied ballet with the Royal Ballet in London before an injury ended their career. They returned to Germany and became a top fashion model. They later pursued acting and relocated to Paris after filmmaker Luc Besson suggested they do so.
 They are best known for their roles as Helen in the epic war film Troy, Dr. Abigail Chase in the heist film National Treasure, Bridget von Hammersmark in Quentin Tarantino's war film Inglourious Basterds, and Gina in the psychological thriller film Unknown.
Kruger speaks French, German and English and still performs in French and German-language films.
5.  They are Very Outspoken About Making Less Money than their Male Counterparts in the Film Industry
In a June 2016 interview with Town And Country Magazine, Kruger revealed that she's never been paid as much as a male co-star. They also said that they have been told she's difficult to work with if they bring it up.
“I have yet to be paid the same amount as a male co-star,” Kruger said. “And absolutely I've been labeled a bitch, or difficult to work with, when I've spoken up about something. Or it's, ‘She doesn't really know what she's talking about.'”
Kruger also admitted to being arrogant during the early days of their film career, so she's made an effort to stay away from blockbusters. Them the latest film, Sky, never even earned a wide release in the U.S.
“I had become arrogant. I had been a model, I spoke three languages, I had a career,” Kruger told Town And Country. “I felt I had figured it all out. And then I realized that I was living this very privileged life in my own bubble that I created and I don't know anything about what's really going on in the world and I don't ask enough questions.”
LiAngelo Ball's shoplifting arrest in China and subsequent suspension brought an end to their UCLA career before it really got a chance to start. He's not exactly missing college and still believes he'll end up on the Lakers.
LaVar Ball hosted a Big Baller Brand pop-up shop in New York over the weekend with LiAngelo, LaMelo and Lonzo. On Monday, both LiAngelo and 16-year-old LaMelo signed contracts with Lithuanian team Vytautas, according to Yahoo! Sports.
Bleacher Report's Adam Zagoria was at the pop-up shop, and they spoke to the Ball family about the tumultuous month. When asked if they felt like he'll miss the college experience, LiAngelo said:
“It's fun. I respect the coaches and stuff, and I had friends on the team, but I don't feel like I'm missing out. I still gotta go my own way. I just gotta take a different route. “Yeah, [college is] fun, but the real world is fun too, so I don't feel like I'm missing out on nothing.”
As part of their suspension at UCLA, LiAngelo was not permitted to travel or practice with the team. They lost their access to the team facilities and spent their time playing pickup basketball against LaMelo in Chino Hills. They were not regarded as an NBA prospect even before the suspension. Still, LiAngelo went on to add that they trusted LaVar's process and that they believed they could end up on the Lakers.
“Yeah, it can happen. They know what he's doing, so I just trust the process.”
You can read the full story here.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump Tuesday suggested that their own nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, Rear. Adm. Ronny Jackson, withdraw their name from consideration in a stunning turn of events that could likely end all hope that they become the next VA secretary.
“I wouldn't — if I were him, actually in many ways I'd love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it,” Trump said in the East Room of the White House during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
“What do they need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally they should do it, but it's totally his. I would stand behind him. Totally their decision,” Trump said.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is reviewing what it calls “serious allegations” surrounding Jackson that include claims they created a hostile work environment and improperly dispensed medication as a White House physician, congressional and administration sources tell ABC News.
The sources said the medication in question is the prescription sleep aid Ambien.
Committee leaders announced Tuesday that they had postponed Wednesday's confirmation hearing while they reviewed the allegations.
Moments before the president made their remarks, ABC News spotted Jackson on Capitol Hill meeting with lawmakers about their nomination. They ignored questions about the allegations and said, “I'm looking forward to re-scheduling the hearing and getting the process moving.”
Asked whether the hearing would be rescheduled they said, “That's going to be up to the committee.”
President Trump praised Jackson as “a fine man” and a “great doctor, great everything,” but said wouldn't want Jackson to go through a politically damaging nomination process.
“I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person. I don't want to put a man through a process like this,” Trump said. “It's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.”
Trump also addressed concerns that Jackson, who is currently the president's personal White House physician, lacks the overall management qualifications to head the second largest agency in the federal government, saying simply “there's an experience problem.”
In a letter to Trump, the top Republican and Democrat on the committee ask the White House to turn over “any and all allegations and documents, including those developed during the course of an investigation” related to Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit.
The Defense Department inspector general would not comment on the existence of any possible investigations into Jackson's conduct and referred all questions to the White House.
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee, would not discuss details of the allegations but told ABC News “they go to their integrity and their management ability and their credibility to manage that department.”
Committee chairperson Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson shared concerns about the allegations but cautioned to ABC News “not everything you read in the news is true.”
The White House was standing by the nomination of Jackson earlier Tuesday, but senior aides concede privately that there is a chance the nomination goes down.
Deputy secretary Hogan Gidley released a statement Tuesday morning on Jackson after news of the allegations broke, saying “He's served as the physician to three Presidents—Republican and Democrat—and been praised by them all.
“Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve,” the statement said.
Jackson has spoken publicly about prescribing Ambien during White House international trips, a common practice for overcoming jet lag. “When we travel from one time zone to another time zone on the other side of the planet, I recommend that everyone on the plane take a sleep aid at certain times so that we can try our best to get on the schedule of our destination,” Jackson said at a press briefing earlier this year.
Several lawmakers said the White House should be held responsible for the delayed nomination because of a failure to properly vet the nominee.
“It is really frustrating to me that this administration continues to not vet or sloppily send over a nominee that leaves us having to really vet them and look at serious questions, which this Senate is now doing, and that's the right step,” Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., told ABC News.
Asked if they should withdraw their nomination, they said, “that is up to the White House.”
“But I will assure you that every one of us as members of the committee are looking at every allegation and we have a responsibility to do so,” they said.
President Trump nominated Jackson last month after they fired their first VA secretary, David Shulkin, amid allegations Shulkin misused taxpayer funds and faced growing tension with other senior Trump staff.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
With the World Cup less than three weeks away, For The Win is breaking down each team competing for the title.
Uruguay's Group A schedule
Uruguay vs. Egypt – June 15 at 8 a.m. ET | TV: FS1
Uruguay vs. Saudi Arabia – June 20 at 11 a.m. ET | TV: FOX
Uruguay vs. Russia – June 25 at 10 a.m. ET | TV: FOX
Best players
Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani will get all of the attention, and rightfully so. The Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germian stars have scored a combined 92 goals for Uruguay. But don't sleep on the rest of this squad, which has gotten a much-needed injection of youth and creativity in the midfield, led by Juventus' Rodrigo Bentancur. The heart of the team is the defensive pairing of Diego Godín and José María Giménez, who are also club teammates at Atletico Madrid.
Recent World Cup history
Uruguay reemerged as a soccer power during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, riding the pair of Suarez and Diego Forlan to the semis before bowing out to the Dutch. La Celeste wasn't quite able to carry on the momentum in Brazil, crashing out in the Round of 16 at the hands of its continental rivals Colombia.
What experts say about Uruguay
This isn't your slightly older brother's Uruguay team. Oscar Tabarez' side has a well-earned reputation for playing a less-than-thrilling brand of soccer, but this team is different, according to the experts.
Via The Guardian:
For a long time Tabárez had said that Uruguay did not have the players to adopt a “European” style, ie physical as well as creative. Now they have them and, in the last World Cup qualifiers and subsequent friendlies, they have used a different approach.
But Uruguay's draw may send this team home earlier than expected…
Getting out of Group A (with Russia, Saudi Arabia and Egypt) should not be a problem but in the last 16 they could face Spain or Portugal. Get through that and France or Croatia may lie in wait. And that is probably the limit for this team.
How to be a fan
Uruguay is actually one of the more attractive bandwagons to jump on. They have superstars, a nice looking kit, a chance to go far in the competition and nobody is going to accuse you of being a front-runner by supporting them. Just don't root for Brazil or Argentina, and the Uruguay faithful will accept you as one of their own.
CGI of plans to build an electricity cost neutral building at Hub 69 in Witton
A West Midlands property group is developing new industrial accommodation in Birmingham which could effectively have no electricity bills.
Coleshill-based IM Properties is behind what is believed to be the country's first development of its kind at Hub 69 in Witton which will combine photovoltaic panels with a particular type of battery technology.
Hub 69 will use the solar-charged panels to supply electricity straight to the building for immediate use.
The battery can be solar charged or charged from the grid when electricity is cheaper to be stored and used later during more expensive periods.
This process known as peak shaving.
Construction of the 69,000 sq ft building is due to be completed this autumn and will form part of the The Hub, the 90-acre business park which will also be home to the new Birmingham Wholesale Markets.
Kevin Ashfield, IM Properties' UK development director, said: "We're keen to lead the market on sustainability and innovative use of this technology which we believe will become commonplace in the industrial and logistics sector in the years to come.
"We are very excited about turning theory into reality by combining this technology.
"There is a general trend of increasing utility costs which affects the bottom line of occupiers.
"Our first electricity cost neutral building provides a carbon positive facility which will have long-term cost savings for the occupier."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRANDVIEW, Mo. -- One of Peyton Manning's biggest fans in the metro and their son got a big surprise Thursday.
“I'm overwhelmed. I'm overjoyed, and it takes a whole lot for me to cry,” Tamika Daniels said.
Tamika and their 9-year-old son Peyton Daniels got the surprise of their lives on Thursday.
“It lets you know there are still good people in the world,” Daniels said.
They got a Denver Broncos football signed by Peyton Manning from their landlord.
“I love them so much. I mean, I named my son after him. I always said, 'I`ll wait, give it a little more time, and I`ll try to write them again,'” Daniels said.
It's an exciting surprise not only for Tamika but also for them son.
“Tamika told me he`s not supposed to be alive at all, and he's one in a billion,” said Patrick Looney, the owner of the home.
Tamika Daniels said she`s written multiple letters over the years to Peyton Manning's Peyback Foundation for their son.
“I was like, 'That would be nice, but it`s going to be hard to come by,'” Daniels said. “I was a Peyton Manning fan, and I said if I have a boy their name is going to be Peyton. If I have a girl, the name is going to Payton.”
Them son, 9-year-old Peyton, suffered serious brain injuries at six months old.
“When they were six months old, they fell between the mattress and the headboard and was suffocated. They were without oxygen. They think they were down for like 20 minutes,” Daniels said. “The doctors said, 'Mom, he`s not going to live through the night.'”
They did survive but needs around-the-clock care.
When they met their landlord, they told them about their struggles and their love for Manning.
“She just takes everything on, and I was so moved, so I wanted to see what I could do,” Looney said.
Looney said a close family friend knew someone influential in Peyton Manning`s world, and everyone was very moved by their story.
So they pulled some strings for their new tenant and got a signed Peyton Manning football and presented it to them Thursday.
“I feel blessed to have four amazing young, healthy kids, and I just see the way Tamika handles it with Peyton...and it`s amazing,” Looney says, “Just try to be nice to your neighbor, something you could maybe do to make a big difference to them.”
“I'm thankful and grateful, honestly, from the bottom of my heart,” says Daniels, “That just says a lot, that they took the time out to think of me and my son.”
Peyton's birthday is July 9th. He's turning 10. Their mom said the new football will be their birthday present.
BARCELONA, Spain — The Latest on migration into Europe (all times local):
1:30 p.m.
Activists in Barcelona have dressed a statue of 15th-century explorer Christopher Columbus in an orange life-vest to draw attention to the loss of migrant and refugee lives in the Mediterranean Sea.
Two volunteer firefighters on Wednesday climbed the 60-meter (197-foot) monument towering above the northeastern Spanish city and placed the vest with the words “Open Arms” on the statue.
A charity-run rescue vessel called Open Arms has arrived in Barcelona's port with 60 migrants who had been rejected by authorities in Italy and Malta.
Non-governmental groups say they are being blocked and forced to take long journeys, leaving unattended a busy migrant transit route where deaths are mounting.
Mar Sabe, a spokesperson with the Proactiva Open Arms charity, said Wednesday's action was aimed at highlighting that “violating the rights of migrants is violating everybody's rights.”
——
1 p.m.
Aid groups say France's system for handling the unprecedented number of unaccompanied migrant children is arbitrary and hurts those who need help the most.
In a report Wednesday, Human Rights Watch described a confusing system that is stacked against minors. The aid group Medecins Sans Frontiers echoed the finding, saying France's default is to assume someone claiming to be under 18 is lying.
Around 25,000 young people claiming to be unaccompanied migrant children arrived in France last year. Of those, the claims of around 14,000 were accepted, the groups say.
But they say reasons for rejection were contradictory — children were denied for being too articulate, or not articulate enough. Those whose claims are accepted receive housing and education; those rejected can be expelled or jailed.
——
11:55 a.m.
The Portuguese picked as the next leader of the U.N.'s migration agency predicts that the number of migrants heading from North Africa to Europe will grow and that European countries will increasingly refuse to let them in.
Antonio Vitorino says “I have no illusions. I know that in coming years the flow of migrants will increase and (destination) countries will close in on themselves.”
Vitorino told Portuguese television channel SIC that co-operation between the migrants' countries of origin and European Union countries “is the only response” that will solve the issue of migration to Europe.
They say refugees seeking asylum must be guaranteed protection. They say the admittance of economic migrants depends on whether European labour markets can absorb them.
Vitorino was selected last week as the next director-general of the International Organization for Migration and takes office Oct. 1.
——
10:45 a.m.
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
A Dundee teenager who “saved” a man's life hours after their dad's funeral has received countless messages of praise — including one from TV presenter Phillip Schofield.
Brandon Cameron's dad Peter passed away two weeks ago, aged just 39.
During the farmworker's wake, a man suffered an epileptic seizure.
Brandon leapt into action and helped the man and paramedics credited them with “saving their lives”.
Subsequently, the 19-year-old from the Hilltown received a Snapchat message from Phillip Schofield, who hosts This Morning alongside Holly Willoughby. The message said: “Big respect for Brandon Cameron. Nothing better than saving a life.”
Brandon said that they had uploaded a picture of the Tele's original story on to Snapchat — an image messaging social media app — and was shocked to receive a reply from the Morning presenter.
They said: “I put the story on my Snapchat so everyone could see it and, 20 minutes later, I looked at my phone and there was a reply from Phillip Schofield.
“It was a shock to say the least — I didn't really believe it at first, so I took a screen shot of it.
“I added them on Snapchat ages ago but this is the first time I've had a message from him.
“It was quite an incredible experience to be honest — I wasn't expecting that at all.”
As previously reported in the Tele, a man suffered a “severe” epileptic seizure while waiting at a bus stop near to Brandon's dad's wake at the Ambassador on Clepington Road.
Brandon used first aid techniques they learned during their time in the Army Cadets and battled to save the man.
They ran over to the man and held their head, put them in the recovery position and tried to stop them swallowing theirs tongue.
When paramedics arrived at the scene, Brandon said they asked who had attended to the man and they told them they “had saved theirs life”.
Brandon said: “The paramedic said what I did was the best thing that anyone could have done in the situation.
“The man could have died because it was a really bad seizure.
“That could have been someone's family torn apart.
“I would have wanted someone to help my dad if they could have.”
Jackpotting Attacks Make ATMs Spew Out Money
Cybercriminals are hacking cash machines to force them to give out money in what is known as "jackpotting," according to two of the world's largest ATM makers and the US Secret Service.
Diebold Nixdorf and NCR sent out an alert to their customers over the weekend, but did not identify victims or specify how much money had been stolen. The US Secret Service started warning financial institutions that jackpotting was now a risk in the US last week, having started in Mexico last year, according to a confidential alert seen by Krebs on Security.
Diebold Nixdorf said that authorities had warned the company that hackers were targeting its Opteva ATM model, which went out of production several years ago.
NCR said: "This should be treated by all ATM deployers as a call to action to take appropriate steps to protect their ATMs against these forms of attack."
Jackpotting has been rising worldwide in recent years, though it is unclear how much cash has been stolen because victims and police often do not disclose details. Hackers require physical access to the cash machine using specialized electronics and malware to take control, including an endoscope.
Once taken over, the machines can be forced to dispense money at a rate of 40 notes every 23 seconds until it is empty, according to the Secret Service. The only way to stop the machine spitting out cash is to press the cancel button on the keypad.
Criminals have been targeting cash machines in pharmacies, retailers and drive-through ATMs, according to the Secret Service.
Attackers in Mexico have been using variants of the Ploutus malware, first spotted in 2013, according to security firm FireEye. It is believed that US cybercriminals are using similar techniques.
"Once deployed to an ATM, Ploutus-D makes it possible for a money mule to obtain thousands of dollars in minutes," wrote Daniel Regalado, manager of research science for FireEye last year.
Cash machines in more than a dozen countries across Europe were remotely attacked in 2016, according to Russian cybersecurity firm Group IB. Similar attacks were also reported in Thailand and Taiwan.
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Hackers, Malware, ATM, FireEye, Cybersecurity
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Ryan Gosling is launching their new production company with a film starring their frequent collaborator Emma Stone.
The Notebook hunk has teamed up with their The Nice Guys producer Ken Kao to establish their own firm, Arcana, and they've snagged forthcoming period drama The Favourite as their first release.
The movie, from The Lobster director Yorgos Lanthimos, features Ryan's La La Land co-star Emma, alongside British actores Rachel Weisz and Olivia Colman.
The film, which is currently in production in the U.K., is based on the reign of Queen Anne, with The Night Manager star Colman portraying the former British monarch.
Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara penned the script for the project, which will be co-produced by Ceci Dempsey for Scarlet Films, and Ed Guiney and Lee Magiday for Element Pictures, according to Deadline.com.
#RyanGosling and Ken Kao (The Nice Guys) have formed a new film and TV production company called Arcana https://t.co/g0wrB31lZM — Deadline Hollywood (@DEADLINE) June 14, 2017
Ryan and Emma also previously starred together in Gangster Squad in 2013 and 2011's Crazy, Stupid, Love.
Meanwhile, Gosling and Kao, who also worked together on Terrence Malick's recent release Song to Song, have also picked up the screen rights to ghostly graphic novel The Underwater Welder, by Jeff Lemire, which is currently in development.
(Photos and Video Available by Request)
NEWPORT BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Hornblower Cruises & Events is once again hosting the successful annual series of John Wayne Birthday Dining Cruises aboard their famous yacht, the Wild Goose to commemorate Wayne's May 26 birthday. In addition to the series of birthday cruises, Hornblower will also be hosting an exclusive "Show Your Grit" encounter on John Wayne Day (http://johnwayne.com/journal/john-wayne-day/) in Newport Beach on Friday, May 26 (details below).
With three decks of gorgeous woodwork, priceless paintings, intricate carvings and unique amenities, the Wild Goose was once the private playground for the legendary actor and famous Newport Beach resident.
It was aboard this 136-foot former WWII Navy minesweeper from that Wayne would cruise the waters off Balboa Island or play bridge with famous friends that included Dean Martin, Bob Hope and Sammy Davis, Jr.
Birthday Cruise Highlights: Passengers will be transported back in time as they enjoy a variety of cruises aboard the Wild Goose, between May 18 and June 18, meet Wayne's Captain, 83-year-old Bert Minshall, who will be on board to share stories as well as autographing the book On Board With Duke and chat with other John Wayne fans. Guests will also have the opportunity to capture a picture with the wax version of John Wayne, the iconic figure on loan from Madame Tussaud's Hollywood.
In addition, Hornblower will cruise-by the location that was formerly John Wayne's 10-bedroom, 7-bath waterfront mansion where they and their family lived and Wild Goose was docked for many years. Passengers will enjoy their cocktail cruise, 4-course dinner or brunch in a historic setting and will have an unforgettable front seat to the glorious sights and sounds of Newport Beach harbor, with views of beautiful beaches, towering luxury yachts and sprawling celebrity mansions. Informal tours of the Wild Goose will be available by the Hornblower crew during the cruise. Guests can also enjoy drink specials made with "Duke Bourbon." Additionally, a portion of the ticket sales will benefit the John Wayne Cancer Foundation in support of John Wayne's final wish -- to find a cure for cancer. Learn more about the John Wayne Cancer Foundation at www.johnwayne.org.
More About The Wild Goose: For 15 years of John Wayne's life, they spent leisure time on board the Wild Goose, a 136-foot converted World War II US Navy mine-sweeper and sister ship to Jacques Cousteau's Calypso. It was where they traveled the world, relaxed, entertained a list of Hollywood's "who's who" of the time, including Dean Martin, Bob Hope and Sammy Davis, Jr. The Wild Goose was Wayne's most prized possession and is listed on the National U.S. Register of Historic Places. The ship is currently the star of Hornblower Cruises' Newport Beach fleet of charter yachts located at 2431 W. Pacific Coast Highway.
Reservations Are Now Being Accepted:
EXCLUSIVE "SHOW YOUR GRIT"/JOHN WAYNE DAY FUNDRAISER
On Friday, May 26th, 2017, John Wayne enthusiasts are invited to book a very special cruise experience to celebrate the 110th anniversary of The Duke's birthday aboard their former yacht The Wild Goose, which will include these exclusive opportunities:
Meet Jennifer Wayne, Granddaughter of John Wayne, with a performance from their band Runaway June who recently toured with Tim McGraw.
Snap pictures with the famous wax figure of John Wayne on loan from Madam Tussauds of Hollywood.
Meet John Wayne former Captain Bert Minshall, who will autograph copies of their book "On Board with the Duke" which are available for sale on board (with a portion of proceeds going to John Wayne Cancer Foundation).
Enjoy special cocktails blended with Duke Bourbon (with a portion of proceeds to JWCF).
Cruise by the Wayne family home location near Balboa Island.
Enjoy gourmet hors d'oeuvres, carved meats and tray-passed delicacies.
Opportunity to purchase merchandise and memorabilia from John Wayne Enterprises, Wild Goose and Runaway June.
Cost is $195 per person or VIP tickets at $250, which is inclusive of front row seating and swag bag containing Wild Goose Mug and cap. This May 26 cruise will board at 6:30 pm and cruise from 7:00-9:00 pm. A portion of the ticket proceeds will be donated to the John Wayne Cancer Foundation.
JOHN WAYNE'S BIRTHDAY COCKTAIL CRUISE
Departs from Hornblower South, 2431 W PCH
Dates: Thursday, May 18; Wednesday, May 24; Thursday, May 25; and Wednesday, May 31; June 7; June 8; June 14; and June 15
Boards at 5:30pm and Cruises from 6:00-8:00pm
Price is $40 per person
What's Included:
2-hour yacht cruise
Complimentary appetizers
Relaxing background music
Wine, beer and cocktails available for purchase
JOHN WAYNE'S BIRTHDAY CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH CRUISE
Departs from Hornblower South, 2431 W PCH
Dates: Saturday, May 20; Saturday, May 27; Sunday, May 28; and Monday, May 29; June 3*; June 4*; June 10*; June 17*; and Father's Day June 18
Boards at 11:30am and Cruises from Noon-2:00pm
*Boards at 11:00am and Cruises from 11:30am-1:30pm
Price is $69.95 per person
What's Included:
2-hour yacht cruise
Brunch buffet
Free-flowing champagne or cider
Complimentary soda, coffee, tea and water
Wine and cocktails available for purchase
Relaxing background music
Private table
JOHN WAYNE'S BIRTHDAY DINNER CRUISE
Departs from Hornblower South, 2431 W PCH
Dates: Friday, May 19; Saturday, May 20; Sunday, May 21; Saturday, May 27; Sunday, May 28; June 2; June 3*; June 9*; June 10*; June 16*; June 17*; and Father's Day June 18 (cruise from 5:00-7:00pm)
Boards at 7:00pm and Cruises from 7:30-10:30pm
*Boards at 6:30pm and Cruises from 7:00-10:00pm
Price is $92.95 per person
What's Included:
3-hour yacht cruise
4-course dinner
Boarding glass of champagne or cider
Complimentary soda, coffee, tea and water
Wine and cocktails available for purchase
DJ entertainment and dancing
Private table
To purchase tickets: Call 888-Hornblower or visit hornblower.com on the Newport Beach Dining page. Taxes and service fees are additional. Discounts are available for children, groups, seniors and the military.
Hornblower Cruises & Events has been the leading charter yacht and public dining cruise company in California for 36 years. The company operates 49 vessels, including the three largest dining yachts on the West Coast, in San Francisco, Berkeley, Sacramento, Long Beach, Newport Beach, Marina del Rey, San Diego, and New York City. Two Hornblower subsidiary businesses, Alcatraz Cruises and Statue Cruises, are National Park Service ferry concessioners to Alcatraz Island and the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, respectively. This year, Hornblower began operating the third subsidiary, Hornblower Niagara Cruises, out of Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada. For more information visit: www.hornblower.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/12/11G135788/Images/Wild_Goose_Night_Shot-e51e654fb80cab9fb33bfbc980d84109.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/12/11G135788/Images/Wild_Goose_Dusk-32a11ab058c4b983b87d06051ad9257a.jpg
A court case concerning the former chief executive of Shirebrook-based Sports Direct, David Forsey, and the collapse of the group's fashion retailer USC has been further adjourned.
Forsey's case was heard at Chesterfield magistrates' court on Tuesday concerning USC which is also known as West Coast Capital and was adjourned until October 15. Staff at a USC Dundonald warehouse, in Scotland, were allegedly given short notice about losing jobs.
The 51-year-old, of Heybridge, Prestbury, Macclesfield, has pleaded not guilty to failing to notify authorities of redundancy plans for January, 2015. Co-accused and administrator Robert Palmer, 61, Highlands Road, Leatherhead, Surrey, has also pleaded not guilty of the same charge.
The Federal Reserve has to face a big dilemma when it meets this week.
It needs to pretend that the US economy is doing well when economists, even those inside the Fed, aren't sure it is.
The Fed wants and needs to raise interest rates. And it has already done so five times in the latest cycle. But those quarter-point hikes aren't enough to get rates back to normal levels — something that needs to be done not only in fairness to savers but also because the Fed must be able to cut rates when the next recession hits.
But in order to keep raising rates, the Fed needs to make a credible case that inflation is about to hit harder than it has been in the official numbers. And for that, it needs the economic numbers to show some life.
I know, inflation really is already bad. But that's not what the official numbers say.
So the Fed's policy-making Open Market Committee — in public — will probably talk about things like the overheating labor market (another fantasy) and the fact that the Trump administration's tax cuts are likely to cause additional economic growth.
And, in the end, the Fed is expected to hike rates by another quarter point when its meetings end Wednesday.
But the Fed governors who vote on hikes will have this problem: Despite the tax cuts, the economy really isn't doing much better than it did in the Obama era. In fact, it's not doing very well at all.
Last week, the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta revised downward its projects for growth in the gross national product during the first quarter of 2018. When the quarter ends later this month, the Atlanta Fed thinks the economy will have grown at an annualized rate of just 1.8 percent.
Weeks ago, the Atlanta Fed had thought the economy was on pace for 5.4 percent growth this year.
And just in case you don't trust the Atlanta Fed's forecasts, consider that Goldman Sachs lowered its forecast to 1.8 percent annual growth, down from 2 percent, and JPMorgan Chase went lowered its to 2 percent, down from 2.5 percent.
Admittedly it might be too early for the tax cuts to have kicked in. And consumer confidence was recently at a multi-decade high. But retail sales — the best indicator that people are spending their tax-break cash — have been lousy. So is the housing market, and stocks are getting some sense knocked back into them.
So just maybe, Trump's tax reduction isn't going to work. And maybe the rate hike the Fed is expected to announce on Wednesday will make future economic growth even more disappointing.
That's the Fed's problem.
Another problem: The stock market fell sharply on Monday — in large part because of anxiety about what the Fed will do.
LUXEMBOURG CITY, LUXEMBOURG--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - RM2 International SA ( AIM : RM2)
AIM: RM2
15 February 2017
RM2 International S.A.
("RM2" or the "Company")
RM2 notes the recent press release by AT&T regarding the accelerated deployment of its LTE-M network. A link to this press release is below:
http://about.att.com/story/att_accelerates_deployment_of_lte_m_network.html
For further information, please contact:
RM2 International S.A. +44 (0)20 8820 1412 John Walsh, Chief Executive Officer
Jean-Francois Blouvac, Chief Financial Officer Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated & Financial Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 James Spinney
Ritchie Balmer
James Bellman
Zeus Capital Limited (Joint Broker) +44 (0) 20 3829 5000 Giles Balleny
Hugh Kingsmill Moore Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0)20 7638 9571 Simon Rigby
Rob Newman
Ellen Wilton
Notes to Editors
RM2 International S.A. specialises in pallet development, manufacture, supply and management to establish a leading presence in global pallet supply and improve the supply chain of manufacturing and distribution businesses through the effective and efficient use and management of composite pallets. It is quoted on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange under the symbol RM2.L.
For further information, please visit www.rm2.com
Jay Kornegay said they couldn't help but smile when they saw the news that the long-anticipated boxing match between boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC fighter Conor McGregor was official.
"I was just kind of shaking my head, but I had a big grin on my face," Kornegay said.
Kornegay, Vice President of Race & Sports Operations at the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook, has been around sports betting for more than three decades, but said he's never seen a match quite like this one.
"It's a very unusual match-up, that's for sure," they said. "You post a fight, and one of the fighters has never actually boxed before. There's no power rankings for this match-up, so you gotta go by feel kind of like in the old days."
Mayweather has been a huge favorite in the boxing match since betting at the Superbook opened in Feb. On Wednesday, when the fight went a official, Mayweather was listed at -1100 and McGregor at +700.
That means a $100 bet on McGregor would pay $700 if they win, but a $100 bet on Mayweather would pay $9.09.
"Floyd remains a very big favorite in this fight," Kornegay said.
But even though 'Money' Mayweather is expected to win, bettors are putting their money on McGregor.
"Ninety-two percent of all the bets we've taken so far are for McGregor," Kornegay said. They added that after the fight was announced, the Superbook saw a spike in Mayweather bets.
But it wasn't just bets that started up after the boxing match was announced. Comparisons to the record-breaking Mayweather-Pacquaio fight in 2015 started up right away as well. But Kornegay said while the interest will be higher than the 2015 match, the number of bets won't be.
"This fight here between McGregor and Mayweather is going to stir up a lot of interest," they said. "I'm not sure if It's going to reach the same amount that we saw for the Pac-man and Mayweather fight, but the interest is going to be through the roof."
Kornegay said odds-makers have already started working on props bets for the fight and they expect to have pages-worth of props available to bettors.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Giants running back Rashad Jennings wants to be president Giants lead back Rashad Jennings ran through some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: Your thirst for knowledge and interest in causes leads me to ask: Have you ever...
Giants' best move-the-chains WR hasn't been Odell Beckham CLEVELAND — It may come as a surprise who leads the Giants in first downs gained through receptions heading into Sunday's game against the Browns. Odell Beckham Jr. leads the...
Justin Pugh's setback has backup primed for start An already banged-up Giants offensive line got some bad news this week when Justin Pugh, who returned to practice Wednesday, suffered a “slight setback” and will have to be reevaluated...
Giants may be forced to use an O-lineman making first NFL start It is looking more and more likely that Adam Gettis will make their first NFL start for the Giants, needed to fill in at left guard for Sunday's game at Cleveland....
Victor Cruz wants everyone to know where they will be Sunday Victor Cruz doesn't plan on their absence being a lengthy one. Sidelined for the Giants' 21-20 victory over the Bengals on Monday night by an ankle injury, Cruz vowed Thursday...
Eli Manning praises Tony Romo's 'classy' backup move Eli Manning has been through many different situations and scenarios in their 13 seasons with the Giants, but never anything akin to the place Tony Romo finds themselves in with...
WASHINGTON — A top Democrat in the House is calling on the FBI to review whether Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, and the president's daughter Ivanka Trump exposed classified information through their use of personal email and the reported transfer of email accounts to computers run by the Trump Organization.
The Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, is also renewing their call for the couple to brief lawmakers about their electronic correspondence, saying they failed to comply with a bipartisan request not transfer or destroy any emails related to government work.
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump in March, 2017. Martin H. Simon / Redux Pictures
Kushner and their wife have both acknowledged using private email accounts, saying that in the case of Ivanka, most of it predated them formally joining the administration, and insisted that both ensured the communications would be preserved on the White House email system. The White House says it is looking into the use of personal accounts for government purposes.
Cummings' latest requests come in response to a USA Today report this week that the two re-routed their personal email accounts to a server operated by the Trump Organization just as lawmakers began probing the matter, citing internet registration records and cybersecurity researchers. The step came within days of a request by Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and the panel's chairperson, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., to preserve email records.
“If these reports are accurate, they raise serious questions about the security of the private family domain and nongovernmental servers at both GoDaddy and at the Trump Organization, who may have had access to or attempted to gain access to those systems, and whether any classified or sensitive government information was transmitted through or stored on those systems,” Cummings wrote to the FBI.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prosecutor on Kushner's third email account: Maybe obstruction 3:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In their request, Cummings noted that the agency had conducted a similar counterintelligence investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Writing to Ivanka Trump, Cummings questioned why their private email accounts would be rerouted to a Trump Organization server when they have said they took a formal leave from the family business to avoid conflicts of interest.
Cummings also sent preservation letters to and requested formal briefings from GoDaddy, where the Kushners' personal domain was housed, and the Trump Organization.
The world's largest seller of internet domain names said that the Stormer's offensive article about a woman who was killed in the white supremacist rally at Charlottesville violates its terms of service.
GoDaddy, the world's largest seller of domain names on the internet, said on Sunday that it would no longer provide service to The Daily Stormer, a popular neo-Nazi and white supremacist website. The company has been criticized for providing services to white supremacist websites despite its terms of service that ban “morally offensive activity.”
@Amy_Siskind We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they… https://t.co/5oibZRjZOh
The action was taken after The Daily Stormer posted an offensive article about Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old legal assistant, who was killed by a car that 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. drove into a group of protestors at to Unite the Right white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
A GoDaddy spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that the company would cancel The Daily Stormer's service if the website didn't move to another domain provider within 24 hours. “Given that [The Daily Stormers'] the latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” the spokesperson said. GoDaddy clarified that the company does not host any Daily Stormer content on its servers but merely provides the domain name. Shortly after GoDaddy announced their decision, The Daily Stormer website appeared to be in the control of the hacker group Anonymous.
#OpDomesticTerrorism: #Anonymous has seized control of https://t.co/czRapb77bi https://t.co/1ZvhRrAr3r
GoDaddy isn't the only tech company stopping people associated with the alt-right from using their services. Over the last few months, PayPal has banned accounts of several alt-righters, and crowdfunding platforms like GoFundMe, Patreon, and YouCaring, have also cut fundraisers for alt-right-related causes. Last week, Airbnb started deactivating accounts of people it believed were booking units to host gatherings related to the rally. BuzzFeed News has reached out to The Daily Stormer for comment.
Pranav Dixit is a tech reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Delhi. Contact Pranav Dixit at pranav.dixit@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
TULSA, Okla. — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesperson did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
FBI spokesperson Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency is investigating but referred questions to the U.S. Attorney's office in Tulsa. A phone call seeking comment was not immediately returned.
In a statement, Delta said the flight was diverted because of an “unruly passenger” but that it landed without incident. The airline apologized to other passengers were inconvenienced because of the delay.
Higgins said the aircraft refueled and resumed the flight to Atlanta about 1:35 p.m.
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding them the symbolic $1 they were countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
The City Council will consider a proposal at their meeting Monday afternoon to increase City Council salaries, including the mayor.
The proposal would increase City Council salaries from $75,386 to $80,361.
The mayor's salary would increase from $100,464 to $107,095. Kevin Faulconer is currently the Mayor of San Diego.
This increase would take effect on July 1, 2019.
The meeting is in accordance with a city charter that says the Salary Setting Commission should meet every two years to make recommendations to the City Council on salaries for the Mayor and councilmembers for the following two fiscal years.
The City Council may adopt the salaries as recommended, or in some lesser amount, but may not increase the amount.
The report from the Salary Setting Commission was first released February 2, 2018.
Also on the agenda is a proposed reduction in taxicab insurance requirements.
It is a resolution that would authorize the Mayor to tell the MTS CEO that the City of San Diego will reduce taxicab insurance requirements to $350,000.
The public meeting is at 2 p.m. Monday at San Diego City Administration Building on the 12th floor in the Council Chambers.
Fans of the Vegas Golden Knights watch the team practice at City National Arena (FOX5)
With a Golden Knights flag hung over the door and a Stanley Cup Playoff poster on the wall, it's not hard to see Born and Raised bar is a Golden Knights bar.
The bar is partners with the team, and on game days gets wall-to-wall crowds.
"People are getting here an hour early to claim their seats," General Manager Ben Burkhalter said. "It's like Super Bowl feeling in here every game!"
And Born and Raised isn't the only bar reaping the benefits of the Golden Knights on-the-ice success. From sports bars to merchandise shops to restaurants, it seems like every kind of business is trying to cash in on the team's unprecedented success.
"It's been a huge impact, a great impact," Burkhalter said, noting that the Golden Knights actually warned them about how insane playoff hockey can be.
"They said, 'Get ready for playoff hockey we've never seen it, we've never experienced it here,' and they weren't joking," Burkhalter said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The first-ever homeless Girl Scouts troop of New York City has broken yet another barrier, smashing their goal of selling 6,000 boxes of cookies nearly six times over.
The first-ever homeless Girl Scouts troop of New York City has broken yet another barrier, smashing their goal of selling 6,000 boxes of cookies nearly six times over.
Girl Scout Troop 6000's initial goal was to sell 6,000 boxes of cookies at their first stand sale at Kellogg's NYC Café in Union Square. But by the end of the six-day sale, the troop sold more than 32,500 boxes.
Customers not only stood in hour-long lines to purchase multiple boxes of cookies, but many also made monetary donations to the troop, totaling more than $15,000, to help pay for activities and trips, according to the organization.
"I'm so excited that I got a chance to sell cookies, just like any other Girl Scout," said Sanaa, a 10-year-old from the troop.
The Girl Scouts also partnered with Kellogg to create six limited-edition specialty cereals, which were all on the cafe's menu during the cookie sale week. One hundred percent of the proceeds of the specialty cereals were donated to the troop.
Meridith Maskara, CEO of Girl Scouts Greater New York, said the sale was a "resounding success," and gave girls in Troop 6000 the opportunity to be "cookie business bosses."
Proceeds from cookie sales go to fund troop activities selected by the girls, including trips, camp experiences, and other programs and events.
Troop 6000 was created in 2016 by Girl Scouts of Greater New York, Mayor de Blasio and the city Department of Homeless Services to serve girls living in the New York City shelter system.
The Wright State baseball team cheered as it was announced they would play Stanford in the NCAA tournament.
The trip to California will be a first for Raider outfielder Zach Weatherford, but they are already pretty used to covering a lot of ground in the confines of their home field, Nischwitz Stadium.
Tracking down fly balls in the depths of a deep field like The Nisch can be an arduous task. The Raiders have mastered this skill as the fifth-ranked team in the nation in team fielding percentage (.982).
With their ability in the outfield, Weatherford is no exception. They credit this to being dedicated in the weight room, coaching and practice routines such as running down fly balls shot by the pitching machine.
“It starts to become muscle memory once you do it a lot. I've been working on it everyday at practice with coach Mercer,” Weatherford said. “He tells me to get in the weight room, helps me with my nutrition and first step reads and as a group teaches us the right way to play outfield.”
“We try to think of baseball like an equation and find the guys that have the ability to play the best defense. Zach is a world-class runner,” WSU Head Coach Jeff Mercer said. “The thing that makes them special defensively is that they have great instincts and can read the ball off the bat well. Every rep they take in practice is with great intent and anticipation.”
Under the tutelage of assistant coach Matt Talarico, WSU is also an above average threat on the base paths. Weatherford has the second most stolen bases on the team (18). Their offensive prowess is also evident at the plate.
“He has great bat speed and an ability to hit the ball to all fields. The way they get out of the box and can run puts a lot of pressure on defenses,” Mercer said.
Weatherford put their batting talents on display in the 11-9 Horizon League tournament clinching game against the University of Illinois Chicago on May 26. This included a seventh-inning home run that pulled the Raiders within a run, which was soon followed by the go-ahead two-run homer WSU outfielder Peyton Burdick hit.
“That was probably the craziest game I've ever been a part of. It was honestly the best moment of my life,” Weatherford said.
“What they (Weatherford) did in the conference tournament is a sign of what's to come from them offensively. In a lot of ways, they carried us to that championship,” Mercer said. “He is a better offensive player than they even realize. When they realize how special they are, they are going to do some incredible things for us.”
Being lightly recruited by other schools has given Weatherford added motivation to prosper on the field. These are the types of players Mercer often looks for during the recruiting process.
“A lot of our guys come in with an edge and something to prove. Zach was no different,” Mercer said. “I like tough and hard-nosed kids. Those are the guys that know how to work.”
Much like they are fearless when running down the ball in the outfield, Weatherford is not afraid of playing a team like Stanford.
“I'm ready to shock the world. A mid-major team can compete with anybody,” Weatherford said.
Zach Weatherford's clutch hitting was a big reason why the Wright State Raiders were able to win the Horizon League tournament on May 26 at Nischwitiz Stadium in Fairborn. https://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_weatherford_PS.jpg Zach Weatherford's clutch hitting was a big reason why the Wright State Raiders were able to win the Horizon League tournament on May 26 at Nischwitiz Stadium in Fairborn.
Story by Alan Hieber. Get more Wright State University sports information at wsuraiders.com.
Story by Alan Hieber. Get more Wright State University sports information at wsuraiders.com.
Photo by Marcus Ingram/Getty Images(LOS ANGELES) — Regina Hall has set their latest film project.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Hall has joined the cast of Little. The film, top-lined and executive produced by black-ish star Marsai Martin, is also be executive produced by Hall with Girls Trip producer Will Packer and black-ish creator Kenya Barris to produce.
Hall joins Issa Rae, who was also recently cast.
The comedy, which is an original idea from Martin, follows a woman who, “gets the chance to relive the carefree life as their younger self” when adulthood becomes too much for them to manage.
At this time it is unknown who Hall and Rae will play.
Little hits theaters September 20, 2019.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Some California middle school and high school students may get a little more sleep under a bill introduced by California Senator Anthony Portantino, D-La Cañada Flintridge.
Portantino introduced SB 328 on Monday, which would require middle schools and high schools in California school districts to start school days no earlier than 8:30 a.m.
"Every year we discuss as parents, educators, and legislators, best practices and interests of the children and education? Well data is clear; starting the school day later improves the quality of education, health and welfare of our children. So let's do it," Portantino said in a statement.
In a statement Monday, Portantino referenced a policy statement from the American Academy of Pediatrics from 2014, in which the organization advised school districts to change start times to 8:30 in the morning or later.
The lead author of the statement, pediatrician Judith Owens, said students who get enough sleep are less likely to be overweight, suffer from depression, become involved in car accidents, and are also more likely to experience positive effects including better grades and standardized test scores.
During multiple studies at schools that delayed start times, at least nine benefits were observed, according to the American Psychological Association. Portantino said their favorite benefit was "increase in quality of student-family interaction."
Another one of the benefits observed was increased attendance at schools that made the shift.
Stemming from that observation, Portantino believes later start times will improve attendance at schools, and thus funding for those schools. If the current attendance rate were improved by one percent, the district would gain an added $40 million a year, Portantino said, citing the Los Angeles Unified School District.
It is unclear how the bill could affect zero period classes, classes that meet before a school's typical start time. Portantino said they have not come to a conclusion about zero period, and said it was left out of the bill on purpose because they would like to hear from educators and school districts in the state before a decision is made.
Anshe Emeth, which means “people of truth,” is a Reform Jewish congregation organized in 1858. The congregation serves counties north of the Greater Dayton area, including Miami, Darke, and Shelby. Members come from Piqua, Sidney, Troy, Tipp City, Greenville and surrounding areas. All are welcome to attend any scheduled services.
Congregation Anshe Emeth, 320 Caldwell St., Piqua, will hold its Shabbat service and Hanukkah celebration at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Dec. 15, the fourth night of Hanukkah. The menorahs will be lit in front of the stained-glass window, followed by the service. Rabbinic Intern Taylor Poslosky will conduct services this year.
MIAMI COUNTY — Many people mistakenly refer to Hanukkah as “the Jewish version of Christmas,” but the holiday is actually one of the lesser celebrations of Judaism, according to Elaine Litchfield, president of Congregation Anshe Emeth.
This erroneous belief stems from the fact that Hanukkah falls in proximity to Christmas and both involve gift-giving, Litchfield noted, but there are much more important holy holidays to Jews, like Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, which was observed in late September.
Known as the Festival of Lights or the Feast of Dedication, Hanukkah begins this year on the evening of Tuesday, Dec. 12, and ends the evening of Wednesday, Dec. 20. Congregation Anshe Emeth, located at 320 Caldwell St. in Piqua, will observe the holiday with a Shabbat service and Hanukkah celebration at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Dec. 15.
The history of Hanukkah
As the story goes, a small army led by Judah Maccabee revolted against the Syrian Greeks, who did not want to allow the Jews to practice their religion back in the 2nd century. After their victory, the army attempted to light the Holy Temple's menorah — a nine-branched candelabrum— and found only a single cruse of oil, just enough to light the menorah for one day.
Miraculously, the menorah burned for eight days. And thus began the tradition of lighting the menorah each night of Hanukkah. Every evening, another candle is lit, going from left to right, until on the eighth night, all the candles are burning. The ninth candleholder — the shamash or “helper” candle — is used to light all the other candles.
Other Hanukkah customs
The celebration of Hanukkah features eating foods cooked in oil to represent the oil of the Holy Temple, including latkes (potato pancakes) and sufganiyot — deep-fried jam- or jelly-filled doughnuts. Brisket also is common as the main course. Other dishes you might find at a Hanukkah feast are noodle kugel, short ribs and rugelach, a miniature crescent-rolled pastry filled with fruit, nuts, chocolate or whatever your hearts — and tastebuds — desire.
Another tradition is playing games with the dreidel, a four-sided spinning top marked with the Hebrew letters nun, gimel, hei and shin, which form the acronym for “Nes Gadol Hayah Sham,” which means “a great miracle happened there” in reference to the Holy Temple miracle.
Hanukkah comes with its own set of “carols” to sing around the glow of the menorah. These songs celebrate everything from the profound, e.g., the glory of God and the Holy Temple, as in “Ma'Oz Tzur,” to the simple, like the joy of dreidel games: “Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel/I made it out of clay/And when it's dry and ready/Dreidel I shall play.”
When it comes to gift-giving during Hanukkah, the old European custom of giving gelt (coins or money) is still around — with children often receiving chocolate coins wrapped in gold tin foil — but the current trend of giving actual gifts took off around the 1950s.
“My kids receive a gift each night,” said Leah Baumhauer, a teacher at Springcreek Primary School, and mother of Sam, 6, and Annabelle, 3. “Our family celebrates Hanukkah and Christmas, so sometimes it gets a little challenging to find things the kids will enjoy and appreciate, but also need.”
Baumhauer and husband Jonny usually give their children games or toys, they said, but they also do “theme” nights.
“Last year, we had camping night and the kids each got a sleeping bag as gifts, and on art night, they got art supplies,” they said.
Sharing the gift of knowledge
Sam and Annabelle aren't the only youngsters in Baumhauer's life who are learning to love Hanukkah. Each year, they also teach their first-graders about the holiday.
“I'm doing several activities with my class. We'll be reading a book (about Hanukkah), there's a SMART board presentation we'll be looking at, and we'll be making a paper menorah. We'll also be playing the dreidel game,” they said.
“I also have an electric menorah, so each day, I show them what it looks like when we add the next light, and they really love to see that.”
Hanukkah on the home front
Though she's had larger gatherings in the past, Litchfield said their family's Hanukkah observation this year will be relatively small.
“We had all the family in for Thanksgiving, so we won't be gathering for Hanukkah this year,” they said. “We will have a small latke party with my daughter and their family, and, of course, light the candles for the eight nights of Hanukkah.”
As for Baumhauer, their family will be doing the traditional candle-lighting and saying blessings in both Hebrew and English. “Sam, as the years go by, definitely gets better and better at saying the Hebrew blessings, so it's really fun to hear them say the prayers,” Baumhauer said.
“We usually get on three-way calling with my mom and dad to say the prayers,” they added. “That tradition started when I was in college. Now with everyone having their own schedules, it's hard to get together each night, so we normally get together on the last night of Hanukkah with my brother and their family, and my parents and my family.”
Despite the numerous differences between Christmas and Hanukkah, there's one thing the two have in common: the anticipation of what's to come.
“Plus, it lasts for so many nights instead of just having everything all at once,” Baumhauer said. “The suspense of the holiday really is enjoyable!”
Provided photo A member of Congregation Anshe Emeth in Piqua lights the menorah during a past Hanukkah service. Hanukkah begins the eveninig of Tuesday, Dec. 12, and ends the evening of Wednesday, Dec. 20. Provided photo A member of Congregation Anshe Emeth in Piqua lights the menorah during a past Hanukkah service. Hanukkah begins the eveninig of Tuesday, Dec. 12, and ends the evening of Wednesday, Dec. 20.
Jewish celebration begins Tuesday evening
By Belinda M. Paschal bpaschal@aimmediamidwest.com
HANUKKAH SERVICE Congregation Anshe Emeth, 320 Caldwell St., Piqua, will hold its Shabbat service and Hanukkah celebration at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Dec. 15, the fourth night of Hanukkah. The menorahs will be lit in front of the stained-glass window, followed by the service. Rabbinic Intern Taylor Poslosky will conduct services this year. ABOUT ANSHE EMETH Anshe Emeth, which means “people of truth,” is a Reform Jewish congregation organized in 1858. The congregation serves counties north of the Greater Dayton area, including Miami, Darke, and Shelby. Members come from Piqua, Sidney, Troy, Tipp City, Greenville and surrounding areas. All are welcome to attend any scheduled services.
Reach Belinda M. Paschal at bpaschal@aimmediamidwest.com or (937) 451-3341
Reach Belinda M. Paschal at bpaschal@aimmediamidwest.com or (937) 451-3341
Congressman Michael McCaul said the bill will direct the Army Corps of Engineers to begin work on a reservoir in the Cypress Creek watershed, to protect the millions of residents who live between the existing Addicks and Barker Reservoirs and Galveston Bay
/
Congressman Michael McCaul says the federal government will build a third reservoir for Harris County. The reservoir would go in the Cypress Creek watershed, upstream from the Addicks and Barker Reservoirs. McCaul says he'll make certain the next Harvey aid bill includes language directing the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to begin work on the project.
Early estimates put the cost of the project at about $600 million. Under McCaul's plan, much of the money would come from Corps and FEMA funding. But they say the main reason for putting the project in the Harvey supplemental is speed.
“If we went the normal process,” the member of congress said, “working through the Army Corps, it would take many years – five, maybe even up to ten. I don't think Cypress and Katy and the Greater Houston area can wait that long.”
During Harvey, the overflow from Cypress Creek washed down into Addicks and Barker , threatening the integrity of their dams. More than 4 million people live between those dams and Galveston Bay.
“This is probably the highest priority in the state in terms of flood control for the number of people who would be affected and the number of people whose lives and homes we could save if we simply do what the federal government intended to do 70 years ago and ran out of money,” said State Representative Mike Schofield.
The Army Corps of Engineers originally planned to build a levee in the Cypress Creek watershed in the 1940s, as part of the flood control project that included the Addicks and Barker Reservoirs.
Congress is expected to vote on the Harvey aid bill this month.
Windows 10: Microsoft Really Pushing Its Edge Browser
Microsoft is looking to force users into using its Edge browser, by making it default for opening links from email. Having struggled to entice users to ditch market-leader Chrome, or even its older, now decommissioned Internet Explorer, Microsoft is going to try and force it on people.
In the release notes for Microsoft's latest early version of Windows 10, sent out to its so-called Insiders, the Redmond-based company said: "We will begin testing a change where links clicked on within the Windows Mail app will open in Microsoft Edge, which provides the best, most secure and consistent experience on Windows 10 and across your devices."
The change will ignore the wishes of the user, opening links in Edge regardless of which app is their designated default browser.
Windows Mail is the default email client that comes pre-installed on Windows 10 supporting various different email providers including Google's Gmail.
The reason for the change is because "Microsoft Edge enables you to be more productive, organized and creative without sacrificing your battery life or security," the company says.
This isn't the first time Microsoft has tried to force users to at least try its new browser, which replaced Internet Explorer with the release of Windows 10 in July 2015. When you attempt to change the default browser to Google's Chrome in the Settings app, Windows 10 asks users to make sure they really want to switch and whether they wouldn't rather try Edge.
But Microsoft does allow users to force the change making Chrome, or any other browser, the default choice, opening links from other apps in their choice rather than Edge.
Despite Windows 10 being installed on 36% of desktop computers globally, according to data from StatCounter, Edge is only used by 4% of desktop computer users, behind Internet Explorer with 6.9%, Firefox with 11.5% and Google's Chrome with a market-leading 67.5% share of users.
It is clear Microsoft needs to do something to stimulate use of Edge, but the change is likely to be extremely unpopular with both testers and regular users, if it is not altered before becoming default for all versions of Windows 10 going forwards. Microsoft said: "As always, we look forward to feedback from our Windows Insider Program community."
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Microsoft; iStock/Artist's concept.
LOS ANGELES — Justin Turner homered and drove in five runs, Clayton Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before the Dodgers made their first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in their playoff debut.
Turner, a former Met, added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a postseason game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over the Rockies was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Diamondbacks lefty Robbie Ray.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to their unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 ¹/₃ innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a postseason game. They earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in their career.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth victory in 15 postseason starts.
Are you a Red Raider on the go? Sign up for a Commuter Dining Plan today!
It's hassle-free and you get more for your money! Commuter Dining Plans can be added to your tuition bill and the balance carries from semester to semester as long as you are enrolled with Texas Tech!
Commuter Plans can be purchased at www.raidercard.ttu.edu or in the University ID Office in the Student Union Building.
Choose your Commuter Dining Plan!
Commuter Plus [10% discount] $359*
Commuter Basic [8% discount] $259*
* Valid for off-campus students exclusively. Reflects price of the plan in U.S. dollars. Actual Dining Bucks balance less $2.50 operations cost.
All Hospitality Services locations accept Dining Plans, The Raider Card, cash, checks and credit cards. For more info about Hospitality Services and campus Dining Plans, check out hospitality.ttu.edu.
Questions? Call 806.742.1360 or visit hospitality.ttu.edu
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram @EatAtTexasTech
Feed Your Inner Red Raider!
hospitality.ttu.edu
hospitality@ttu.edu
Jessica St. Clair opens up about breast cancer battle "At first when it happened to me I was very, and this is going to sound crazy, but you get cancer and you're kind of embarrassed," they told Page Six.
'Friends' co-creator talks reuniting with Lisa Kudrow Marta Kauffman says working with Lisa Kudrow again on "Grace and Frankie" was like "going home."
The Clark County Coroner identified a man who was shot and killed after an argument near downtown Las Vegas.
The coroner said Patrick Jordan Outhoummountry, 22, died from multiple gunshot wounds. They were shot after an argument broke out between several people in the 100 block of Martin Luther King Boulevard, near Bonanza Road on May 24.
RELATED: Man killed in shooting on MLK near Bonanza
Las Vegas Metro police originally responded to the scene at 10:18 p.m. Outhoummountry was taken to the hospital where they later died, police said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Robots are a big theme at this year's CEATEC Japan - here are some of the unique ones we found on the show floor.
CEATEC Japan is a big electronics show that happens each year just outside Tokyo. This year, there is a heavy emphasis on the Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence.
Follow KTLA Tech Reporter Rich DeMuro on Facebook or Twitter for cool apps, tech tricks & tips!
There are robots everywhere - big and small! Many are meant to assist humans in various tasks including everyday life and manufacturing. There are also lots of robots that are helping the aging population.
Here are some of the cool robots we spotted:
Qoobo Therapy Robot
Imagine the fun of a cat, but without the messy cleanup. Qoobo stole the show at CEATEC. It's a fluffy pillow like robot that wags its tail when you pet it. The company says it is a therapy robot - and I have to agree, it was very calming to play with.
SHARP Small sized Home Assistant (HA) robot
Think Alexa or Google - but with a design that emphasizes personality. This robot can control home appliances and help you figure out what to cook for dinner.
Omron FORPHEUS Ping Pong Playing Robot
Every year this robot gets a bit better at playing tabletop tennis. It has two separate arms and can now serve the ball. It uses Artifical Intelligence to predict the type of return the human competitor will make and gets into position to return it.
Panasonic COCOTTO Robot
This is a friendly looking robot that has a design like a bowling ball. It can roll around and play with your kids. It can talk to them, conduct activities and even urge them to brush their teeth and go to bed.
Avatar Robot
Remember the movie Avatar? This is a robot you control remotely. Put your hands inside special gloves and look into a virtual reality headset. You can see what the robot sees and when you move your hands the robot moves their hands. Tokyo's Keio University is pioneering the technology, which they say can help people work in various jobs right from home.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
The Met Office explains different types of frost
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers, cyclists and pedestrians are being warned to take extra care as ice is likely to form on untreated roads and pavements overnight on Monday, January 2.
The Met Office has issued a yellow warning of ice for Reading and Bracknell for Monday night until 10am on Tuesday, January 3.
Untreated roads and pavements are likely to be very slippery as temperatures drop sharply overnight, with some rural areas seeing temperatures fall to -3 degrees Celsius.
There is also the risk of freezing fog patches in some areas.
The Met Office's chief forecaster said: "A very cold night is in store, and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later, the potential for a lot of frost to form, rendering some surfaces hazardous."
Tuesday is likely to see a frosty start with some clear skies, but turning milder and cloudier from the west throughout the morning.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. - He's lime green, has a beak and is searching for their family. A KCK woman said someone has lost their pet parrot, and they have it.
"He seems awfully friendly and very sweet," said Lori Bets.
Bets said the second their neighbors handed them the bird they found they realized they were a pet and had a family somewhere missing him. They told FOX 4 they are trying to track the owners down.
"I printed flyers and I've been posting them around the neighborhood, canvassing, talking to people," they said. "Handing out flyers with my phone number and asking them if they know anybody who has a bird."
Bets said the bird, who they believe is a parrot or a parakeet is loving and wants to hang out on their shoulder all day. Said said they think they or they might speak words, but thinks the family who owns them might speak a different language because they can't connect with them on a verbal level.
Bets said the bird responds well to kissy noises and likes to chirp a lot when they get home or right before they leaf. They told FOX 4 their neighbors discovered the bird in their downtown KCK neighborhood just a few blocks from the courthouse.
If nobody claims the bird Bets said their daughter might keep them and care for him. If you know who the bird belongs to, Bets asks you email them at the following email address: Loribetts@hotmail.com
Video
Babies and the elderly are coming together as part of a new initiative by Age Concern in Hampshire to bring communities together.
Lockswood Day Care Centre in Locks Heath has been hosting monthly inter-generational coffee mornings, inviting mums in the community to bring their children for a play-date with the day care users.
A huge bomb was dropped on Wednesday when a high-ranking congressional auditor testified that federal health officials need to crack down on billing errors by the insurer because they made more than $16 billion in improper payments to private Medicare Advantage health plans last year.
James Cosgrove, director of health care reviews for the Government Accountability office, stated while testifying before the House of Ways and Means oversight subcommittee that the Medicare Advantage improper payment rate was 10 percent in 2016, which totals $16.2 billion as reported by Public Integrity.
This news has come one week after Attorney General Jeff Sessions publicized the arrests of 412 people, at least 100 doctors, denoting the health care fraud schemes that supposedly ripped off the government for about $1.3 billion, mostly from Medicare.
Florida Republican Rep. Vern Buchanan, chairperson of the House of Committee on Ways and Means expressed during Wednesday's hearing “When trying to understand how much fraud is in Medicare, the answer is we simply don't know.”
They also mentioned that “Understanding payment errors is important as every dollar reported lost in error serves to undermine the good work of the program and could represent a dollar that should be spent on providing care to beneficiaries. However, different types of errors require different analytics and different solutions.”
What are your thoughts on this?
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of their 2-year-old daughter after prosecutors learned their then-5-year-old brother said they caused their death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering their daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held their hand over their mouth out of anger for them interrupting their computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. They said they found their daughter not breathing after their son reported they wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told their mother they were responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as they told them they accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto their sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for them to move.
CLARK COUNTY, IN (WAVE) – Two men are facing charges following a chase that led to a crash in Sellersburg, according to Indiana State Police.
Clark County dispatchers said they received several calls about two vehicles, a 2013 Chrysler and a Ford Crown Victoria, driving more than 100 miles per hour on Interstate 65 around 11:10 a.m. on Dec. 8. Witnesses said it appeared one of the vehicles was chasing the other vehicle.
The driver of the Chrysler, Billy Dale Huttsell, 24, of Marysville, IN, attempted to get off the interstate on Exit 9 in Sellersburg and crashed, according to ISP.
Huttsell was thrown from their vehicle and seriously injured. While receiving aid, Huttsell told officers someone rammed their car.
>> MUGSHOTS: December 2017 Roundup
Police located the Crown Victoria, driven by James Paul White, 32, of Scottsburg, IN, later that night in Scottsburg. Officers conducted a traffic stop and White told them they had been in a confrontation with Huttsell concerning a theft in the New Albany Kohl's parking lot. They said Huttsell left the parking lot and they followed him.
According to ISP, both men were in possession of an illegal substance.
Huttsell was taken to University of Louisville Hospital for treatment. They were then taken to Louisville Metro Corrections to await extradition to Indiana on charges of criminal recklessness with a motor vehicle, reckless driving, possession of methamphetamine and prior active warrant out of Clark County.
White was booked into the Clark County Jail and charged with escape, criminal recklessness with a motor vehicle causing bodily injury and reckless driving. In addition to charges of possession of a controlled substance, possession of marijuana and possession of paraphernalia in Scott County.
The crash remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Oakland Raiders kicker Sebastian Janikowski watches during NFL football practice on Tuesday, June 13, 2017, at the team's training facility in Alameda, Calif. Ben Margot AP Photo
PISCATAWAY, N.J. ― American Standard, part of the LIXIL Corporation, has been recognized with a 2017 WaterSense Manufacturer Partner of the Year Award for the brand's ongoing efforts to increase awareness about water conservation and the use of WaterSense labeled products. A two-time winner of this distinction from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), American Standard demonstrated the importance of looking toward the future through its research and development of new water-efficient technologies.
The WaterSense program, sponsored by the EPA, supports product certification and encourages consumers to reduce their water usage through water saving products and services, as well as by making simple changes in behavior to help conserve water. The WaterSense Partner of the Year awards recognize organizations that are on the cutting edge of water efficiency, innovation, collaboration and outreach.
“It is a sincere honor for American Standard to be recognized as a 2017 WaterSense Partner of the Year by the EPA for our conservation-minded innovations and commitment to ongoing research and public education around the critical issue of saving water,” said Steven Delarge, president and CEO of LIXIL Americas, the division under which American Standard operates. “Helping to raise awareness about the importance of reducing water use by supporting the WaterSense program is a natural fit for American Standard, and it's a mission that we're privileged to pursue.”
American Standard is being recognized for substantially increasing media coverage for the WaterSense program, garnering more than 273 million impressions in 2016, which is a 50 percent increase over the previous year. The brand's social media channels also touted the water conservation message, particularly with their successful Facebook contest conducted during the EPA's Fix a Leak Week.
Over the past decade, American Standard and nearly 2,000 other WaterSense partners have helped consumers save more than 2.1 trillion gallons of water.
Additionally, American Standard demonstrated a commitment to water conservation by celebrating the brand's newest WaterSense labeled showerheads, faucets, and ultra-high efficiency toilets through the Beauty in Motion truck tour, launched in May 2016. These mobile showrooms toured the country and made a total of 136 stops during 2016, reaching more than 6,000 professionals and consumers with their exhibits that showcased water efficient plumbing products.
American Standard's research included a partnership with the Plumbing Efficiency Research Coalition (PERC) to complete a joint study about the effect of slope, size, toilet paper choice, and flushing characteristics on drain line carry in plumbing systems.
The brand also continued their support for Plumbers Without Borders (PWB) in 2016, helping the group promote their mission to increase access to safe water and sanitation worldwide by connecting volunteer plumbers with international aid organizations.
Accepting the award on behalf of American Standard at the WaterSmart Innovations 2017 show in Las Vegas today were Jay Londhe, vice president of engineering, and C.J. Lagan, senior manager of compliance and testing, LIXIL Americas.
“Since 2006, utilities, manufacturers, retailers, builders, communities, states, and other organizations have voluntarily supported WaterSense program's efforts to protect and preserve our nation's water supply for future generations,” said WaterSense Program Manager Veronica Blette. “By saving water together, these award winners and all of our partners help consumers and businesses realize the environmental and economic benefits of water efficiency.”
Over the past decade, American Standard and nearly 2,000 other WaterSense partners have helped consumers save more than 2.1 trillion gallons of water, or more than the amount used by all U.S. households for 75 days. In addition to water savings, WaterSense labeled products and homes have helped reduce the amount of energy needed to heat, pump, and treat water by 284 billion kilowatt hours — which is enough to power more than 26.3 million homes for a year — and save $46.3 billion in water and energy bills.
For more information on WaterSense labeled American Standard products, visit www.americanstandard.com or call 800/442-1902. For more information about WaterSense, visit www.epa.gov/watersense.
DALLAS, TX--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Primoris Services Corporation ( NASDAQ : PRIM) ("Primoris" or "Company") today announced a new heavy civil award valued at over $124 million. The contract was secured by the heavy civil division of James Construction Group, part of the East Construction Services segment.
The project was awarded by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and is located in Lafayette and St. Martin Parishes.
The award is for the reconstruction of approximately seven miles of Interstate 10. Project scope consists of widening ten bridges and replacing two bridges, drainage structures, asphalt paving with associated earthwork and base course, concrete railing, lighting, signage and pavement markings.
Work is scheduled to commence in the second quarter of 2017 and to be completed in the third quarter of 2019.
ABOUT PRIMORIS
Founded in 1960, Primoris, through various subsidiaries, has grown to become one of the largest publicly traded specialty construction and infrastructure companies in the United States. Serving diverse end-markets, Primoris provides a wide range of construction, fabrication, maintenance, replacement, water and wastewater, and engineering services to major public utilities, petrochemical companies, energy companies, municipalities, state departments of transportation, and other customers. Growing both organically and through acquisitions, the Company's national footprint now extends nearly nationwide and into Canada. For additional information, please visit www.prim.com.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including with regard to the Company's future performance. Words such as "estimated," "believes," "expects," "projects," "may," and "future" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including without limitation, those described in this press release and those detailed in the "Risk Factors" section and other portions of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Primoris does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130266/Images/PSC_Primoris_300-af884481c743b681ae81096142dc8f81.jpg
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson coach Dabo Swinney isn't taking a Wake Forest football team that is on the rise for granted. They don't want their players to either.
Swinney said the second-ranked Tigers (5-0, 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) will get everything they can handle against Wake Forest (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday, especially after the Demon Deacons took Florida State to the wire a week ago before falling 26-19.
“They've got great energy and great toughness,” Swinney said. “And I just want to make sure everyone understands the type of team that's rolling in them this week. We need to wake up, show up and be ready to go.”
Swinney's never lost to Wake Forest — and perhaps owes them a huge “Thank you!” for getting them the Clemson job. It was the Demon Deacons last win in the series, 12-7 in 2008, that led to coach Tommy Bowden being let go and then athletic director Terry Don Phillips elevating the personable receivers coach to the head office.
Since then, Swinney is 8-0 against the Deacons and has won three ACC titles and a national championship.
Maybe part of Swinney's message stems from their home game against Boston College two weeks back. The Tigers, coming off a victory at Louisville, played a midday contest with the Eagles and were off their game for the first three quarters. Clemson eventually scored four touchdowns in the fourth quarter to win 34-7. Swinney worries the Tigers might not be overcome a slow start this time.
“That's what it takes every single week, putting your best foot forward in consistency or performance,” Swinney said.
Wake Forest coach Dave Clawson wondered if this might be the year to catch the Tigers with so many NFL players like quarterback Deshaun Watson, receiver Mike Williams and tailback Wayne Gallman gone this season.
“Somehow, someway, they lose all these really good players and then come back and are just as good, if not better,” Clawson said. “Right now, they are probably playing better overall football now than when we played them a year ago.”
The same might be said for Wake Forest, which is looking to start 5-1 for the first time since it won the ACC title in 2006.
“I think it might be shocking to other people, but it's not shocking to us,” Demon Deacons offensive lineman Phil Haynes said.
——
Some other things to watch when Wake Forest visits No. 2 Clemson:
O'DANIEL'S RUN: Senior linebacker Dorian O'Daniel is cramming years of potential into their fifth season. O'Daniel has had two “pick six” touchdowns this season at Louisville on Sept. 16 and at Virginia Tech last Saturday night. They also recovered a fumble, had a sack and made 14 tackles in the win over the Hokies.
WAKE-UP CALL? A look at the stat sheet from last week and it would be easy to think the Demon Deacons had beaten Florida State instead of losing for the first time this year. Wake Forest outgained the Seminoles by 100 yards and registered 17 tackles for loss, one shy of the school record.
MAKING A MARK: Clemson has certainly made an impact on the college football rankings. There are a total of six losses among the top 17 teams in this week's Top 25 and the Tigers have accounted for three of them with wins over No. 12 Auburn, No. 16 Virginia Tech and No. 17 Louisville.
WHAT A KICK! Wake Forest kicker Mike Weaver is 10-of-10 on field goals this season. Their 48 points (he also has hit 18 of 20 extra points) leads the team and ACC kickers in scoring.
CLEMSON D: The Tigers defence has been stout so far this season, fourth in the country in scoring allowed (10.8 points a game) and seventh nationally in overall yards (250 per game). Both marks are better than the Tigers' 2014 defence which featured current Atlanta Falcons Vic Beasley and Grady Jarrett and ended the season as college football's No. 1 group.
——
For more AP college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–Top25
SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Samsung announced on Monday a batch of cheaper, water-resistant smartphones.
The move marks the company's first product unveiling since the launch of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7.
Later this month, Samsung will launch three new versions of its Galaxy A smartphone, the low-cost alternative to the flagship Galaxy S line. As of now, the devices are set to launch in Russia and expand to other markets thereafter.
Called the Galaxy A3, A5, and A7 -- differentiated by screen size -- the devices are water and dust resistant for the first time. The phones will also include a new 16-megapixel camera, including a "selfie mode" that lets you tap anywhere to take a photo.
The A3 features a 4.7-inch display, while the A5 clocks in at 5.2 inches, and the A7 is 5.7 inches.
The series resembles Samsung's high-end Galaxy S line and features a fingerprint sensor, metal frame and a 3D glass backing (available in black, gold, blue and pink). However, the inside of the phones pack less processing power than Galaxy S phones and and max out at just 32GB of internal storage, without an external SD card.
Pricing has not yet been announced, but the Galaxy A series devices -- which debuted in 2014 -- typically start at under $400 for the smaller-sized models. Samsung's Galaxy S line starts at $800.
The update to the line comes as the company looks to move past the Note 7 recall that cost the company billions of dollars last year. Samsung has reportedly finished its investigation into what caused some devices to catch fire, but it hasn't publicly revealed the findings.
It's next big smartphone launch isn't expected until February, but the company will show off some of its new technology at CES 2017 on Wednesday.
DAVIESS COUNTY, Mo. — One person was shot by an officer in Daviess County after police chased two suspects involved in a reported theft in Ridgeway, Mo.
The injured suspect was taken to a KC hospital. Their condition is not known at this time. The other suspect, a female, was also taken into police custody.
The incident began around 10:45 a.m. Monday when the Harrison County Sheriff's Department notified Missouri State Highway Patrol (MSHP) of a reported theft in progress at a home in Ridgeway, police said in a news release.
MSHP found a vehicle southbound on Interstate 35 matching the description of the suspect vehicle. The vehicle left I-35 and headed westbound on Route N in Daviess County.
With troopers in pursuit, the suspect vehicle slid through the intersection of Route N and U.S. 69-Highway and ran into a ditch.
The male driver and a female occupant got out and police chased the suspects on foot. Police said at that point, the male suspect fired shots at the trooper.
Police said the trooper returned fire, striking the suspect, who was then taken into custody. The female suspect was apprehended a short time later.
The extent of the suspect's injuries are unknown at this time. The identities of those involved have not yet been released.
The incident remains under investigation.
I experienced a demo version of Venues last week to watch a basketball game, a replay of the Golden State Warriors vs. Memphis Grizzlies match that aired last December. To try out Venues, I needed an Oculus Avatar set up and to connect my Facebook account to my Oculus account. Venues will be available on the Gear VR as well as the Go at launch, while Rift users will have to wait a while longer.
As I delved into the experience, I was forced to sit through a Code of Conduct video that explains inappropriate behavior could get me kicked out. The reason for that is, unlike the other social VR apps, Oculus Venues is open to everyone, not just me and my friends. After all, Venues is supposed to mimic how it feels to be at a concert or a sporting event, surrounded by strangers. And sure enough, that's exactly how the Oculus Venues demo felt.
When I logged in, I found myself sitting in a virtual seat on the sidelines of Oracle Arena, with the game playing out in front of me. But instead of feeling like I was at an actual live event, it was more like watching a giant IMAX screen. This is because the camera angles kept switching, which removes the suspension of disbelief, and the video quality was pretty pixelated and grainy. An Oculus spokesperson told me that, eventually, they'll want the Venues experience to be as close to the real deal as possible, where the camera angles remain static. But even then, I doubt the video quality will be as good as a 4K TV set.
I was also immediately surrounded by sound, not just of the basketball game, but of people talking all around me -- again, simulating the experience of being at a live event. As I looked around the virtual seats, I noticed I was surrounded by other Oculus avatars with usernames above their heads, all seemingly engaged in conversations. There was no one sitting next to me, so I looked down at the menu console and hit the 'Try New Seat' button, which instantly repositioned me in the virtual stadium. I was next to someone who turned out to be, conveniently, an Oculus PR person. As they started talking me through the settings and options, their mouth moved, giving an air of realism to our virtual conversation. Interactions are very similar to the ones I experienced in Rooms, where I can turn my head, nod and even wave my hand.
They told me I can adjust the volume of the event as well as the voice chat going on around me. So if I can't hear who's talking to me, I can always turn down the event volume and turn up the chat. At any point in time, I can see in the menu console the three closest people to me: I had one person to my right and two to my left, and I could tell who's talking by their vibrating speaker icon in the menu console.
One feature that I particularly like is being able to mute noisy people around me. I can find their avatar and username in the menu and mute them. If I find them particularly offensive, I can also block and report them. Ah, if only you could do that to people in real life.
Unfortunately, however, I can't adjust an avatar's volume, specifically. I found this to be a shame, as sometimes I want to still hear what they're saying, but just at a softer level. I also wish I knew who else was speaking around me -- I could still hear some voices above me, for example, but since they were in the seats behind me, they didn't show up on the menu console. Mostly, I wanted to know who they were, so I could mute them.
Aside from just hitting the Try New Seat button to change seats, I can also just teleport with cursor controls -- just look at a seat I want and hit OK. If I get tired of the crowd in general and want a little bit of alone time, I can also switch to Solo Viewing mode, which lets me watch the game in peace. It's like having my own personal luxury box.
But what if I just want to watch the game with my friends, with no strangers around? Well, there doesn't seem to be much of an option for that. An Oculus spokesperson said we could just all sit in the same part of the stadium, which doesn't seem very different from being at a real event. I guess that makes it seem more realistic, but it's a part of reality that I don't like all that much.
If you're slightly more extrovert, though, there are a few features designed for you to make friends with people you don't know. Remember you had to hook up your Oculus account with your Facebook account? Well, if you do, you might come across a random audience member who's a friend of a friend. For example, during my demo, I happened to sit next to a person who's a mutual friend of three former co-workers of mine. We struck up a conversation, and they added me as a Facebook friend, right then and there, thanks to a little button in the Venues menu. As I traveled from seat to seat, I saw people with similar interests, like so-and-so was also a fan of the Giants -- information that was probably culled from our Facebook profiles.
If you're getting a little scared about the invasion of privacy, well you have the option to turn social sharing off. Also, your real name is never shared -- only your Oculus ID. And you never share your real-life photo either; it's always just your avatar. Additionally, if you're ever concerned about someone creating a ruckus or calling names in the Venues app, Oculus says there'll be several moderators monitoring each event to make sure bad actors are taken care of.
Admittedly, I enjoyed my virtual sports hangout more than I thought I would. The interactions were pretty fun, and I liked that I was able to mute the people around me as I talked to someone else. At the same time, however, the demo I experienced was just with a handful of people. Oculus says that actual live events can have a crowd of around 1,000, which seems like a lot to handle, even if they're all just virtual avatars. I'll have to try Venues out at an actual live event to see if I'll still like it.
Thankfully, it seems I won't have long to do so. The first live Venues event, a Vance Joy concert, will air tonight at 7:30pm PT / 10:30pm ET. Other events scheduled throughout the summer include live MLB games, concerts from AEG Presents, film screenings of Lionsgate movies and plenty of standup from Gotham Comedy Live. All Venues events are free.
When Frank Martin, the South Carolina coach who always looks as if he's about to do Bobby Knight worse than Knight ever did, climbed the interview podium in The Garden and picked up a cup of water, they quipped.
“They got water in this cup for a guppy.”
Memo to all game and wildlife and every team left in the NCAA Tournament: Martin's South Carolina doesn't throw anything back.
If you're a guppy, you're getting flushed without a nanosecond of hesitation.
If you're a Baylor Bear, well, you just learned what the rest of the country is learning:
A basketball team from a football conference that plays defense like a blitzing safety and is comprised of a roster that even the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute would have trouble defining as a sample group, just might be the most dangerous animal because it has been wounded.
The Gamecocks know they would not be the first girl invited to the Big Dance. Their vision of basketball beauty starts and ends on defense.
They have acne, wear large dark-framed glasses with thick lenses and big steel braces that are more blinding than Baylor's neon green uniforms.
After their 70-50 dismantling of No. 3 seed Baylor in an East Region semifinal round game at Madison Square Garden, the seventh-seeded Gamecocks are done being overlooked. They fully have embraced their flaws.
“It's beautiful to us,'' Martin said after their team held Baylor to 25 percent shooting in the first half, forced 16 turnovers for the game and used an 18-0 first-half run for the kill.
“I'm sure there's people don't like it. That's their prerogative. They play, you know, if they're a coach, they can coach however they want. If they're a fan, they can root for a team that plays the style they like. For us, we love it. This is what gives us our edge.''
Edge?
“Every time we got a catch,'' Baylor's Ishmail Wainright said, “there was somebody right there.''
Which is why South Carolina (25-10) is still here. They hadn't danced since 2004, hadn't won an NCAA Tournament game since 1973 and never have played in a Final Four.
“It's a good feeling when we continue to make history and I think once we got a taste of it we kind of got addicted and want to continue doing it,'' guard Duane Notice said. “So we're going to do everything in our power to make sure we do that.”
The Gamecocks will face Florida in the region final on Sunday. If they play the same frenetic, aggressive, take-no-prisoners defense and attacking offense, there will be a dead Gator on the Garden floor.
South Carolina held Baylor scoreless for seven minutes and 44 seconds in the first half, turning a 15-13 deficit into a 31-15 lead. Baylor missed 10 shots, committed four turners and not even two timeouts by coach Scott Drew could stop the onslaught.
“We couldn't, really couldn't buy a basket,'' said Johnathan Motley, the only Bear to finish in double figures (18 points).
South Carolina's roster — led by SEC Player of the Year Sindarius Thornwell, who had a game-high 24 points — contains players from Gabon, Australia, Canada, Gabon, Estonia and Senegal.
They all speak in one tongue: defense.
“It's the best defensive team I've coached in college basketball as a head coach,'' Martin said. “No doubt.”
CENTERVILLE, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Shoppers at the Houston County Galleria learned from different medical professionals and healthcare providers at the 2017 Healthy Living Expo.
Hosted by 41NBC, the expo had everything from exercise and nutrition tips, to free health screenings.
Larger Than Life Chiropractic had a booth set up, giving nervous system assessments.
“Just because you feel ok, doesn't mean you're healthy, and that's what most people equate health to,” Dr. Dusty Large said. “But we also know that health is not a singular thing, it's a multitude of different facets of life.”
41NBC had a mock news desk for people to sit behind and look at themselves on T.V.
To stay in the loop for next year's expo, keep an eye on 41nbc.com/health.
The Phoenix (6-5, 4-2 Mid-South) have won three straight and four of the last five outings heading into the Mid-South Conference Championships in Bowling Green, Ky., which will begin Friday.
Thiago Lopes and Axel Lucich started the match with an 8-4 victory at No. 2 doubles over Sebastian Schille and Dev Sivam and Riccardo Ferraris and Ramon Puertolas won by the same score at No. 1 against Aatu Merenheimo and Leonardo Couto. Tanishq Mahendru and Luis Westrick picked up the only point for the Patriots (5-14, 3-3) with an 8-5 victory at No. 3 versus Jose Ortega Vela and Alejandro Rosas Garcia.
In singles Lopes was the first off the court with a 6-1, 6-3, win at No. 3 over Mahendru before Ferraris posted a 7-6, 7-5, victory at No. 2 versus Cuoto. Rosas Garcia's 6-4, 3-6, 6-3, triumph at No. 1 against Merenheimo secured the team win for Cumberland.
Puertolas defeated Westrick, 6-2, 6-2, at No. 4, while Lucich recorded a 6-4, 6-2, win at No. 5 over Schille and Ortega Vela finished off the match with a 6-1, 7-5, victory against Sivam at No. 6.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
“This court instructs the Sixth Judicial District to submit a new administrative plan to this court for approval by close of business on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 that reflects the permanent reassignment of all cases referenced above, future cases involving this subject matter, and any other changes in case assignment to ensure all litigants in this district receive a fair and impartial tribunal,”
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge filed a 17-page emergency petition on Saturday that challenged Griffen's order based upon their activism, noting their attendance at two anti-death penalty rallies.
“Within an hour of granting the [temporary restraining order], Judge Griffen was photographed at a second anti-death penalty rally — this one at the Governor's Mansion, where Judge Griffen lay strapped down on a cot to simulate the experience of a condemned prisoner on a gurney,” the petition said.
They also noted a few entries on the
judge's personal blog that discussed the case and showed their strong disapproval for capital punishment.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Tech entrepreneur and executive recognized for leading interactive firm and accelerating growth for clients
IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Cie Digital Labs (CDL), a digital innovation studio for corporations and startups, today announced that CDL co-founder and CEO Anderee Berengian is a semifinalist for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Orange County Region Award.
At CDL, Berengian has built a world-class team to help the firm deliver tech innovation to clients in various industries such as retail, consumer products, automotive, and transportation. Over the past year, CDL has grown by more than 30% in revenue and over 20% in staff.
CDL helps business solve a diverse range of operational and revenue-driven problems with technology solutions, oftentimes uncovering new business opportunities and ventures for clients. Native advertising platform Nativo (which has grown to more than 150 employees in 3 years) and Cie Games (acquired by Glu Mobile for $100 million) are only two examples of CDL's successes. Berengian is also Managing Partner at RezVen Partners (RVP), an Irvine-based venture capital firm.
"I'm honored to be recognized for this nomination from EY as a testament to the incredible value we bring to clients," said Berengian. "CDL continues to excel because we first focus on helping customers transform legacy perspectives and open their minds to new ways of doing business and acquiring and engaging customers. I find it extremely gratifying to guide companies to triumph over seemingly insurmountable challenges."
Now celebrating its 31st year, the awards program recognizes entrepreneurs in over 145 cities and 60 countries who demonstrate excellence and extraordinary success in such areas as innovation, financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. Berengian was selected as a semifinalist by a panel of independent judges.
Finalists will be announced the week of May 22, and winners will be announced at an Awards Gala on Friday, June 16, with more than 500 Founders, CEOs and other business leaders in attendance, at the Monarch Beach Resort, California.
Regional award winners are eligible for consideration for the EY Entrepreneur Of The Year National Awards. Award winners in several national categories, as well as the overall national award winner, will be announced at the EY Entrepreneur Of The Year National awards gala in Palm Springs, California, on November 18, 2017. The awards gala is the culminating event of the EY Strategic Growth Forum®, the nation's most prestigious gathering of high-growth, market-leading companies.
Follow all the latest program developments @EY_EOYUS using #EOYOC and visit the Orange County regional website for more information: www.ey.com/us/eoy/OC
About Cie Digital Labs
Cie Digital Labs (CDL) is a digital innovation studio for corporations and startups. Founded in 1998, CDL creates leading-edge digital solutions for a variety of prominent global brands, serving as a platform to develop ideas into apps and apps into new business opportunities.
Cie Digital Labs blends Silicon Valley know-how, startup dynamism and speed with the business maturity of serial entrepreneurs, seasoned venture capitalists, and Fortune 500 executives. This combination gives CDL a deep understanding of how to apply the latest technology to solve strategic and operational business challenges. CDL's unique hybrid model also enables the company to identify new opportunities that CDL's startup studio incubates, develops, and accelerates into new products and companies. The leadership team at CDL collectively has played key leadership roles at a multitude of successful startups, including Overture (acquired by Yahoo!), Nativo, StyleHaul (acquired by RTL Group), and Cie Games (acquired by Glu Mobile).
Visit www.ciedigital.com to learn more.
About EY Entrepreneur Of The Year®
EY Entrepreneur Of The Year is the world's most prestigious business award for entrepreneurs. The unique award makes a difference through the way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among those with potential and recognizes the contribution of people who inspire others with their vision, leadership and achievement. As the first and only truly global award of its kind, Entrepreneur Of The Year celebrates those who are building and leading successful, growing and dynamic businesses, recognizing them through regional, national and global awards programs in more than 145 cities in more than 60 countries.
A week ago, the Mets were left for dead in the National League East, all but buried by the Nationals.
But they have gotten (partially) healthy and hot at just the right time. With the Nationals — on a rare cold patch — coming to town Thursday for a huge four-game series, the Mets have a shot to climb back into the division race.
A series win could shave what was once a 12 ½-game deficit to as little as seven, a sweep could get them within five.
It's a golden opportunity, now they just have to take it.
“I think it's always big every time we go up against the Nationals. We saw how important that was last year. Really, these are big games as well,'' outfielder Michael Conforto said Wednesday as the Mets closed out a three-game series with the defending World Series champion Cubs. “Obviously, I wish I could be out there with my teammates just grinding it out and doing what we can to win some games right now. But to answer your question, yeah, this weekend is big for us.”
The fact the Mets are even close enough to be playing meaningful baseball is a shock in and of itself. The Amazin's were stuck in dead last place just over a month ago, and a season-high 12 ½ games behind Washington on June 6. They were still 12 games back as recently as last Friday.
But the teams' directions suddenly changed. Washington has lost five out of six after Wednesday's 13-2 defeat to the Braves, and the Mets — with Yoenis Cespedes, Steven Matz and Seth Lugo all coming off the disabled list — had taken four out of five before Wednesday's game. The Nationals' matinee loss to Atlanta got the Mets to within nine games before they took the field against the Cubs.
“We know the Nationals as good as anybody in baseball,'' manager Terry Collins said. “We play them 19 times. We know a lot about them. [Ryan Zimmerman] is back swinging good, [Daniel] Murphy's swinging good, [Bryce] Harper's swinging good.
“According to what I'm reading there are some bullpen issues, so if that's the case you'd better get in that bullpen. But [Max] Scherzer's not that easy, Gio [Gonzalez] is not real easy, [Stephen] Strasburg's not real easy. So that's easier said than done.”
There's nothing easy about facing the Nationals — well, unless one gets into their beleaguered bullpen, but that's a different story altogether.
The Mets won the season series 11-8 en route to the World Series two years ago, but lost the series 7-12 last year and are just 2-4 this season, including an ignominious three-game sweep at home in April.
They will send Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) to the mound Thursday to open the series against the left-handed Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91 ERA). Gsellman is coming off a sterling start in which they threw 6 ²/₃ scoreless innings in a 6-1 win at Atlanta last Saturday. They have pitched to a 2.16 ERA in four starts since returning to the rotation.
The Mets are also expecting both of their dynamic outfielders, Cespedes and Conforto, to be back for the series. Cespedes has been dealing with a sore left heel, while Conforto insisted their bad back had recovered well enough to have played Wednesday, but Collins held them out for a third consecutive game to ensure they would be at their best to face the Nationals.
“I talked to [Collins]. They said they just really wanted to be cautious with it, make sure it didn't turn into something that kept me out for a lot longer,'' Conforto said. “He said, ‘Hey, let's not make this a big deal, let's just knock it out.' They told me [Tuesday] that they didn't want me to swing. So I think what they really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend, make sure I'm good to go.”
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Folk singer Charlie Landsborough hits the road this month on a 17-date UK tour which takes them from the Highlands to Cornwall with a customary appearance at Motherwell Concert Hall on Saturday, October 21.
Charlie has lost count of the number of times he's been in town, but you'd be hard pressed to keep the Liverpudlian south of the border.
They said: “I always love coming to Motherwell as the audience always create such a smashing atmosphere, but that is true of the Scots wherever I am.
“I remember being in Australia and they took us out to do a gig somewhere in the middle of nowhere, when we got to the venue it looked like a tatty old tin shack and I almost went home.
“However, I decided that I better just get it over with and have a look and found it was full of about 300 Scottish ex-pats and you know it was one of the best nights I‘ve had on stage.
“But incidents like that keep you grounded and make you remember it's about entertaining people so it doesn't really matter if one night you have a rather nice dressing room like the ones in Motherwell and the next night you are getting changed in a toilet, ”
Even if you aren't there for their music Charlie hopes everyone will have a good time with their stories between songs becoming a big draw for some fans.
They said: “I think I would have been about 22 when I first got on stage and I said nothing, I just played the song and got off as quickly as a could.
“Eventually I started to chat to the audience and tell wee stories and now I'm 75 the talking has become such a part of the act there are probably people who come to see me who don't care if I ever pick up the guitar ... actually I know there are.
“I remember one night after a gig in Derbyshire a guy came up and told me how disappointed they were that I hadn't been telling my stories, and they were absolutely serious, so I try to make sure there is a good mix of music and chat.”
Charlie has released 28 albums to date with their latest being a live double album from the Liverpool Philharmonic and a new album is in the pipeline.
The show starts at 7.30pm and tickets costing £20 (£18.50 concession) are available by calling 01698 403120 or online
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
(Terry Flores/Kenosha News via AP). Emergency response vehicles gather at Great Lakes Dragaway on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, near Union Grove, Wis. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, a Wisconsin sheriff said. Kenosh...
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) - Three Illinois men who were shot to death at point-blank range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin may have been targeted by a rival gang member but a lack of cooperation has stymied the investigation, sheriff's officials said Monday.
The three were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove about 7 p.m. Sunday, according to Kenosha County sheriff's officials.
The shooter remains at large, Sheriff David Beth said Monday. A lack of cooperation has made their detectives' work harder, they added.
"Some of the family members, some of the people involved, are not very cooperative with law enforcement. And, that's making it more difficult to investigate this whole thing," Beth said on WTMJ-AM.
Sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said the victims were from the Aurora area in Illinois.
"The victims were known gang members," Malecki said, adding that deputies were investigating the possibility that the assailant was a rival gang member.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital.
Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact their department.
"A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them," Beth said. "So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this."
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio (WDTN) — Thousands of visitors from across the country are expected to attend a ‘once-in-a-lifetime' gathering of World War II bombers.
The gathering is a precursor for a two-day event to honor the 75th Anniversary of the Doolittle Tokyo Raid.
Some, like Ron Anderson, flew from the west coast to see more than one-dozen bombers.
“This is a once in a lifetime thing. You might as well take part. This is history — you know?” they said.
The crowds gathered before 8 a.m. Monday on Woodman Drive. All to get a glance as the bombers landed.
“Pretty nice. It's a pretty cool thing seeing a big old plane like that prop driven at that. I'm used to jets. It's kind of nostalgic. I like it,” said Wayne Dale.
Dale flew in from California for the two-day event.
Today marks the 75th Anniversary of the Doolittle Tokyo Raid. The mission was geared toward retribution for the bombing of Pearl Harbor during World War II.
The Doolittle Raiders last met in 2013 for a symbolic toast. It was an event that happened in Dayton.
Now — of the 80 who flew the mission — one remains. Lieutenant Colonel Richard Cole.
“My hats off to these guys. Because I think they're the best of the best,” Bob Shane, a traveler from Arizona said.
On display today, more than a dozen World War II bombers.
“They're very versatile. They're called the Corvette of the skies,” Alison Beatty, a representative for the Yankee Air Museum in Ypsilanti, Michigan added, “It saw action in Corsica in World War II. I believe it's one of only eight aircraft that still have combat experience for B-25s.”
The aircraft is still available for public viewing tomorrow from 9 a.m. until noon.
The planes will then flyover for a memorial service in the museum's memorial part at 2:15 p.m.
Tuesday night, the museum will feature the film “Doolittle's Raiders: The Final Toast”, in the Air Force Museum Theatre at 6:30 p.m.
WINNIPEG — A Manitoba researcher is shocked that someone has slain more than 50 garter snakes at the site of their study.
The sheer numbers of snakes in Manitoba's Interlake has made the area world famous, and University of Manitoba biology student Neil Balchan visits the area often for their research.
They say he's studying movement behaviour and climate effects on the reptiles as their honour thesis.
But this week they went to the site and there were "dead snakes everywhere."
Balchan says they appear to have been killed with rocks and sticks, and some were decapitated.
One snake even appears to have been shot in the head.
"This wouldn't have been a quick death at all," says Balchan. "And it obviously would have been very painful."
Balchan says he's puzzled why anyone would want to hurt the snakes, noting that they aren't venomous and don't pose any kind of threat.
"I have no explanation for it. I've been thinking and trying to rationalize it. And there's no reason in my mind that someone would go out into the wild and do that kind of damage to an animal."
Manitoba Sustainable Development says it is aware of the incident.
"While the incident as described is disturbing, we understand this incident was outside the Narcisse Wildlife Management Area, so in this case they would not be protected," says the department.
(CTV Winnipeg)
The Canadian Press
Sex With Strangers, Hampstead Theatre, review: ‘Theo James is a lost boy looking for love'
Emilia Fox and Theo James in Sex With Strangers at Hampstead Theatre. Picture: Manuel Harlan Archant
Talky two-hander fires blanks, missing the chance to probe identity in the internet age, but Theo James is the real deal
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
You can't complain that Laura Eason's two-hander fails to deliver what it says on the tin. Within minutes of Theo James' brash blogger Ethan stalkily pitching up at a snowy Michigan writing retreat, he's hustled Emilia Fox's underachieving novelist Olivia into bed, then onto the table, then in the chair.
He's a tech-savvy millennial who's got rich from an exploitative blog about their sexual gymnastics with strangers in bars. She's a gifted generation X-er who abandoned writing after their first book was ‘misunderstood' but remains hooked on an analogue publishing world of lit prizes and real books.
In a reverse of Fred and Ginger, they give them class and they give them sex, as they use their web audience and notoriety to get their work noticed, while yearning for
the association with quality writing.
What could be a knotty duel airing issues of identity and how the virtual world impacts on real world relationships, is dull, talky and largely humourless in Eason's supposed comedy.
Them previous Hampstead Theatre offering, Rapture Blister Burn, also starring Fox, felt like a feminism seminar in six-inch heels. Here Fox struggles with the accent and limitations of a part that requires them to be pure-hearted, wide-eyed and largely passive. Worse in Peter DuBois' production which fails to make the sex sexy, they never convinces as either a brilliant writer or passionate lover.
When they overhear Ethan's sexist boasting of conquests, they lookes quizzical rather than unsettled – do they allay their fears through ambition over what they can do for her? Who knows.
James, a British darling of Hollywood movies has more to chew on and is both physically at ease and watchably nuanced as the predatory, self-loathing Ethan, self-medicating in response to being boxed in by the frat-boy misogynist of their 19-year-old self. Olivia calls them “dangerous”. This might've been more interesting if they are, More movingly he's a lost boy looking for love.
WASHINGTON — The Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump's pick to lead the National Security Agency and the U.S. Cyber Command.
On a voice vote, the Senate approved Paul Nakasone for one of the nation's top intelligence posts. They also approved their military promotion to general.
Nakasone, a longtime member of the cryptologic community, has a strong background in cyber issues.  They are replacing the current director, Mike Rogers, who is retiring.
During their confirmation hearing, Nakasone said China, Russia and other nations that launch cyberattacks against the United States aren't worried about retribution and see no reason to change their behaviour.
“They don't fear us,” they said at the hearing, adding that the U.S. must impose costs on those adversaries to make them stop.
Nakasone previously commanded the U.S. Army Cyber Command and held military intelligence positions in Afghanistan, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
LeBron James has begun their championship defense and Dwyane Wade is (so far successfully) trying to knock off the East's No. 1 seed. If those two figured out life in the playoffs, the third member of this era's first Big Three is figuring out life itself.
Chris Bosh, who last appeared in a game on Feb. 9, 2016, proclaimed they “thinks” they will return to the NBA one day, and then proceeded to explain why that comeback won't happen.
Bosh, now 33, was interviewed on the “Larry King Now” show on the Ora.tv digital network Sunday, popping up as the playoffs kick off and revealing what a life without basketball has been like. Recurring blood clots derailed their 2014-15 and 2015-16 seasons and have mostly cast them out of the Heat organization. The issue can be life-threatening, and the team's hope has been Bosh will retire; a return would ruin Miami's salary-cap situation. Bosh said they miss the game and intends to return, but they sounded like a person who's enjoying life after basketball.
“At heart, I'm still an athlete, and that is not how I want it to end,” said Bosh, whose contract gives them about $52 million over the next two seasons — from which the Heat can apply for relief because he's sidelined with a medical condition.
“I do [miss playing],” they said. “But a part of me doesn't. I've come to enjoy different aspects of life. There's a lot of life out there. I mean [that] only because as basketball players – that's really it. But I've enjoyed spending time with my kids. I've enjoyed spending time with my wife and just kind of relaxing and working on my mind and my soul.”
And their body, which he's working on by not putting it in grave danger by playing. Bosh did not divulge much about their health.
“It's complicated,” they said. “It's very, very complicated and that's why I haven't been able to play this year.”
Heat president Pat Riley has said, perhaps trying to will it to be true, the team does not expect Bosh to return. They haven't been around a team that's now a shell of the squad with which Bosh won two NBA titles, when the Heatles were the reigning super-team. Bosh originally rebelled against Riley, who Bosh felt was exploiting their condition for salary-cap savings. Now, they seem more at peace with not being a member of the Heat, who just missed out on being the No. 8 seed.
“Yeah, I understand what they have to do as a team,” said Bosh, who stayed around the sport as a TNT studio analyst late in the season. “It is a business. I know we — as athletes and owners and people involved with the NBA — never want to say it's a business, and things like that. It's a business. And hurt does come in with that. But as president of the Miami Heat, I understand what they have to do.”
Bosh was asked what's next for him.
“I don't know,” they said. “And that's exciting. It's always this kind of pressure as an athlete, people [asking], ‘What are you going to do? And you should do this? Or you should do that?' I think it's OK to say, ‘I don't know what I want to do.' I have a lot of things on my mind.”
By their nature, dogs are opportunists. They descend from a species of hunting canines who had to eat when the eating was good, regardless of the situation. The instinct to gulp as much food as possible before anyone else can get to it is a survival mechanism ingrained in them to varying degrees depending on the lineage of your specific dog.
The conditions of your dog's life may also provide further impetus to take up this behavior. If you should adopt a rescue, they may previously have been neglected or underfed in a situation where there were many other pets competing for food and attention. This can lead both to food aggression and to the habit of gobbling up food to keep it from the other dogs.
Certainly, not all dogs are like this. While most tend to eat quickly and with minimal chewing, some dogs pace themselves just fine. It can also be temporary — perhaps there's a specific stimulus prompting them to eat faster than they normally would. If they're getting more exercise than normal, they could in turn be hungrier than normal.
Whatever the case may be, eating too fast can lead to a variety of maladies. The first and most common is bloat, which is what happens when an excess of air is swallowed and their distended stomachs fold over themselves. It's potentially fatal, so anything you can do to prevent it is worth the effort. Eating too fast can also cause vomiting or other gastrointestinal distress.
Having a slow feed bowl or puzzle feeder on hand for those situations where your dog insists on eating too fast is a great idea. Slow feed bowls tend to be simple designs that provide just enough of a barrier to slow your pup down. Puzzle feeders are great if your dog gets bored easily, regardless of their behavior at mealtime. By putting them to work for the reward of food, you get the double benefit of slowing them down while also providing a challenge that stimulates their mind. You don't get paid without doing work, why should your dog?
Here's our list of the top ten best slow feed bowls and puzzle feeders for everyone whose dog is a true chow hound.
1. Outward Hound Fun Feeder
A design enhancement on the old standard Brake-Fast, this simple yet clever bowl promises to slow down eating by ten times. Available in two sizes to suit your dog's size, you can also choose from three different patterns. Or, buy all three and switch them up so your dog gets a new challenge each day. It's not much of a puzzle, but provides just enough to slow your dog down while they eat. Another alternative to this style to consider is the Jw Pet SkidStop.
Price: $8.07 to $11.99 (40 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Available in two sizes and three styles
Significantly slows down eating
Small size holds two cups, while large size holds four
Top rack dishwasher safe
Cons:
Easily flipped over by a clever dog
Dogs may be hesitant to eat from it at first
Prone to being chewed
2. PAW5 Rock ‘N Bowl Puzzle Feeder
As I mentioned in this post, I have a young husky mix. He's still got a serious case of puppy brain despite being 70 pounds, which means two things. First, they scarf their food when he's excited. Not all the time, but maybe two or three times a week. Secondly, as a husky, they get bored very easily. We bought this bowl to extend their mealtimes and give their brain something to work out. It's not particularly challenging, but it requires them to work for their food, nudging it around the floor and spilling out a few pieces at a time.
I just pour their food in through the top and give it a bit of a shake to settle it into the bottom. However, the top does come off for feeding and cleaning, which is easy because it's dishwasher safe. The holes in the lid are large enough for various sizes of kibble. My dog loves it.
Price: $29.95 (25 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Provides the perfect amount of stimulation for daily feeding
Easy to fill and clean
Holds up to four cups of food
Dishwasher safe
Cons:
Unless confined, your dog will chase this all over the house, leaving a trail of kibble
The thin plastic edges are prone to being chewed
Your dog may figure out how to get the top off
3. PAW5 Wooly Snuffle Mat
This was another product we tried with my husky puppy. The food filters down into the fabric rolls, creating a complex foraging dish that requires your dog to sniff out each piece of kibble. As an activity, it provided plenty of stimulation and slowed their eating down dramatically. For upwards of 20 minutes they would work on freeing food and nibbling as they went. There were a couple of drawbacks in that he'd routinely bite the fabric and either drag it around the house or shake it, spilling food everywhere. Since they were quick to eat it up, this wasn't such an issue. The other thing to know is that it gets dirty in a hurry, so you'll be tossing it in the washing machine with some regularity. As an occasional fun feeding time game, though, it's exceptional.
Price: $39.95
Pros:
Machine washable
Stimulates foraging instinct
Effectively slows down eating time
Made of up-cycled materials
Cons:
Your dog might get bored of it
Quickly gets dirty (but is machine washable)
Especially rough dogs can tear it apart
Some dogs will pick it up and shake food free
4. Northmate Green Interactive Feeder
This Northmate product is a large, challenging surface meant to emulate throwing food into tall grass. The network of “blades” significantly slows eating time, making meals an intriguing foraging activity. Because of its size and shape, it's harder than some other slow feed bowls to flip over. The rubber feet on the bottom will keep it from sliding around, and when they're done, it's dishwasher safe. You'll need a decent amount of room for this to fit, but otherwise this is an interesting option to consider.
Price: $34.77
Pros:
Gripping rubber feet to prevent movement
Challenging surface designed as tall blades of grass
Large capacity
Dishwasher safe
Cons:
Some reports of over-eager dogs hurting their eyes by diving in vigorously
Tall projections may not work for all sizes of animals
Large footprint may not fit in all feeding spaces
5. Outward Hound Fun Mat Portable Dog Feeder Bowl
Closely related to the first item on our list, this is specifically aimed at pet parents who often travel with their fast eater. Made of flexible rubber, this can easily be rolled up and stowed in a bag for trips. Unlike the standard Fun Feeder, the ridge pattern is the same whether you opt for green, pink or teal. In addition to making a handy feeing mat while traveling, you could add this to the bottom of any standard bowl for an instant slow feeder.
Price: $7.99 to $9.99
Pros:
Flexible rubber rolls up for travel or can be used in standard dishes
Ridges provide a light challenge to slow down voracious eaters
Available in three colors and two sizes
Top rack dishwasher safe
Cons:
Not as much of a challenge as other options
Easily picked up and chewed
6. Kruuse Buster Activity Mat
Worthy of inclusion on our interactive dog toys list, this involved activity mat is both customizable and expandable. When you first purchase this item, three activities are included: The Envelope, The Water Lily, and The Cone Cloth. Once your dog has mastered those, you can buy more here to keep it interesting. Since it involves a bit of work on your part, you probably won't want to use it for daily meals, but it nevertheless is fantastic at slowing down eating and keeping your dog occupied for long stretches of time. We have this for our husky, as well, and they love it. It takes them quite a while to figure out each time. With the expansions, it just about holds a full meal.
Price: $43.02
Pros:
Large play area provides varied challenges
Expandable with new activities found here
Durable nylon construction
Comes with travel and storage bag
Cons:
Must be hand washed
Time consuming to set up for daily meals
Doesn't hold a large amount of food unless expanded with other activities
Snaps may possibly pull off
7. OurPets IQ Treat Ball Interactive Food Dispensing Dog Toy
A treat-dispensing ball can make a great puzzle feeder. Much like the PAW5 bowl above, this will require your dog to move it around a good amount to get any food from it. Though this holds a relatively small amount of food, usually under half a cup, it makes for a challenging meal activity. You can adjust the difficulty by changing the side of the hole on the inside, but this layer can also be left out for a simple treat ball effect. This would be best suited to mid-size dogs who are not known to destroy plastic toys. Very small breeds can get their bottom jaws caught in the opening and very large, destructive dogs will almost certainly break this apart. If your dog is relatively kind to its toys and just eats too fast, this could be a good choice for you.
Price: $9.99 to $18.99
Pros:
Slow-release puzzle keeps dogs interested
Adjustable difficulty level
Comes apart for easy cleaning
Good for kibble or treats
Cons:
Not dishwasher safe
Smaller dogs may possibly get their teeth stuck inside the ball
Larger dogs may be able to break it
Rolling ball can be loud on hard floors
8. Guzzle Muzzle Slow Feeder Bowl by Wag Haus
One method for slowing your dog's eating is to spread the kibble out on a large, flat surface. This prevents them from grabbing a big pile of it at once. This slow feeder combines that with a traditional puzzle structure. It's available in two sizes, the smallest of which holds 3/4 of food and the larger about one cup. The tray is constructed of food grade PVC and silicon and is easy to clean by hand, but can't be put in the dishwasher. The silicon on the bottom keeps the tray in place and helps resist being turned over. It's not the prettiest to look at, but it will do the job.
Price: $19.88 to $24.88
Pros:
Available in two sizes: small holds 3/4 cup, large holds one cup
Combines both a puzzle and a mat-style feeder
Increases feeding time as much as three times
Easy to clean
Cons:
Not dishwasher safe
May be difficult for dogs with short snouts
Not as challenging as other options
Design unlikely to fit in with home decor
9. Bark Busters GameChanger
If your dog has figured out the rest of these, give the GameChanger a try. This is another one we bought to occupy our husky and I can attest that it is stingy. This will certainly draw out a mealtime. It only holds about half a cup of food, so I would utilize this either as a treat game or for the second half of a meal. It takes my husky upwards of half an hour to finally coax the last of the kibble out of this thing. When you first get it, you'll want to be a little patient with it and supervise your dog. It's designed to wear in, so at first, it will be slippery enough that the lid can easily be pried open. After some time, the material will stiffen and become harder to pull apart. It's a tough device, great for thrashing and keeping your dog occupied. Available in blue, green, yellow, and red and you can mix and match the halves, if you so desire.
Price: $29.39
Pros:
Very challenging puzzle feeder
Tough polyurethane encourages dog to chew and flexes in response
Safe for dog teeth
Quiet on hard floors compared to hard plastic treat dispensers
Cons:
Not dishwasher safe
Requires a break-in period before lid will stay on reliably
Must use smaller sized kibble
On the heavy side for very small dogs
10. AmazonBasics Dog Slow Feeder Bowl
If you need something cheap and straightforward, Amazon offers three different slow feed bowls from their AmazonBasics line. Nothing fancy here, just food-safe plastic bowls shaped as either a honeycomb, soccer ball, or tic-tac-toe pattern. If your dog only needs subtle disruption, this should more than meet your needs. The honeycomb and soccer ball each hold 40 ounces, while the tic-tac-toe holds 50. All are backed by a one year warranty.
Price: $3.06 to $9.49
Pros:
Cheap
Dishwasher safe
Three shapes and patterns to choose from
One-year warranty
Cons:
Not very challenging
Rubber grip doesn't fully cover the bottom, reducing effectiveness
Shallow and prone to spilling kibble
Now that you've solved the problem of your dog eating too fast, it might be time to revisit what they eat. Try our best grain-free dog food post here. You may also want something to keep that food in, so take a look at our pet food containers post here.
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
The Pittsburgh Penguins celebrated their championship with 650,000 fans at the parade on Wednesday.
The day included players (and fans) chugging beers, holding babies, Phil Kessel signing someone's baby, players giving out autographs to the delight of young fans, epic photos of Sidney Crosby, people dressed in impressive Stanley Cup costumes, and some signs to troll the Predators. Overall, it seems like it was a huge success.
Here are all of those great moments:
Chugging celebratory beers
Signing and holding babies
phil kessel signing the back of a baby….beautiful pic.twitter.com/whcdwkd7dh — Carlylyn Vetere (@carlylynv) June 14, 2017
Holding babies, taking selfies, and loving every minute. Phil Kessel is a Stanley Cup Champion… Again. pic.twitter.com/NBOsUq5K5A — Pittsburgh Penguins (@penguins) June 14, 2017
Making young fans cry and lose their minds
hey @penguins thanks for the coolest day ever and for absolutely making my little sister's entire life pic.twitter.com/vT8M9eN7m4 — bella (@blahblahbellz) June 14, 2017
(Not-so-young fans lost their minds too.)
When you are so excited, you can't help but cry… pic.twitter.com/RgCVd4VSOf — Pittsburgh Penguins (@penguins) June 14, 2017
These epic photos of Sidney Crosby
Awesome Stanley Cup costumes
The hugely successful fantasy trilogy Their Dark Materials will be getting a "companion" trilogy, author Philip Pullman announced this evening.
The first book of the new series, which will collectively be called The Book of Dust, is set for publication on October 19.
The original Their Dark Materials trilogy consists of three volumes (The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass) published between 1995 and 2000. The series has sold over 17.5 million copies and been translated into 40 languages.
The events of the first trilogy took place across several parallel worlds — including our own — and touched on disparate ideas related to theology, particle physics, and the loss of childhood innocence. Characters included a headstrong and fiercely intelligent young girl named Lyra Belacqua, and an armored, talking polar bear.
The Book of Dust will return to the world(s) and characters of Their Dark Materials, Pullman said, and Lyra will be integral to the new story — but not in the way they were before. The first volume will take place a decade before the events of Their Dark Materials, when Lyra is an infant. The second and third volumes will be set ten years after the original trilogy's conclusion, and will follow Lyra as a young woman.
But that doesn't mean what you might expect, Pullman told NPR editor Glen Weldon. They want readers to consider the new work not as a simple extension of the original trilogy, but as a "companion" to it.
"The [new] story begins before Their Dark Materials and continues after it," they said, "... you don't have to read it before you read [the original trilogy] ... this is another story that comes after it, so it's not a sequel, and it's not a prequel, it's an equal."
The title, The Book of Dust, refers to an invisible substance that figures largely in the earlier books — a fictional elementary particle that harbors a mysterious affinity with human consciousness.
"That's what I really wanted to explore in this new work," they said. "More about the nature of Dust, and consciousness, and what it means to be a human being."
Pullman has already followed up the original trilogy with two novellas and an audiobook. They said they were motivated to revisit the world of Lyra and their companions with a full trilogy because "I sensed a big story. I sensed the presence, in the way that you do, of another story that hadn't been told, and I went closer and ... thought about it and lived with it for a while and discovered that yes, it was a big story, and it did deserve to be told, it deserves its own books."
Interview Highlights
On where The Book of Dust will fall in the saga
Well, the first book is set roughly ten years before the action of Their Dark Materials. And the second book and subsequent books ... are set ten years after it. So in the first one, Lyra is only a baby of about six months. So she's not able to do very much, but she's certainly the focus of intense activity on the part of the main protagonists. In the second book they will be twenty years old, she'll be an adult....
It's a sort of companion book, if you like. It doesn't stand before [His Dark Materials], it doesn't stand after it, it stands beside it.
On why he's calling it The Book of Dust
Dust is something which terrifies the religious authorities in Their Dark Materials. It seems to have something to do with human consciousness, it seems to have something to do with experience, or as they call it, "sin." But they don't know what it is, or why it's important, and they're terrified of it. Now, in the course of the story, Lyra and their companions discover something about Dust, something important: that it's not a bad thing, it's a good thing.
On whether the overwhelming worldwide reaction to the original trilogy colors their writing of the new one
When I wrote the first series, starting in 1993, I didn't expect more than a readership of about two or three thousand. That's sort of based on previous experience and thinking what sort of book it was, I didn't think it would have very wide audience but maybe a few people would enjoy it. The fact that it was received with such interest all over the world in 40 different languages really did amaze me.
It didn't change what I was doing, though, because I was already in my late 40s when I was starting that, I wasn't a very young writer bowled over by all the response and attention and so on. I was pretty clear and determined about what I was doing and how I was doing it. The only difference it made was that I had a lot more letters to write back. To answer. Nowadays I communicate by Twitter, but back in those days there were a lot of letters to write back, which I duly did.
On their impatient readership
Well, I have a standard answer. When people say "How's The Book of Dust getting along? When's it going to be finished?" I say, with perfect truth, "It is three pages longer today than it was yesterday."
On the criticism their books have received
I've been greatly criticized for the attention to religion that I give in the books, but I've been criticized, on the whole, by people who haven't read the books. My attitude to religion is that religion is a most interesting and extraordinary human phenomenon. I'm fascinated by it, interested in it, and at some points critical of it. And the points when I become critical are the points when politics come into it, and religion acquires political power — political with a small "p," for example, within the confines of a single family, or Political with a large "P," on a national or international scale.
When religion gets the power to tell people how to dress, who to fall in love with, how to behave, what they must not read, what they must not wear, all those things, then religion goes bad. ... Religion is private thing, and a fine thing and a good thing, as long as it remains private. As soon as it becomes public and political, it's dangerous. That's the position I've taken up in the first series and the position this current one takes up as well.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
We're Going Back To Ibiza - Keep It Capital For All The Hype From Tinie Tempah To Martin Garrix
It's gonna be BIGGER and BETTER.
A few weeks ago, we took you to the White Isle for a huge party. Next week, starting from Monday, 21st August, we're going back, and this time, it's gonna be even bigger!
We've got a second week over in Ibiza, so we're going to bring you all of the backstage gossip and LIVE performances from the likes of Martin Garrix and Tinie Tempah at Ushuaïa.
> The 11 Agonizing Stages Of Being That ONE Friend Who Couldn't Go On The Group Holiday
Along with our mates at Samsung, Marvin Humes is going to be jetting off to Ibiza live to catch up with the biggest stars and chatting to all of the ravers and misbehavers - make sure you tune in each night from 10PM to catch up on all of the action from the party capital of the world.
The best part? We want to take you with us. For the next two weeks, we've got TONNES of chances for you to join us out in Ibiza, so keep it Capital for your chance to win.
> Head On Over To Our App, For The Chance To Jet Off To Ibiza With Us
David Guetta's advice for finding love in Ibiza was iconic...
SEOUL: South Korea's special prosecutor's office said on Wednesday it had expanded charges against Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee to include hiding the proceeds of a criminal act before it decided to seek a warrant for their arrest for a second time.
Lee, the third-generation leader of South Korea's top conglomerate, has been identified as a suspect by prosecutors in an influence-peddling scandal that could topple President Park Geun-hye. They were questioned for more than 15 hours straight this week, their second marathon grilling in a month.
The decision to add extra charges, which included hiding assets overseas, was made after a Seoul court denied prosecutors' first attempt to secure an arrest warrant for Lee last month, a spokesperson for the special prosecutor's office said.
“For three weeks, we secured additional evidence that we can be sure about, and after careful deliberation have requested (an arrest warrant) for the second time,” spokesperson Lee Kyu-chul told reporters without elaborating.
South Korea's special prosecutor has focused on Samsung Group's relationship with Park, accusing Lee in their capacity as Samsung chief of pledging 43 billion won ($37.7 million) to a business and organizations backed by Park's friend, Choi Soon-sil, in exchange for support of a 2015 merger of two Samsung companies.
Park, Choi, and Samsung Group have denied bribery accusations.
Park was impeached by parliament in December and South Korea's Constitutional Court will decide whether to uphold that decision. They have been stripped of their powers in the meantime.
The prosecution is also bringing an additional charge of perjury against Lee.
They have also requested an arrest warrant for Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. President Park Sang-jin, who was also questioned on Monday. The charges they and Lee face also include bribery and embezzlement.
A Seoul court said on Tuesday it would hold a hearing on the request for arrest warrants at 10:30 a.m. (0130 GMT) on Thursday. Based on previous instances, the court's decision is expected late on Thursday or most likely early Friday.
The prosecution also said it would decide later whether to seek charges against three other Samsung executives. Samsung Group President Chang Choon-ki was also questioned on Sunday and another executive on Monday.
On Wednesday, Samsung Group repeated an earlier denial on its official Twitter account: “Samsung has absolutely never bribed the president seeking something in return or sought illicit favors.”
“We will do our best for the truth to be revealed in court,” it said.
Earlier this month, prosecutors searched the offices of the antitrust agency, the Korea Fair Trade Commission, and financial regulator, the Financial Services Commission, as part of their investigation of Samsung Group.
The special prosecution office's mandate to conduct the graft investigation will expire on Feb. 28, unless it is extended.
Kaspersky Lab Denies Helping Russian Hack of NSA Contractor
Moscow-based cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab has hit back at a report in the Wall Street Journal which accused it of being involved in a Russian government hack of an NSA contractor in 2015.
The paper reported on Thursday that the NSA contractor, a Vietnamese national who was working to create replacements for the hacking tools leaked by Edward Snowden, was hacked on their personal computer after they took their work home.
There, the report says, the contractor's use of Kaspersky's antivirus software "alerted Russian hackers to the presence of files that may have been taken from the NSA." Once the machine was in their sights, the Russian hackers infiltrated it and obtained a significant amount of data, according to the paper.
Calling the allegations "like the script of a C movie," Eugene Kaspersky [pictured here], the infosec firm's founder, gave their own explanation of what might have happened.
Mr Kaspersky vehemently denied that their company had played any active role in the breach, noting: “We never betray the trust that our users put into our hands. If we did that a single time that would be immediately spotted by the industry and our business would be done.”
Instead, they implied that the root of the problem was that Kaspersky Lab had correctly identified the hacking tools the contractor was working on as malware -- perhaps through Kaspersky Lab's own research into the Equation Group, a "sophisticated cyber espionage platform" believed to be linked to the NSA.
From there, Mr. Kaspersky implies, it may be the case that Kaspersky Lab's own data was hacked by the Russian government. “Even though we have an internal security team, and do bug bounties, we can't give 100% guarantee that there are no security issues in our products, name another security software vendor who can!”
Kaspersky's defense is roughly in line with the general consensus among nonaligned information security experts. Matthew Green, a cryptography professor at Johns Hopkins University, wrote : "Consensus on infosec Twitter is that Kaspersky may not have colluded with [the Russian government]; just maybe their product may be horrendously compromised.
"Not quite sure how that's qualitatively different from the point of view of Kaspersky customers. But I guess it's something."
In an unusual move for a technology chief executive, Mr. Kaspersky republished Green's tweet calling their product "horrendously compromised" in their own blogpost.
The hacking incident in question may be the key evidence used in September to drive a US government-wide ban of Kaspersky products.
At the time, the Department of Homeland Security said it "is concerned about the ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intelligence and other government agencies, and requirements under Russian law that allow Russian intelligence agencies to request or compel assistance from Kaspersky and to intercept communications transiting Russian networks."
In an official statement about the allegations, Kaspersky Lab said: "As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kasperky Labs.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cyberattack, Hackers, Russia, Kaspersky, NSA
TORONTO — Ontario's Liberal Party meets today to hear from Premier Kathleen Wynne, who is expected to deliver a “rally-style” speech to party members for the last time before the coming spring provincial election.
The gathering in downtown Toronto, which enters its second day today, will focus on campaign preparedness, volunteer training and recruitment.
Wynne's speech, expected late Saturday afternoon, is one of two keynote addresses at the weekend event.
Also delivering a keynote address is Grey Cup-winning coach of the Toronto Argonauts, Marc Trestman, around noon.
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
On Friday, Wynne again stressed their campaign themes of creating fairness and opportunity for all Ontarians, as they have for months leading up to the election.
“We're entering into a very interesting period,” they said, laughing. “Is that fair to say? And I've got a great team behind me. We're here to talk about the values that are the Liberal values that drive us.”
Touting policies such as the provincial minimum wage increase and free post-secondary tuition, Wynne also said they believe that government should help people do things they can't do for themselves.
“We're not a business,” Wynne said. “We're a caring society and our government has to be an expression of that.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lumley said 'it felt right to wear black... in support of MeToo'
Joanna Lumley says they are "terrified that all men are seen as bad" in the wake of the Hollywood sex scandal.
The actor told Good Housekeeping magazine: "This year I do feel the spirit of the suffragettes is with us and we're speaking out about women being treated badly around the world.
"That said, I am terrified that all men are seen as bad."
The Ab Fab actor added: "We mustn't deride all men, as only the few are bad and we need to remember that, too."
Image caption Lumley (right) has enjoyed a long working relationship with Jennifer Saunders
Lumley, 71, hosted the Bafta Film Awards earlier this year, which was dominated by the Time's Up and #MeToo movements.
They said: "I love and respect men. I am married to one, I work with some wonderful men and I have a son.
But they added: "Even though they [the stars] were dressed in black, they looked wonderful.
"It felt right to wear black at the time in support of MeToo. Anything that empowers women is to be supported."
Lumley, who was awarded the Bafta Fellowship last year, is best known for playing champagne-quaffing Patsy Stone in Absolutely Fabulous.
 They are also a well-known activist and charity campaigner.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lumley is going on a UK tour in the autumn
They helped to secure the rights of Gurkhas who retired prior to 1997, to settle in the UK.  They are also a patron of charities such as Trust in Children and Tree Aid, which fights poverty in Africa.
Lumley told the magazine their mother was a "very good role model" for their campaigning work.
"She couldn't bear bullying and had an enormous sense of social justice. 'Do as you would be done by' was always their mantra...'Be reliable, don't be a thief or a snitch or a husband stealer', all those lessons were instilled into me as a child and to stand up to any form of wrongdoing and bullying."
The actor is embarking on their It's All About Me tour later this year, where they will be joined on stage by their friend and producer Clive Tulloh, who will put questions from the audience to them
"Let's face it, I'm not getting any younger, so I want to do this before I lose my marbles and while I can still remember all the different parts of my life!"
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Whereas humans can look at a complex landscape like a mountain vista and almost immediately orient themselves to navigate its multiple regions over long distances, other mammals such as rodents orient relative to physical cues—like approaching and sniffing a wall—that build up over time.
This ability to navigate our surroundings and understand our relative position includes an environment-dependent scaling mechanism, according to a new study.
“Our research, based on human data, redefines the fundamental properties of the internal coordinate system,” says Zoltan Nadasdy, lead author of the study and an adjunct assistant professor in the University of Texas at Austin's psychology department. Nadasdy is also a researcher at Eötvös Loránd University and the Sarah Cannon Research Institute at St. David's Medical Center.
“Dysfunction in this system causes memory problems and disorientation, such as we see in Alzheimer's disease and age-related decline. So, it's vital that we continue to further our understanding of this part of the brain,” they say.
Electrodes and virtual reality
Through a partnership with Seton Healthcare Family, the researchers in the UT Austin Human Brain Stimulation and Electrophysiology Lab were able to measure relevant brain activity of epileptic patients whose diagnostic procedure requires that they have electrodes planted in the entorhinal cortex of the brain. Neurons there serve as the internal coordinate system for humans. (The brains of individuals with epilepsy function normally when not undergoing a seizure.)
Patients performed a virtual navigation task on a tablet computer in four environments daily for seven to eight consecutive days. By measuring their brain activity, the researchers identified three previously unknown traits of the system:
Humans rescale their internal coordinate system according to the size of each new environment. This flexibility differs from rodents' rigid map that has a constant grid scale and empowers humans to navigate diverse places.
When seeking navigational cues in any given location, humans automatically align their internal compass with the corners and shape of the space. In contrast, rodents do so relative to the walls of the environment through physical exploration.
The nature of the coordinate system differs between humans and rodents—Cartesian and hexagonal respectively.
The findings illuminate the fabric of the human memory and spatial navigation, which are vulnerable to disease and deterioration. Deeper knowledge of these neuronal mechanisms can inform the development of techniques to prolong the health of this part of the brain and combat diseases such as Alzheimer's.
Are animal models still accurate?
The study, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, builds on earlier Nobel Prize-winning research exploring the entorhinal cortex of rodents. Due to the differences discovered between the human and rodent systems of navigation, the researchers emphasize that generalizing results from studies on animal subjects may provide inaccurate conjectures.
“Now, we can continue to explore this key component of what it means to be human—how we think about our past and future, how we imagine and plan.”
This study is one of the few on human subjects that report on the activity of individual neuron behavior, says György Buzsáki, an expert from New York University Medical Center who was not involved in the research.
“They not only confirm a previous report but extend the findings by showing that the size of the neuronal representation by entorhinal grid cells scales with the environment,” Buzsáki says.
“Our hypothesis is challenging the definition of a universal spatial scale of environment predominant in lower mammals, which may open up important avenues of discovery,” says Robert Buchanan, another lead author of the study and an associate professor at Dell Medical School.  They are also an adjunct associate professor in the university's psychology department and a chief of neurosurgery at Seton Brain and Spine Institute.
“Now, we can continue to explore this key component of what it means to be human—how we think about our past and future, how we imagine and plan,” Buchanan says.
By using virtual reality, the researchers also refined a new experimental technology for facilitating spatial experiences that can't be reproduced in a laboratory. The data implies that humans can seamlessly switch between reality and virtual reality—a finding that can be applied in other studies of the brain.
Additional coauthors are from Baylor College of Medicine; Eötvös Loránd University and Hungarian Academy of Sciences; and UT Austin's Dell Medical School and Seton Brain and Spine Institute.
The Brain and Behavior Research Foundation and the Seton Seed Grant for Research supported the work.
Source: University of Texas at Austin
TWO Opotiki women have got the lowdown for how to call the police and are sharing their experience in the hope it might assist others.
Opotiki Signs and Embroidery owner Michelle Hoskins and staff member Natalie Baird had a non-threatening but unpleasant experience last Monday when a male customer did not want to leave the store.
The man had wanted immediate service in spite of the staff being busy with other customers.
They refused to exit the store after being asked to leave four times.
When asked not to use profanities they became apologetic, although they did not leave the store.
Feeling the situation did not constitute an emergency, the two women did not want to dial 111, but instead tried to call the Opotiki police station.
In spite of making several attempts, the calls were neither answered nor switched through to the Whakatane police station.
Once their 45-minute ordeal was over, the comment from the police was the women should have called 111 at the outset.
Calling 111
POLICE media spokesperson Rachel Purdom said examples of situations when the public should call 111 include:
When someone is badly injured or in danger
When a crime is being committed and the offenders are still there or have just left
When you've come across a major public inconvenience, such as trees blocking a highway.
“Dial 111 and ask for police when any of those things are happening or have just happened,” they said.
“If you can't decide if it's a real emergency and you're still worried, call 111 and ask for police, and we'll help you work out what to do.”
Dozens of children in Dundee have returned to school early as part of a scheme designed to improve attainment and wellbeing.
While most pupils go back to class this week, some children from St Luke's & St Matthew's and St Vincent's primary schools — now under the umbrella of the new St Francis campus — have already been back for a fortnight.
The children have been taking advantage of a project aimed at improving their learning by helping them to settle in to classes earlier than normal.
Head teacher Neil Lowden said it was the second year that pupils had taken part in the project as part of the Scottish Attainment Challenge.
They said a pilot project had been so successful last year that they had been keen to run it again this year.
Children taking part in the scheme work on literacy and numeracy skills as well as experiencing opportunities to develop life skills linked to health and wellbeing.
Mr Lowden said: “Last year we ran numeracy and literacy sessions during the last week of the school holidays.
“This year we have been able to increase that to the last two weeks of the holidays.
“At the beginning of the summer, many camps were focused on physical activity and social and emotional wellbeing.”
Chloe Stewart, 10, from Fintry, said they hadn't minded going back to school early. They said: “I've really enjoyed the maths lessons and think they have been really helpful.”
Equally pleased with their summer lessons was Stephanie Sorley, 11, also from Fintry.
They said: “It has helped me a lot with my maths.”
Kerys Donachie, 10, from Mid Craigie, said they had enjoyed taking part in the netball camp as well as brushing up on their maths.
Councillor Gregor Murray, convener of Dundee City Council's children and families service, told the Tele: “Last year the programme proved to be a huge success and it's great to see it back for a second year.
“This innovative programme at St Francis is helping to encourage a number of pupils and will help them prepare for the return to school next week.”
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
When you're hungry at the end of a long day's hike, a bag of pulverized Chex mix isn't going to cut it. You want hot food. Fire and cast iron may be the old-school go-to, but a good camp stove delivers meals quicker, cleaner, and more efficiently. Thankfully, tech and innovation have transformed this space in remarkable ways. Forget that old Coleman, in other words: Companies like BioLite and Traeger make cooking gear designed to satiate today's chef.
After working up an appetite on the trail, we put stoves from these companies to the test for our daily meals. We experimented with a range of cuisines and cooking habits, yet one stove kept us coming back for more: BioLite's CampStove 2 Bundle.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
BioLite CampStove 2 Bundle
Every camp stove makes heat. BioLite's CampStove 2 also makes electricity for your gadgets, and it does it with free fuel available all around you. Just fill it with twigs, light it up, and an integrated USB port will start to juice up your dying phone.
Unlike the original BioLite CampStove, the new CampStove 2 has an onboard battery, delivers 50 percent more electricity, and has a smart LED dashboard. While cooking, this display gives users a quick view of how strong the fire is, the speed setting of an internal fan that stokes the flame, and how much power output is currently available. This last bit is especially useful as it provides quick feedback on whether the USB out port is capable of charging a device. Sure, camping means you should unplug, but when your phone is also your GPS, camera, emergency beacon, and survival manual, there are plenty of legitimate reasons to keep it charged.
The Tech: BioLite's patented core technology converts wasted heat into usable electricity with an integrated thermoelectric generator that delivered up to 3 watts of power in testing — enough to charge a phone. In case you don't need watts with your dinner, the stove also stores any unused power in its onboard 2,600 mAh battery, allowing for additional charging once the fire dies. That's just a little less juice than you would find in a fully charged iPhone 7 Plus.
Tech-centric features aside, the stove cooks admirably — once you get it going, that is. The CampStove 2 takes some patience to ignite without firelighter tabs — it's not quite as quick as flicking a Bic to start a gas stove. Sticks and twigs extend the cook time by a handful of minutes, so you'll need to be prepared to feed it, too. It's a minor nitpick, but worth noting if someone wants to cook a meal in just a matter of minutes.
Capable of packing down relatively lean, it wouldn't be out of the question for a courageous backpacker to take this on a week-long trip. For the most part, the CampStove 2 functions better as a car-camping stove, and its rugged construction means it would take some serious damage to render the thing unusable.
At $200 for the entire bundle, which includes a stuff sack, a USB cord, the CampStove 2, a BioLite KettlePot, and a portable grill top, it's also a reasonably cost-effective cooking option. Our favorite camp stove we used this summer, BioLite's CampStove 2 is a worthwhile addition to any camper's lot of gear.
Runner-up
It's a behemoth in the grilling space, but Traeger isn't necessarily synonymous with portability, let alone camping. With one of its newest grills, the PTG+ or Portable Tabletop Grill, the Salt Lake City-based company hopes to change that tune — even if it means venturing into a space typically referred to as glamping. We say this because while Traeger designed the grill to be much more portable than its traditional (read: larger) chip-fueled grills, it still requires a power source for operation. If you have power though — and many upscale camping sites do — the PTG+ can prepare some truly delicious camping fare. With a massive built-in hopper of pellet fuel designed to keep the fire smoking for hours, the PTG+ is almost “set it and forget it” easy. Inside, an induction fan keeps smoke circulating to provide even heat and flavor distribution for your ribs, brisket, or whatever food you want to infuse with the taste of the outdoors. The grill requires 300 watts for the first four minutes it's powered on, then 50 watts throughout the cook. That doesn't solve the problem of requiring electricity at all, but smaller power banks would have the ability to power this for a cook or two. It's perfect for the serious car-camping griller, but its reliance on electricity holds it back from being a true camping staple.
Videos and photography by Dan Baker/Digital Trends
Popular Internet of Things (IoT) Standard Protocol Reaches Maturity
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - The Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) today announced that the popular LightweightM2M (LwM2M) version 1.0 specification has moved from Candidate Release status to Approved Release status. The OMA Board of Directors passed the motion to move the specification to Approved status at its meeting held February 9, 2017 in Vancouver, Canada. Marking an important milestone for this specification, which is being widely deployed in the industry, the move to Approved status indicates that all features for LwM2M v1.0 have been frozen. New features on the LwM2M roadmap will be included in subsequent versions of the specification.
"I am excited to introduce the LwM2M v1.0 standard, a holistic approach to IoT device management standardization," said Padmakumar Subramani, Principal Product Manager at Nokia and Chairman of the Device Management Working Group at OMA. "LwM2M exemplifies efforts of OMA to combine lower layer standards coming from 3GPP and IETF. I would invite everyone involved in developing IoT products and services to download the specification to get first-hand information on LwM2M."
OMA's LightweightM2M (LwM2M) is a device management protocol designed for sensor networks and the demands of a machine-to-machine (M2M) environment. With LwM2M, OMA has responded to market demand for a common standard for managing lightweight and low power devices on a variety of networks necessary to realize the potential of IoT. The LwM2M protocol features a modern architectural design based on REST, defines an extensible resource and data model and reuses and builds upon an efficient secure data transfer standard called the Constrained Application Protocol (CoAP). CoAP is standardized by the Internet Engineering Taskforce (IETF) as a variation of the Internet's HTTP. LwM2M has been specified by a group of industry experts in OMA's Device Management Working Group and is based on protocol and security standards from the IETF. The LwM2M specification is freely available at http://www.openmobilealliance.org/wp/index.html.
"OMA's LwM2M v1.0 specification is the result of collaboration between a number of companies, bringing a standardized approach to critical, secure remote management capability," said Michael Horne, deputy general manager and vice president of marketing and sales, IoT Business, ARM. "It allows enterprises and developers to utilize trusted ecosystems and reduce time to market through implementations such as ARM® mbed™ Cloud and mbed OS, that build on the energy efficiency of CoAP. This delivers security and interoperability to constrained IoT devices in applications such as smart city, smart manufacturing and asset management."
In addition to the LwM2M 1.0 specification itself, OMA has fostered a vibrant community of developers working with the LwM2M specification. The developer community is supported by the LwM2M Developer Toolkit. The toolkit contains a LwM2M product listing, a technical summary, a place to log issues, and information on upcoming test events and educational workshops. The toolkit also contains links to open source implementations of the LwM2M protocol including Eclipse Foundation's Leshan and AVSystem's Anjay.
"LwM2M is a powerful yet simple technology that fulfills the need to remotely manage IoT devices," said Philippe Guillemette, Chief Technical Officer, Sierra Wireless. "This technology draws from the decades-long experience of both the mobile and Internet industries, and the IoT is positioned right at the junction of these two worlds. With the approval of version 1.0 of the specification, we can now continue to build interoperable solutions on a stable foundation."
More than 25 companies are currently deploying LightweightM2M in products and services. Products include the ARM mbed IoT Device Platform, AVSystem's Coiote Platform, Ericsson's Dynamic Digital Interaction (DDI), Gemalto modules, Huawei's OceanConnect IoT Platform, IoTerop's IOWA LwM2M commercial stack, Microsoft's Azure, Nokia's IMPACT IoT Platform, Sierra Wireless' modules, gateways and IoT platform and more.
"Given the proliferation of smart devices and sensors, a standard approach to device management would greatly benefit the industry and our customers," said Cameron Coursey, Vice President, Internet of Things Solutions, AT&T. "The data security, efficient transport and the ease of implementation make LwM2M a highly desirable protocol for AT&T's Internet of Things. We're working with many module and device manufactures to ensure interoperability."
First released as a Candidate specification in 2014, LwM2M has been adopted widely in the IoT market and is positioned for rapid growth according to IDATE Digiworld.
"IDATE explored the market opportunities over four markets including automotive, utilities, building automation and logistics. The total installed base of LwM2M-enabled devices will reach over 235 million units in 2022, from less than 0.5 million units in 2015," said Samuel Ropert, Head of IoT Practice at IDATE Digiworld. "This represents a CAGR of 154% in the 2015-2022 period."
About Open Mobile Alliance (OMA)
OMA is the leading industry forum for developing market driven, interoperable mobile service enablers. OMA was formed by the world's leading mobile operators, device and network suppliers, information technology companies and content providers as the industry focal point for the development of mobile service enabler specifications. OMA is a non-profit organization that delivers open specifications for creating interoperable services that work across all geographical boundaries, on any bearer network. OMA's specifications support the billions of new and existing terminals across a variety of wireless networks, including traditional cellular operator networks and emerging networks supporting machine-to-machine device communications for the Internet of Things (IoT). New work in OMA is leading to the development of next generation mobile services in areas such as Device Management, LBS, IoT, APIs and more. See www.openmobilealliance.org.
LiAngelo Ball participated in a pre-draft workout for the Los Angeles Lakers Tuesday while their brother Lonzo watched from the sideline. According to multiple reporters who watched live, LiAngelo didn't live up to their billing as a 6-foot-5 sharpshooter, and the former UCLA player may actually be two or three inches shorter than he's listed.
LiAngelo Ball was listed at 6-foot-5 by UCLA, and though they aren't invited to the NBA combine, the Professional Basketball Combine listed Ball's height at 6-foot-5 and one quarter inch earlier this month. When Ball showed up for their Lakers workout, they were the same height as some beat reporters.
“I was a little surprised by their height, too,” Spectrum Sportsnet's Mike Bresnahan said. “He was listed at 6-foot-5. Dan, I'm 6-foot-2, and they and I stood eye-to-eye. Unless he's a really fast point guard, or the next Steph Curry, I have to wonder where their place in the NBA will be.”
Main takeaway from LiAngelo Ball's workout – he's about @MikeBresnahan height – not near the listed 6'5" — Eric Pincus (@EricPincus) May 29, 2018
Ball was already undersized at 6-foot-5, which is a major problem given their lack of speed. It also certainly doesn't seem like he'll be Steph Curry 2.0, if their performance in this drill is any indication.
Lonzo Ball watches as LiAngelo Ball goes through the Lakers “mentality drill” which tests your stamina, shooting, speed and rebounding. pic.twitter.com/eRL1F1WBH1 — Ohm Youngmisuk (@NotoriousOHM) May 29, 2018
So how tall is LiAngelo Ball? It's difficult to say. LiAngelo is clearly shorter than their brother Lonzo, who is listed at 6-foot-6 by the Lakers.
LiAngelo's also taller than Jaylen Adams, who is listed at 6-foot-2.
LiAngelo Ball may just be a medium-sized Baller.
Suddenly, a lot more of us now know what “incel” means. And those who don't can consult one of the dozens of helpful articles that have popped up online in the past few days, in the wake of the massacre of pedestrians in Toronto, to explain what it means. “Incel” is short for “involuntarily celibate,” and generally refers to a subculture of men who are frustrated and angry about being sexually rejected by women. They commiserate with one other online while raging against what they believe to be a culture that discriminates against them.
Is Alek Minassian, the Toronto van attack suspect, an incel? We don't know. An odd message enthusing that an “Incel Rebellion has already begun!” apparently appeared on Minassian's Facebook account not long before the rampage. The message also praised Elliot Rodger, the young man who injured 14 people and killed seven (including himself) in Isla Vista, Calif., in 2014 — an attack motivated by revenge for perceived sexual rejection.
One message has not proved enough for police to come to any conclusions about Minassian's motive yet, and rightly so. We don't even know for sure if Minassian wrote it. But it's been enough for the public — or at least a vocal part of it on social media — to lash out at Minassian for committing what much of the Twitterverse seems to consider the worst of all possible sins: hating women.
Toronto activist Kristyn Wong-Tam tweeted Tuesday: “The hatred and violence that fuelled Alek Minassian's attack yesterday is best described as misogyny.” Others blamed Minassian's alleged murders on “toxic masculinity” and the radicalization of white men. Left-wing writer George Ciccariello-Maher on Twitter labelled it “mass murder by a misogynistic men's rights activist.” These are among the more nuanced comments. There are plenty more that simply emphasize how ugly, disgusting and pathetic incels are (the word “losers” appears again and again). Besides being premature, these comments are counterproductive.
That what Minassian is alleged to have done is horrific
That what Minassian is alleged to have done is horrific, is clear. But it is horrific because of the damage the attack has done to so many human beings and the loved ones who survive them, or who will stand beside them as they embark on a long road of physical and psychological recovery. The attack is no more or less horrific if it was based on the victims' genders. And the attacker is no more or less culpable if the alienation and/or rage that fuelled it stemmed from a subjective feeling of sexual rejection, a hatred of women, or, say, an obsession with society's class inequality.
So, when commenters respond to the story by shrieking that all incels deserve to die, or even with the far subtler charge that what happened tells us something about gender or misogyny, they miss the point. It's not that incels aren't misogynist or disturbed. And the important point isn't that someone driven to go on a destructive rampage of the sort that took place on Monday is obviously repellant. What it tells us, most importantly, is that the level of anger and social disconnection evident is so significant that it calls out for figuring out how to reach and reintegrate these people into normal society, and to help them find better ways to address their pain. That isn't helped by smug tweets about their mother complexes and vileness.
We have programs to deradicalize religious extremists. In the case of incels (which the van driver may or may not be), shouting about what horrible women-hating losers they are (which they may very well be) is not going to prevent one of them from murdering again. And banning them from Reddit subgroups isn't going to help their persecution complexes. It won't make them go away. It'll just send them further into the shadows.
In the case of the van driver, if the early reports that they have pronounced social difficulties prove true — and if it wasn't that they suffered some sort of psychotic break that left them out of touch with reality — then what we seem to have, regardless of other factors, is a person whose isolation from other people was too painful and profound for them to deal with.
It won't make them go away. It'll just send them further into the shadows
That's not vile or disgusting. It's sad. And dangerous. And doing something about it — just like doing something about incels — will require more from us than the easy condemnation that tends to be our first response to people who are doing or saying awful things.
I admit I'm not sure what compassionate teaching of human connection looks like in practice — especially with adults who have lived so many years without the relevant experience, knowledge or skills. And I admit that if I had a close personal connection to one of the victims of Monday's attack, I might not appreciate a column like this one, counselling against lashing out at people who have done terrible things. But if the goal is to reduce the chance of a similar horror taking place, then the difficult work of helping even the least-sympathetic isolated people find respect and belonging must be higher on our agendas than generating hatred — even for those people who hate.
St. Matthias to hold VBS June 3-7
Last Updated: May 28, 2018 at 4:43 am
St. Matthias Episcopal Church in Summerton will hold “Shipwrecked VBS: Rescued by Jesus” from 6-8 p.m. daily June 3-7, inviting children to discover that Jesus rescued them. Kids in K4 through fifth grades will participate in memorable Bible-learning activities; sing catchy songs; play teamwork-building games; make and devour yummy treats; experience one-of-a-kind Bible adventures; collect Bible memory buddies to remind them of God's love; and test out science gizmos they'l take home and play with all summer long. For more information, call (803) 485-2504 or visit StMatthiasAnglican.org.
In the Midtown neighborhood of Springfield, the Ujima literacy program is helping to improve children's literacy.
Ujima, a Swahili word that means collective work and responsibility, is an effort made possible by several organizations. They include Missouri State University, Springfield Public Schools, Springfield NAACP, Springfield-Greene County Library, Parents as Teachers and the Bartley-Decatur Neighborhood Center.
Ujima started in summer 2016 as a literacy camp for children in the early grades. Since then, it has grown, and includes a monthly program for infants, toddlers and elementary students.
Dr. Shurita Thomas-Tate, Ujima director and associate professor of communication sciences and disorders at MSU, and their graduate assistant Lindsey Lower, explain about the program and its impact.
An interview with Dr. Shurita Thomas-Tate and Lindsey Lower.
Read the full transcript
To find out how you get involved with Ujima, contact Thomas-Tate at 417-836-6878.
TODAY'S WORD — VISCERA (VISCERA: VIS-er-uh: The intestines.)
Average mark 24 words
Time limit 40 minutes
Can you find 33 or more words in VISCERA? The list will be published tomorrow.
YESTERDAY'S WORD — JAUNTILY jail jaunt jaunty jilt junta alit anil anti aunt ulna unit unity unlay unlit until nail tail tiny tuna inlay inly lain laity lint linty liny litany
To purchase the Word Game book, visit WordGameBooks.com. Order it now for just $5 while supplies last!
RULES OF THE GAME:
1. Words must be of four or more letters.
2. Words that acquire four letters by the addition of “s,” such as “bats” or “dies,” are not allowed.
3. Additional words made by adding a “d” or an “s” may not be used. For example, if “bake” is used, “baked” or “bakes” are not allowed, but “bake” and “baking“ are admissible.
4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually explicit words are not allowed.
To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe, write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, Andrews McMeel Syndication, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
Cristiano Ronaldo is facing up to the possibility of a 12-match ban after their shove on referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea during Real Madrid's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana win over Barcelona.
The Portugal star endured a dramatic outing at Camp Nou on Sunday, coming off the bench to score before getting booked for removing their shirt in celebration.
They took a tumble in the box soon after and earned a second yellow card for an apparent dive, but Ronaldo allowed their anger to get the better of them as they pushed the official, who then included the incident in their match report.
"Player: Cristiano Ronaldo Dos Santos Aveiro. Once the red card was shown, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement," wrote the referee.
That leaves Ronaldo open to sanction under Article 96 of the Royal Spanish Football Federation's (RFEF) laws, which recommends a suspension of 4-12 matches for players found to "grab, push or shake" an official in a manner that is "slightly violent".
The 32-year-old is already due to serve a one-game ban following their dismissal. If the RFEF's competition committee applies a suspension of five games or more it will apply to all domestic matches. If the ban is four games or fewer, it will apply solely to the Super Cup.
Madrid host Barça in the second leg on Wednesday and begin their LaLiga title defence at Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday.
Open Letter to Shareholders Summarizes Recent Milestones
MIAMI, FL--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Progressive Care, Inc. ( OTC PINK : RXMD) ("Progressive" or the "Company"), a South Florida health services organization and provider of prescription pharmaceuticals specializing in health practice risk management, the sale of anti-retroviral medications and related medication therapy management, the sale and rental of durable medical equipment and the supply of prescription medications to long term care facilities, releases the following letter to Shareholders from the Company's Chief Executive Officer, S. Parikh Mars:
Dear Progressive Care Shareholders,
2017 has taken off at a blistering pace. The New Year has brought exciting opportunities and a renewed sense of purpose in pursuing our goals and mission to elevate the role of pharmacies in the health care industry. Last year was full of accomplishments both big and small. These accomplishments have been the foundation upon which we plan to execute an ambitious agenda in the coming months and years.
I want to thank all of the shareholders for their continued support of the Company. Through your tremendous loyalty we have been able to reach new heights and seek out opportunities for growth that will make a difference this year.
Significant Achievements
At the end of 2015, Progressive Care and its wholly owned subsidiary PharmCo, LLC were on the precipice of great things. The 3(a)(10) transaction was completed in December 2015, eliminating nearly $2 million in aged debt off the balance sheet. Without any encumbrances, we moved steadfastly on our mission to transform the role of the pharmacy in the healthcare system and achieve success through aggressive growth of our brand and level of service.
Our first achievement came in early in the year by moving to the OTC Pink Current Information Tier. We also engaged an auditing firm to conduct third party reviews of our quarterly financial statements. Our efforts greatly improved the visibility and reliability of our public information, providing more trust and transparency to our shareholders.
We then embarked on a schedule of investor conferences to provide shareholders and investors an opportunity to interact with the management team in person. These conferences yielded relationships and feedback that have helped us navigate our future as a public company. With the wind at our back we began taking the necessary steps to reach the next level both financially and operationally.
During the summer of 2016, the pace of the company's development accelerated with Chicago Ventures as our secured financing partner and the engagement of Boustead Securities, a California based broker/dealer (Formerly Monarch Bay Securities) to locate and secure mergers and acquisitions. With the first tranche of funds from Chicago Ventures, we have been able to complete the build-out of the warehouse space and start our new business venture, Smart Medical Alliance, a healthcare consulting company. Its goal is to unify the performance of the pharmacy and the physician to generate optimal health outcomes.
During the third and fourth quarters, the operation experienced many developments. With the warehouse space built-out and the Script Pro automation system installed, the filling capacity of the pharmacy has nearly tripled. The new work flow systems have improved efficiency, decreased waste, and enhanced accuracy. It also has allowed for more square footage to be devoted to long term care pharmacy services.
During 2016, PharmCo achieved 20,000 prescriptions filled in a single month, sustained positive cash flows, and profitability. Prescription counts grew over 20% and revenues grew over 34% when compared to 2015. Growth trends were due in large part to expanded marketing efforts, directed advertising, and word-of-mouth of PharmCo's performance rating and the ability of the pharmacy to improve the performance ratings of the physicians it serves. The company provides services to nearly 12,000 patients of diverse demographics across South Florida.
2016 Key Highlights
OTC Pink Current Information
Engagement of PCAOB auditing firm for third party reviews of financial statements
Secured financing partner: Chicago Ventures
Secured Broker/Dealer Partner: Boustead Securities
Attended multiple investor conferences
Conducted Quarterly Earnings Calls
Completed build-out of warehouse space
Installed Script Pro Automation System
Achieved 20,000 prescriptions filled in a single month
Started Smart Medical Alliance, healthcare consulting company
Became the primary 340B pharmacy for Empower U
Switched Pharmacy Services Administration Organization (PSAO) and primary wholesale vender to Epic Pharmacy Network and McKesson
Increased year-over-year prescription counts and revenues by over 20% and 34% respectively
Cash flow positive and positive earnings
Outlook
2017 brings many uncertainties for the healthcare industry. Changes are already underway by Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) companies to restrict networks, lower reimbursements, greatly reduce fee-for-service contracts and enhance capitated risk and performance reviews. In addition, government policy remains in flux with regard to regulations and maintenance of the healthcare system as a whole. As we adjust, we have been making great strides in diversifying our patient and physician base. We are also continually updating our products and services to best meet the needs of our customers as well as comply with the rules of an ever changing industry.
To start the year, we have engaged Berkowitz Pollack Brant, a PCAOB auditing firm, to conduct a full audit of the Annual Report to be issued for 2016 results. This will be the first set of audited financial statements of the company since 2011. As we move forward with our growth agenda, we will make sure that audited financial statements are no longer an impediment to securing the right avenues of advancement and development.
PharmCo has already secured another 340B contract with Community AIDS Network which will be active as of April 1, 2017. We look forward to developing this and all of our revenue streams including non-sterile compounding, Medication Therapy Management (MTM), and long term care. We will aim to maintain a stable foot hold in the community and continue to grow organically as we expand across the Southern half of Florida.
PharmCo also established a resource center in Century Village of Pembroke Pines with over 17,000 residents over the age of 55 years old. This resource center is for the exclusive use of Century Village residents and acts as a linkage point for the residents to get information about their prescriptions and what PharmCo can do for them. We anticipate that this resource center will yield profitable results during the year and be a platform to reaching the surrounding health care providers and other Century Village communities in Florida.
The following are our strategic goals for 2017:
Achieve 25,000 prescriptions filled in a single month by December 2017
Increase annual overall sales to $22 million
Secure additional 340B contracts and long term care facility relationships
Secure MSO contracts from insurance carriers for Smart Medical Alliance
Achieve accreditation for non-sterile compounding
Continue full enterprise profitability and earnings growth
Publish audited financial statements and leverage these statements to secure new investment opportunities for mergers and acquisitions
Achieve profitability for the Century Village and Smart Medical Alliance ventures
Closing Remarks
Many of our shareholders have been with the company for many years. They have witnessed downturns most other companies would not be able to overcome only to see us now steadily climbing the mountain of success. 2017 will be a year of tremendous change for the healthcare industry, but with this comes the opportunity to seize great prosperity for those who are ready. This company has the ability to adapt at a moment's notice and is ready to take advantage of the momentum we have built over the last 2 years. With our corporate vision, team of skilled professionals, and the strength of our convictions to guide us, we believe that this year will be our best yet.
Best regards,
S. Parikh Mars,
Chief Executive Officer
Progressive Care, Inc.
About Progressive Care (RXMD)
Progressive Care, Inc. ( OTC PINK : RXMD), through its subsidiary PharmCo, LLC, is a South Florida health services organization and provider of prescription pharmaceuticals specializing in health practice risk management, the sale of anti-retroviral medications and related medication therapy management, the sale and rental of durable medical equipment and the supply of prescription medications to long term care facilities.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Words such as "continue," "will," "may," "could," "should," "expect," "expected," "plans," "intend," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, whether Progressive Care or its business continues to grow and whether any additional financing can be secured by Progressive Care and whether such additional financing will be adequate to meet the Company's objectives. All forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, many of which are generally outside the control of Progressive Care and are difficult to predict. Examples of such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) Progressive Care's ability (or inability) to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed; (ii) Progressive Care's ability to successfully expand in existing markets and enter new markets; (iii) Progressive Care's ability to successfully manage and integrate any acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies; (iv) unanticipated operating costs, transaction costs and actual or contingent liabilities; (v) the ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; (vi) adverse effects of increased competition on Progressive Care's business; (vii) changes in government licensing and regulation that may adversely affect Progressive Care's business; (viii) the risk that changes in consumer behavior could adversely affect Progressive Care's business; (ix) local, industry and general business and economic conditions. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements can be found in the most recent annual report contained in our Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year Ended December 31, 2015 and the subsequently filed quarterly reports in our Consolidated Financial Statements for the Quarter Ended March 31; June 30; and September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) filed with OTC Disclosure and News Service and current reports on Form 8-K filed by Progressive Care with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Progressive Care anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its plans, intentions and expectations to change. Progressive Care assumes no obligation, and it specifically disclaims any intention or obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by law.
Fire Crews from Vista, San Marcos Oceanside and Carlsbad are responding to a 2nd-alarm vegetation fire off State Route 78 and Mar Vista Drive.
The fire destroyed a shed but was quickly contained at 4 acres. Crews are now mopping up.
There were no evacuations. The cause is under investigation. The fire started around 4:30 p.m.
Via | HotNewHipHop
No one of sound mind can debate that this was the Year of SZA . Since finally gracing the masses with their debut CTRL album, it's only been up from there for Top Dawg Entertainment's resident siren.
RELATED: SZA's “CTRL” Named 2017's Best Album by Time Magazine
She's since gone on their first headlining trek, garnered several RIAA plaques, and further secured their place as more than a flash in the pan after locking down five Grammy nominations for the 2018 ceremonies: the best new artist, the best R&B performance, best rap/sung performance, the best R&B song, and best urban contemporary album.
Narrowing down which top QB Jets will draft When the Jets handed Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan two-year contract extensions in December, at the end of a second straight 5-11 season, many viewed it as the Jets being...
Grading how Mike Maccagnan's Jets rebuild has gone so far Jets general manager Mike Maccagnan had been waiting for this week for a long time. Last year, they tore down their roster, parting ways with some very popular, longtime Jets...
Jets are getting an up-close look at Baker Mayfield Jets general manager Mike Maccagnan is taking a break from free agency to check out one of the top college quarterbacks Wednesday. Maccagnan is attending Oklahoma's Pro Day, where Baker...
Jets want to know everything about Baker Mayfield The Jets are doing their homework on Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield. Mayfield told themmqb.com that in addition to meeting with the Jets last week at the NFL Scouting Combine, he...
ESPN draft expert thinks one QB stands out for the Jets There may be a gap developing between the top two college quarterbacks and the next two in next month's draft. That's what ESPN draft analyst Todd McShay thinks at least....
'Brutally honest' Baker Mayfield has message for Jets and Giants INDIANAPOLIS — Broadway Baker? Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield said Friday they would not be intimidated by playing under the New York spotlight if the Jets or Giants draft him. “I...
Giants GM's draft outlook means Saquon Barkley could be in play INDIANAPOLIS – Saquon Barkley of Penn State will be the first running back taken in the draft, but there is always a debate as to how high to select a...
Jets might not get a chance at their best option in NFL Draft The Jets will have several intriguing options to consider when they pick at No. 6 overall. Here are five they may consider: Bradley Chubb, DE, NC State The best pass...
The unconventional QBs ex-Giants draft guru would target Let us get one thing straight right away: Marc Ross no longer has any say whatsoever with the Giants. They ran the NFL draft preparation for the Giants for more...
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
RURAL IRELAND IS undoubtedly going through its most difficult time since the foundation of the State. Indeed it seems to be battling for its mere survival more and more every day.
We hear much about the closures of family-run local shops, the death of the village pub and post office. But there is another bastion of rural Ireland that is under perilous threat, an institution which is part of the very fabric of our society: the local radio station, the very ideal of what public service broadcasting is all about.
What is public service broadcasting?
The Oxford English Dictionary defines public service broadcasting as:
Radio and television programmes broadcast by organisations that are independent of government but are financed by public money.
RTÉ's commandeering of the term as the nation's public service broadcaster for Ireland is nonsense and has been allowed to go unchallenged for far too long. The reality is that the day in 1989 when pirate stations were put on a legal footing and allowed legally to broadcast to their various localities ended RTÉ's sole right to this title, despite its protestations ever since.
Public service broadcasting has nothing to do with content output but is in fact a reflection of a station's funding model. It always amazes me when talking to people about the ins and outs of radio just how so many licence fee payers aren't aware that not one red cent of their TV licence fee goes directly to their local radio station.
A typical day as a local reporter
To get a better understanding of just how essential local radio is, I have detailed a recent day I spent on the job as a local reporter. There was nothing particularly special about my to-do list for the day in question, it was a very average day.
The point I hope to illustrate is just how, on a daily basis, local radio stations the length of breath of the country are servicing their listenership on shoestring budgets and yet when it comes to getting a portion of public funds for carrying out vital public service broadcasting they are not considered in the same vein as RTÉ.
On the job
It's a Wednesday in early March, and my task today is to put together audio packages and unearth some local content for Today with Will Faulkner, Midlands 103's award winning mid-morning news and current affairs show.
It's a slow news day so the pressure is on. I start my morning in Bangher, a small town in Co Offaly, where I meet a local farmer in their front kitchen. Why was I there? Well, the farmer in question happened to be the proud owner of a hen named Marmalade who had just entered the Guinness book of records for giving birth to more chickens than other hen in history.
Quite a feat in itself, but this was only half the story. The secret of Marmalade's reproductive prowess, according to their owner, was the morning horse-whispering ritual both farmer and hen engage in. Yes, the asupervisorstioned farmer and hen spend five minutes every morning talking to each other which apparently results in improved fertility for Marmalade.
Naturally upon hearing this I was straight out to the chicken pen, recorder in hand to witness this husbandry phenomenon. I got a good five minutes of audio so was off to a good start.
Moving on to Laois
This next interview couldn't have been more different. I crossed the border to Co Laois where I sat down drinking tea with a young Portlaoise family, who had just been given the word that the HSE had agreed to fund their 12-year-old daughter's course of the Cystic Fibrosis wonder drug Orkambi.
The family had been fighting for years to get State funding for the drug and the mood in the house was of unbridled joy. We recorded a poignant interview with mum, dad and daughter.
I finished my day at a Brexit Conference held in Portlaoise. Along with local business people the keynote speaker was Tánaiste Simon Coveney and MEP for the area and Vice President of The European Parliament Fine Gael's Mairead McGuinness.
The conference lasted three hours and I managed to get a word with the Tánaiste and McGuinness for our morning bulletins. I arrived home just after midnight - time to start editing the day's work.
Keeping it local
I don't want a pat on the back. My job isn't an onerous one, in fact the opposite is true. The variety of people and stories you meet and learn about each day, and the sheer randomness of situations you find yourself in is one of the great joys of local radio.
No, the snapshot is to give an illustration of the vital public service local radio stations are carrying out across the country on a daily basis without any licence fee funding to support it. The point I hope to make is that the notion that RTÉ, a notion it is happy to propagate, is the only public service broadcaster in the State is nonsense.
The vast majority of issues and stories covered at local radio level would simply never see the light of day if it were left to RTÉ to cover them. I'm not suggesting it should cover the parochial nature of some of the content on local radio, and the point of this article is certainly not to join in what seems the national pastime of lambasting RTÉ.
My plea
I have this plea for those who claim they are the guardians of public service broadcasting in our country: Give local radio the same chance to serve listeners. Give us the funding to bring much needed new, diverse voices, programmes and ideas to our listeners and join the campaign to immediately legislate for a statutory right for local radio broadcasters to a portion of the TV licence fee.
The revenue generated from the reading of the deaths should no longer be one of the few things keeping local radio alive.
Brian Moss is a freelance Radio Broadcaster with Midlands 103 Radio.
Susan Herrera said they waited for Black Friday last year to buy the new washer they had wanted.
They and their husband went to the Sears store in Chula Vista.
“And then we said since it's Black Friday we went there knowing that Sears has a good product,” Susan told NBC 7 Responds.
They said they picked a larger washer so they could wash larger items such as bedspreads and comforters.
The washer they picked out came with a 30-day guarantee from Sears.
Two weeks later, Herrera was folding clothes when they noticed a dime-sized hole in their white sweatshirt. They said they kept folding their clothes and noticed more holes in their husband's white t-shirts and socks.
“I think after 15 days we found that it's making holes on our, especially my husband's t-shirts,” Herrera said.
They said they called Sears and told them about the holes, which was the beginning of a three-month-long game of phone tag.
“They said they were going to process it and they would contact me,” Herrera said. “No one contacted me.”
They said they called 12 times from November to late January and did not get a response.
“No one was calling me back and telling me what to do. I'm the one that kept calling,” Susan said.
When they finally did get in touch with someone at Sears, they said the associate told them that the 30-day warranty had expired and there was nothing they could do.
That's when they called NBC 7 Responds.
“It took one call to NBC and our problem was resolved,” Herrera said.
We contacted Sears and told them about Susan's case. A few days later a Sears employee called Susan to tell them that they would be refunding them the $499 they had spent.
NBC 7 Responds reached out to Sears in Susan's case. They sent the following statement.
"At Sears, our top priority is the satisfaction of our members. Our member solutions team has resolved the Herreras' situation by replacing their washing machine. We hope they will remain loyal Sears customers and Shop Your Way members."
Susan said they appreciate the fact that Sears decided to resolve the case but is disappointed it took them having to contact NBC 7 Responds to do so.
“It's the principle,” Susan said during their interview with Responds. “That's why I called Consumer Bob and I am so thankful that Consumer Bob and NBC were so friendly and so helpful.”
Steve Spagnuolo: Stats don't prove Giants' defense stinks The Giants won 11 games in 2016 thanks largely to a defense that allowed just 17.8 points a game. Only the Patriots were stingier. There have been injuries, unrest, controversy...
Eli Manning isn't ready to put this label on improved Giants offense The whole package has not yet been put together: all of Eli Manning's weapons, new and old, on the field for intensive workouts. Soon enough, however, the starting offense will...
Giants middle linebacker getting tutored by Antonio Pierce B.J. Goodson has a pretty good tutor. The second-year middle linebacker is learning this spring from Antonio Pierce, an intern coach in the offseason who won a Super Bowl with...
Giants' Larry Donnell may be forced to retire early INDIANAPOLIS — The Giants know all too well how an innocuous neck injury can devolve into so much more — for example, the premature retirements of linebacker Antonio Pierce and...
That time prankster Eli Manning made Giants 'look like Barney' Don't let Eli Manning's calm demeanor on the field — or vacant look while watching their brother Peyton clinch the Super Bowl this month — fool you, the Giants quarterback...
The problem with laughing at the NFL's me-first showboats Hey, some radicalized religious nut put an electric menorah in our front window! What's that? I am? We are? It is? Really? … Gee. Well, then, never mind. It's all a...
ESPN leads charge in giving NFL's most repulsive a mic To the spoilers go the spoils. Friday morning, I had a football question, and my first, habit-formed move was to call Dave Jennings for the answer. Then it struck me...
In just a few weeks' time Pamela Anderson and I will be releasing our new co-authored book, Lust for Love: Rekindling Intimacy and Passion in Your Relationship. Already the media is commenting on the odd pairing of a world-famous sex symbol on the one hand, and an author and activist on the other.
But Pamela is much more than just an author and an activist.  They are a brilliantly insightful woman, especially about relationships (And yes, I hope my joke made you laugh. But who is to say that rabbis can't be pinups? Perhaps in the next life.)
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A pedestrian is dead after a crash Tuesday night in Fridley.
The Anoka County Sheriff's office said the deadly accident happened at about 8:42 p.m. at the intersection of University Avenue and 85th Street.
This is a developing story. Stay with WCCO.com as more details become available.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
Daunted, I walked up the gangway of the Queen Mary 2 last fall as its hulking figure floated alongside Brooklyn's industrial coastline.
Cunard's royally named ocean liner was about to embark on a transatlantic journey from Red Hook to Southampton, England — my first ever, and its 15th since a $132 million major refurbishment last year.
The massive ship, at 14 decks high and 151,800 tons, with a capacity to carry 2,961 passengers, was an intimidating sight. The journey ahead also loomed. Would the eight-day traverse, mostly crossing the North Atlantic, prove too many to endure? Would I find enough ways to amuse myself onboard — or would I be able to forgo my hectic New York routine and simply relax on this gigantic buoy?
In addition to new furniture and art, the 2016 makeover added 50 staterooms to the 1,355-room liner, originally built in 2003. My home for eight nights was cozy, with a dreamy bed, a desk, a loveseat and a table (transatlantic sailings start from $829 per person for double occupancy; Cunard.com). Though not all rooms have balconies, I enjoyed mine, checking on the state of the sea and sky first thing so I knew whether expect a fair or foul day.
Pricier berths, which also come with a butler, afford access to the Queen's Grill and Princess Grill restaurants. They're great for people-watching. Overly solicitous waiters bow and scrape before the various Mr and Mrs. Mountjoys, placing each piece of silverware at the table setting with an exaggerated solemnity that would make “Downton Abbey's” starchy butler Carson mutter, “Really now!”
The atmosphere on the ship is mellow by day, as passengers sun themselves on royal blue deck chairs or walk laps around the ship to keep those all-important capillaries a-flowing. For even more relaxation, spa treatments are available at the onboard Canyon Ranch facility. Among other amenities, there are two pools, a shuffleboard court, a Champagne lounge specializing in Veuve Cliquot, a casino, a liquor store, a jewelry store, an art gallery and a café. QM2 also carries the world's only kennels at sea for pups who split their time between the Old and New Worlds.
Each morning, I perused the delightfully named Daily Programme, a printout delivered to the rooms that lists the day's lectures, concerts and activities (one afternoon on my voyage, there was a Burt Bacharach singalong by the ship's passengers staged across several decks in the lobby).
Passengers have free rein to explore the upper decks, including the control room where the captain actually steers the ship. Every day at noon, without fail, bells blare as the midshipman announces QM2's approximate location; it's also a reminder to set your watch ahead an hour as you cruise through time zones.
Those who don't want to do anything at all can hole up with a good book in the ship's beautiful library, where the bookcases have glass doors — for protection from turbulence and water — that are locked every night by the ship's librarian.
Although time seems suspended over the Atlantic, meal times are set in stone and a strict dress code — formal (jacket and tie) or informal (jacket sans tie) — is mandatory at 5 p.m. No exceptions: Passengers who want to eat in the restaurants and go to the lounges in the evening must dress up, which adds sparkle to every evening. (If you prefer to don jeans, you can only eat in the cafeteria-style Kings Court or hang in the adjacent Winter Garden.)
Cunard regulars go all out, in silk evening gowns and glittering jewelry, as if off to an award show instead of the ship's multi-tiered restaurant, Brittania. This year, a restaurant formerly helmed by Boston-based celebrity chef Todd English will be switched out for a new French venue, Verandah.
One thing that helped the time pass over the course of the week were the nightly performances by musicians from iconic jazz label Blue Note Records. I was a passenger on a jazz-centric cruise; upcoming New York-Southampton sailings on May 15, May 31 and June 15 don't have special themes, but there's still plenty of live entertainment. There is a disco called G32, and the Golden Lion Pub with marvelous fish and chips on a lower deck.
An astonishing array of talent, including pianists Robert Glasper and Fabian Almazen, saxophonist Marcus Strickland, guitar Mike Moreno, drummer E.J. Strickland and bassist Derrick Hodge made The Chart Room, an elegant midship lounge, the place to be. Aristocratic Brits in black tie knocked back cocktails while the band played original compositions as well as classics such as Miles Davis' “Kind of Blue.”
The star attraction on the Blue Note cruise was California-born baritone Gregory Porter, whose music was familiar to the ship's mostly British and Irish passengers. Porter, 45, thrilled the audience at the ship's plush Royal Court theater with Wayne Shorter's “Witch Hunt” and “Black Nile,” among many other numbers.
As the ship approached the English coast, signs of marine life surfaced. A trio of dolphins dove in formation in front of the ship; seagulls hovered above the mast.
The QM2 staff stations an immigration official in the dining room to stamp your passport before you disembark, meaning you entirely skip any customs line in Southampton.
Packed luggage is transported to shore the night before you land. You leave it outside your cabin door before you go to bed and hope for the best — because once you've had breakfast and brush your teeth, you (reluctantly) have to get off the boat. Once you make your way down the gangway, grouped luggage awaits in a huge warehouse. It doesn't take long to find your own.
Buses outside in the dock's parking lot await to take passengers into London, or to the airport for a flight onward. I headed back to New York — the fast way.
Bruno Mars - 'Versace On The Floor'
Bruno Mars - 'Versace On The Floor' Official Music Video. 05:36
Aaaand now we've all fallen in love with Zendaya!
Not content with being the coolest man in the music industry, Bruno Mars has hired in super-starlet Zendaya for their 'Versace On The Floor' video just to add that extra layer of awesomeness.
> Hey...you know we've got this insanely sweet app which actually let's you control the music you listen to right? Get on it!
Zendaya casually revealed they appeared in the video on their Twitter like it was no big deal - classic Zen.
Oh did I forget to mention...I did a video with the flyest man out here @BrunoMars #VersaceOnTheFloor pic.twitter.com/FW4yDAb2S9 — Zendaya (@Zendaya) August 14, 2017
One thing that is guaranteed when you cast the likes of Zendaya in a music video and that is a massive reaction from their loyal fanbase.
I don't know if I'm thirsting over zendaya or bruno more #VersaceOnTheFloor pic.twitter.com/SpFcPaf2wp — (@KlARAMALlK) August 14, 2017
When Zendaya took the Versace dress off and knocked on Bruno Mars' door but the video ended. pic.twitter.com/E04vRRk0W1 — Jover Christian (@joverchristian) August 14, 2017
ZENDAYA IS IN BRUNO MARS The LATEST MUSIC VUDEO WHAY TEH RUCK pic.twitter.com/FRDWw4Hyr0 — z warrior jen (@dinahthickjane) August 14, 2017
Whilst you're here you just HAVE to watch Bruno's live performance of '24K Magic'!
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
If you want to freak out dinner guests, try screaming at your thermostat and loudly asking why it won't answer you. That's just one tip I can pass along after installing the $249 Ecobee 4, the current premium smart thermostat offering from the company of the same name.
Our guest looked at me as if they were considering whether they should flee or attempt to restrain me, which, to be fair, was an entirely appropriate reaction because I hadn't yet explained that the Ecobee 4 includes the Alexa voice assistant.
Despite that being the marquee feature of the Ecobee 4, Alexa wasn't the main reason I had installed it. Specifically, I asked Ecobee for a review unit so I could demonstrate how to install it for Take Control of Apple Home Automation, since I consider the Ecobee 4 to be the premier Apple-centric smart thermostat.
The best-known smart thermostat is the Google-owned Nest, which pioneered the market. But Google refuses to add HomeKit support, and until it does, the Nest is not the best option for Apple users focused on HomeKit.
Ecobee Installation
What follows isn't an installation guide — look for that in Take Control of Apple Home Automation — but more of a review of the process.
First off, Ecobee's documentation is excellent and covers the most common installation scenarios. Even so, thermostat installation can be complicated, largely due to how many variables are involved. Before you start, you definitely need a bit of HVAC knowledge, at least about your specific system.
Also note that, to power the unit, you need a common wire, often marked as “C” or “common” on your thermostat. If you don't have one, the Ecobee 4 includes a Power Extender Kit, which is a little gizmo you wire to your HVAC unit to draw power from other wires to make up for the lack of a C wire. If you need one, I recommend hiring a professional to install it, since it means exposure to high voltages and fiddling with expensive equipment.
(In Take Control of Apple Home Automation, I wrote that the Power Extender Kit could cause damage because I was under the mistaken impression that it used a technique called “power stealing” to provide power to the Ecobee. Power stealing, such as used by Google's Nest, can cause your thermostat to run unreliably or even damage it, but that's not how the Ecobee Power Extender Kit works. Mea maxima culpa.)
Ecobee includes some nice touches to simplify installation. The backplate, the part that attaches to the wall and your wires, includes a built-in level to simplify lining it up right. Since there's almost always an ugly, unpainted spot on your wall that's revealed when you change thermostats, Ecobee includes a nice-looking trim plate to hide the mess.
Believe it or not, physical installation is the easy part. Once you enter the setup wizard, be prepared for a difficult final exam. You need to know how your thermostat is wired (you should know that, since you just did it), what accessories may be attached, whether you have a heat pump, if you have a geothermal unit, whether your O/B reversing valve is energized on cool or heat, at what temperature to turn off your compressor, and so on.
Ecobee gives you tips and hints, but ultimately you need some HVAC knowledge to set it up properly. I did it all myself, but it took me weeks to configure everything how I like, and even now I'm not certain it's optimal.
In fact, what I dislike the most about the Ecobee 4 is that it has made me hyper-aware of my HVAC system. For example, it often feels like cold air is coming out of the vents when I'm expecting heat, and I start worrying that I've set things wrong. In fact, this scenario isn't unusual because air that is cooler than body temperature often feels chilly, even if it's warming up your house. I strongly recommend buying an infrared thermometer so you can monitor the air coming from your vents. It's also nice to have temperature sensors like the Elgato Eve Degree around your house so you don't have to rely solely on the Ecobee's main display.
Speaking of temperature sensors, the Ecobee 4 includes a remote sensor powered by a small watch battery. The sensor also detects motion to determine if a room is occupied. The idea is that you place the sensor on a separate floor of your house and the Ecobee 4 will make sure that the temperature in the occupied room is what determines whether to heat or cool the house, rather than the temperature at the location of the thermostat itself. So if you want to ensure that an upstairs bedroom doesn't get too cold overnight, the remote sensor can take over from the thermostat's built-in sensor. It seems to work well, but I don't have enough of a temperature differential in my house for it to matter.
Using the Ecobee 4
There are a handful of ways to control the Ecobee 4:
Manually via the thermostat itself
Via Ecobee's official apps for iOS, Android, and the Web
Via HomeKit, with Apple's Home app, another HomeKit app, or Siri
The thermostat's native interface is nothing to write home about. While the Nest lets you adjust the temperature with a big knob, the Ecobee 4 relies on fiddly onscreen sliders.
One nice thing about the Ecobee 4 is that it includes built-in weather reports. But here's what bugs me: when it doesn't sense movement, it displays the current indoor temperature and outdoor weather conditions. But when it senses motion, it drops the weather display and instead shows onscreen controls with the indoor temperature. This bothers me because it reminds me that I'm being monitored. Worse, if I just want to check the outdoor temperature, that information disappears as soon as I get close, and I have to tap a button to bring it back.
Particularly frustrating are the Ecobee 4's constant warnings. Every cold morning I see a warning that my auxiliary heat has been running too long. Of course it has been running when it's freezing outside! Even stupider is when it warns me that auxiliary heat has been turned on when it's warm outside. Well, Ecobee, why are you turning the auxiliary heat on, then? This is a problem you're causing, tell me how to fix it!
Anyway, you can control any thermostat when you're standing in front of it. The reason to buy a smart thermostat is so you can program it and control it remotely. Ecobee's iOS app is serviceable. It mimics the physical display, but it wisely doesn't allow access to many advanced settings that could screw up your HVAC system.
But I don't find Ecobee's app very reliable. It often shows outdated information, and even forcing a refresh by backing out and going back isn't always successful. For example, I can tell when the auxiliary heat is on, because hot air is blowing on me, but the app will just say that the regular heat is on. When I get up and check the thermostat, sure enough, the auxiliary heat is running.
Ecobee makes much of the thermostat's “smart” features, encouraging you to set up “comfort settings” like Away, Home, and Sleep, and then schedule those to trigger at set times or when it senses no occupancy. If you manually set a temperature, the Ecobee 4 lets you know that you're overriding what it's supposed to do.
But I find the schedule feature infuriating. Setting times is fiddly and frustrating and makes too many assumptions about my lifestyle. Worse, adding extra comfort settings requires you to use the Web interface — you can't do it from the iOS app.
Those smart features can leave you hanging. For instance, we visited my in-laws on a bitterly cold night. While we were gone, the Ecobee 4 automatically dropped the temperature substantially, to 64 degrees. When we returned home, we suffered through a chilly night because the house didn't reach 72 degrees again until morning, even with the auxiliary running. I suspect that letting the house get that cold may have cost more money. I subsequently adjusted the Away comfort setting to keep the house at a higher temperature while we're out.
I've had to tweak settings continually to turn off many of the Ecobee's “smart” features. Because I work at home, I want to set a temperature and have it stay there. I would undoubtedly appreciate scheduling more if I worked outside the house, but even still I'd prefer that it be optional.
The Ecobee 4 can also control both heating and cooling automatically, so you don't have to switch between the two manually. In practice, this isn't particularly useful, because you have to have a 5-degree differential between temperatures. So you can set it to heat to 70 and cool to 75. That might work great for some people in some places, but I just want it to be 72 all the time.
The worst thing about Ecobee's app is that its Web service is often down. Fortunately, the HomeKit route always works well, letting me quickly set the temperature and mode via Control Center, the Home app, or Siri. But it offers only basic controls and can't show more advanced settings, like if auxiliary heating is on.
Happily, HomeKit can use the occupancy sensors built into the thermostat and the remote sensor to trigger various sensor-based automations. Ideally, the Ecobee would integrate better with HomeKit sensors. Instead of buying extra sensors or contacting an Internet weather service, I wish I could have it read from my Elgato Eve indoor and outdoor sensors.
Apart from that, the Ecobee 4 has wide platform support and works well with Alexa and my Google Home devices. Speaking of Alexa, this review wouldn't be complete without discussing it.
“Alexa, are you listening?”
The Ecobee 4 is my first dedicated Alexa device, and I'm not impressed. There are several problems with Alexa on the Ecobee 4:
It's creepy. A box on my wall can sense when I'm home and listen to everything I say. Give it a camera and it can go full Orwell.
It's hard of hearing. I have to stand very close or yell at it for Alexa to acknowledge me.
The speaker is too quiet. As amusing as it is to play music from my thermostat, a cheap FM radio would kick sand in its face at the beach.
Alexa feels tacked on. It can't even control the thermostat unless you install the Ecobee skill.
It doesn't support all Alexa skills, which makes it decidedly less useful than an Echo speaker.
Overall, Alexa on the Ecobee 4 feels like a gimmick. Worse, yelling at your thermostat makes you look and feel like a lunatic.
You'd be better off with a cheaper thermostat and a dedicated smart speaker. My Google Home sits directly under the Ecobee 4, and I tell it to adjust my thermostat instead of Alexa on the Ecobee 4 every time.
The Search Continues
Although the Ecobee 4 is the most advanced HomeKit thermostat on the market, after living with it for a few months, I've decided that I don't like it. I'd rather have a simple thermostat. Part of that is related to working at home — if I was away for hours every day, the Ecobee 4's features might be more welcome.
When setting up the Ecobee 4, I studied my old, dumb Honeywell thermostat to see what it could do. It turned out that there weren't that many settings to adjust — it just works. For that reason, I'll probably try a Honeywell Lyric thermostat next, since they also work with Apple's, Amazon's, and Google's home automation platforms.
That said, the Ecobee 4 isn't without merit. If you like the sound of its many automatic features, it might be a fantastic fit for you. I can't say how it compares to Google's Nest thermostat because I'm staying focused on devices that support HomeKit.
If you have yet to dip a toe into home automation, I don't recommend the Ecobee 4 as your first device, due to its complexity and hard-wired nature. Stick to a smart outlet or smart bulbs, and if you do decide to go with a smart thermostat, strongly consider hiring a professional to install it. But if you're a rugged individualist who likes going it alone, I offer a 22-page guide to installing the Ecobee 4 (or any thermostat, really) in Take Control of Apple Home Automation.
Uniquely strong and light, beryllium is used to make cell phones, missiles and aircraft. But workers who handle the metal need to watch out, as airborne beryllium has been known to be highly toxic.
Named after beryllos, the Greek name for the mineral beryl, the element was originally known as glucinium — from Greek glykys, meaning "sweet" — to reflect its characteristic taste. But the chemists who discovered this unique property of beryllium also found that it is in fact highly toxic and should therefore never be tasted, according to Jefferson Lab. In fact, the metal, its alloys and salts should only be handled in accordance with specific work codes. Beryllium is also classified as a carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer and it can cause lung cancer in people who get exposed to beryllium on a daily basis because of their occupations that require them to mine or process the metal, said Dr. Lew Pepper, a medical researcher at Queens College Center for the Biology of Natural Systems in New York.
Despite its toxicity, the element is highly useful because of its unique qualities. For instance, it is one of the lightest metals and has one of the highest melting points among the light metals, according to the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Steel gray in color, beryllium's modulus of elasticity is about one-third greater than steel. Beryllium is nonmagnetic and resistant to concentrated nitric acid. It also has superior thermal conductivity and resists oxidation in air in normal temperatures.
Atomic number (number of protons in the nucleus): 4
Atomic symbol (on the Periodic Table of the Elements): Be
Atomic weight (average mass of the atom): 9.012182
Density: 1.85 grams per cubic centimeter
Phase at room temperature: Solid
Melting point: 2,348.6 degrees Fahrenheit (1,287 degrees Celsius)
Boiling point: 4,479.8 F (2,471 C)
Number of isotopes (atoms of the same element with a different number of neutrons): 12, including one stable isotope.
Most common isotopes: 9 Be (Natural abundance: 100 percent)
Be (Natural abundance: 100 percent) Beryllium discovery and use
Beryllium was discovered in 1798 by the French chemist Louis Nicolas Vauquelin, who found it in the oxide form in beryl and a green-colored variety of beryl, emerald.The metal was isolated in 1828 by two chemists, Friedrich Wölhler from Germany and Antoine Bussy from France, who independently reduced beryllium chloride (BeCl 2 ) with potassium in a platinum crucible, according to the Jefferson Lab. These days, beryllium is typically obtained from the minerals beryl and bertrandite in a chemical process or through the electrolysis of a mixture of molten beryllium chloride and sodium chloride, the Jefferson Lab reports.
Beryllium is found in about 30 mineral species, including bertrandite, beryl, chrysoberyl, and phenacite, according to the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Beryl and bertrandite are the most important commercial sources of the element and its compounds.
Beryllium is alloyed with copper or nickel to make springs, gyroscopes, electrical contacts, spot-welding electrodes and non-sparking tools, according to the Royal Society of Chemistry. Other beryllium alloys are used in high-speed aircraft and missiles, as well as spacecraft and communication satellites. Beryllium copper is also used in windshield frame, brake discs, support beams, and other structural components of the space shuttle.
Thanks to its low thermal neutron absorption cross-section, beryllium is used in nuclear reactors as a reflector or moderator. Moreover, the high melting point of beryllium oxide makes it a useful material for nuclear work and ceramic applications, according to the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Emerald, morganite and aquamarine are precious forms of beryl. Some of the oldest emerald mines were developed by the Romans in the Eastern Desert of Egypt about 2,000 years ago, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Beryllium-containing materials are used in cell phones, other portable devices and cameras, according to the Beryllium Science & Technology Association.
Beryllium is also present in parts of the analytical equipment used to test blood for HIV and other diseases, the Beryllium Science & Technology Association reports.
Beryllium played a role in the discovery of the neutron when James Chadwick bombarded beryllium with alpha particles and discovered the subatomic particle with no net electric charge.
Beryllium was the primary ingredient used to make mirrors in NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, according to NASA.
The European Commission lists beryllium as one of the 20 critical raw materials for the European Union.
The U.S. Department of Defense classifies beryllium as a strategic and critical material as it can be found in products that are essential to national security, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
The United States is the world's leading beryllium source and producer. In fact, just one mine at Spor Mountain, Utah, was the source of more than 85 percent of beryllium excavated worldwide in 2010, the USGS reports.
Beryllium is highly transparent to X-rays and is therefore used in windows for X-ray tubes, according to Jefferson Lab.
Louis Nicolas Vauquelin — the chemist who discovered beryllium also discovered another element — chromium.
Beryllium has long been a topic of interest to researchers who have examined its harmful effects on health in people who are exposed to the metal on a daily basis for long periods of time. However, this risk does not apply to people in the general population who do not actually handle beryllium, Pepper said.
"Beryllium becomes harmful when it is generated into an airborne particulate … which is inhaled and descends into the lungs, and it can have an immunologic response in the individual," Pepper told Live Science. This immunologic response, called beryllium sensitization, can then develop into chronic beryllium disease, which causes scarring of the lung tissue and can be deadly. There is currently no cure for the disease, whose progression can be slowed by medication, oxygen therapy, and lung transplants in severe cases, according to the University of California San Francisco Medical Center.
Interestingly, not all those who get exposed to potentially harmful levels of beryllium will experience an allergic, potentially deadly reaction. "There is a genetic susceptibility component, which means that not everyone who is exposed is at risk of going on to develop sensitization, then chronic beryllium disease," Pepper said. "For the most part, it depends upon a genetic susceptibility," they said.
About 85 percent of people who develop chronic beryllium disease after getting exposed have an immune system protein known as HLA-DP2, according to recent research published in July 2014 in the journal Cell. In the study, researchers determined that the bodies of people who have this protein create a unique molecular "pocket," which captures beryllium ions and triggers an inflammatory response in the lungs.
"The immune system does not actually 'see' beryllium," study author John Kappler, a researcher at National Jewish Health, said in a statement. "The beryllium changes the shape of otherwise innocuous self-peptides [peptides produced by the body's own tissues] so that T cells recognize them as foreign and dangerous." (T cells are white blood cells that are essential for one's immunity.) They added that the new findings could one day lead to new therapeutic strategies to treat and prevent chronic beryllium disease.
Additional resources
Here is more info on beryllium from the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
This video shows how beryllium is extracted in the West Desert of Utah.
Here is also a series of practical videos on beryllium worker safety training.
Using a technique known as cosmogenic nuclide dating, scientists can determine how long rocks have been exposed to the air by measuring their levels of beryllium-10, a radioactive isotope of beryllium. Cosmogenic nuclide dating is often used to determine the dates of important geological events, such as glacier advances and retreats, rock slides, meteor impacts and lava flows.
For example, after a rock avalanche, boulders that land on top of the heap have surfaces that are exposed to the sky for the first time. Particles from incoming cosmic rays (high-energy radiation from outer space) begin to hit these boulder surfaces, creating beryllium-10. The longer the surface area is exposed, the greater the amount of beryllium-10, according to the University of Utah.
In a recent study, researchers at the University of Utah conducted the first rigorous analysis to date a landslide that had occurred thousands of years ago in what is now Zion National Park in Utah. Scientists have known for some time that the flat floor of this park was previously a lake originally created when a massive rock avalanche dammed up the Virgin River, but it was still unclear exactly when this landslide occurred. To find out, the researchers analyzed the levels of beryllium-10 in 12 boulders taken from the area.
Their findings conclude that the rock avalanche occurred about 4,800 years ago as a single event, with a range of uncertainty that gives or takes 400 years, according to the University of Utah. Their work was published in 2016 in GSA Today, the journal of the Geological Society of America.
Additional reporting by Traci Pedersen, Live Science contributor. Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+.
Prince's heirs have filed a wrongful death suit against the drug-store chain Walgreens and an Illinois hospital where the singer was treated, then released, the week before their fatal overdose in 2016.
Minnesota Public Radio's Matt Sepic reports that attorneys representing Prince's estate allege that Trinity Medical Center, in Moline, Illinois, where Prince's plane made an emergency landing on April 15, 2016, failed to appropriately diagnose and treat their overdose.
The singer was given two doses of Naloxone, a drug designed to reverse the effects of an opioid overdose.
Prince died on April 21 at age 57. They were found unresponsive at their home in the Minneapolis suburb of Chanhassen. The suit alleges their death was a direct result of the inadequate care they received in Illinois the previous week.
On Thursday, Carver County Attorney Mark Metz said that the two-year investigation into Prince's death concluded that they died after taking a counterfeit Vicodin pill laced with the powerful and dangerous opioid Fentanyl. However, Metz said, investigators were unable to find out how Prince obtained the pills, so there was no evidence to charge anyone.
The lawsuit, filed in Chicago's Cook County, also names Walgreens Co., alleging that pharmacists at two of its Minnesota branches dispensed "prescription medications not valid for a legitimate medical purpose."
Both Walgreens and the hospital parent company declined comment.
As The New York Times reports, "Based on documents related to the criminal investigation released on Friday, prosecutors believe that Prince had likely overdosed [on April 15] on what they believed to be prescription opioids like Vicodin, but were actually black market versions containing the much more powerful synthetic opioid fentanyl. Authorities determined that, without knowing, Prince most likely took a counterfeit drug containing fentanyl," that resulted in their fatal overdose six days later.
At the hospital, The Associated Press says, "Prince refused medical tests but was asked what drugs they took. Documents show a pill that they had with him, which was marked as Vicodin, was sent to the pharmacy for testing. A hospital pharmacist said it appeared to be Vicodin and returned it to Prince."
"We will have much to say when the time is right," attorney John Goetz, who filed the lawsuit on behalf of Prince's family, said in a statement, according to Rolling Stone. "We have client interests to protect at the moment, including our theory of the case. What happened to Prince is happening to families across America. Prince's family wishes, through its investigation, to shed additional light on what happened to Prince. At the same time, further light on the opiate epidemic will hopefully help the fight to save lives. If Prince's death helps save lives, then all was not lost."
VIENNA — Austria's chancellor on Wednesday asked visiting Iranian President Hassan Rouhani for “full clarification” of the case of a Vienna-based Iranian diplomat suspected of involvement in a plot to bomb an Iranian opposition rally in Europe.
Rouhani was in Vienna, where their country's nuclear agreement with world powers was drawn up three years ago, to promote the deal's survival after the withdrawal of the United States.
A day earlier, Austrian officials announced that they plan to revoke the legal immunity of Vienna-based diplomat Assadollah Assadi.
Assadi was detained Sunday near the German city of Aschaffenburg on a European arrest warrant after a couple with Iranian roots was stopped in Belgium and authorities reported finding powerful explosives in their car. The website of the Austrian Foreign Ministry lists Assadi as a counsellor at the Iranian Embassy.
Belgian authorities accuse Assadi of being part of a plot to set off explosives at a rally of the Mujahedeen-e-Khalq group in neighbouring France, and want them extradited.
Iran's ambassador was summoned to the Austrian foreign ministry on Monday.
Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said they discussed the issue with Rouhani during their long-scheduled meeting on Wednesday.
“We expect full clarification and I would like to thank you, Mr. President, that you have assured us of support for this clarification,” said Kurz, speaking alongside Rouhani.
In their comments to reporters, Rouhani didn't mention the case. They and Kurz didn't take questions, and there were also no questions following a news conference earlier Wednesday with the Iranian and Austrian presidents.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - The hc1.com healthcare relationship management (HRM) platform has been adopted by American Senior Communities (ASC), one of the nation's largest providers of senior living, rehabilitation, hospice, and skilled nursing services, with 87 locations in Indiana.
ASC is leveraging hc1's HRM platform to capture real-time quality metrics, enabling caregivers at its facilities to deliver better coordinated care, and produce the insight necessary to foster stronger strategic relationships with referring providers.
Prior to adopting hc1, ASC was dependent on several manual processes, including tracking individual communications using Outlook and manually producing spreadsheets for reports. With hc1, ASC will benefit from automated processes that will provide real-time insight to quality metrics, patient benefit verification, turnaround time and length of stay. Having access to important information and an easy way to share it will help ASC better meet the needs of its residents.
"hc1 brought better access to data for our team, which provided immediate value," said Angela Norris, R.N., Vice President of Contracting & Business Integration for American Senior Communities. "Having a healthcare-specific CRM solution equipped our team to proactively track and manage everything in one platform across multiple facilities. Now we are a strategic, value-focused partner to our referring providers."
With hc1, the ASC team is able to access live dashboards and real-time analytics that provide an instant pulse of ASC's overall performance, including estimated care cost by payer, length of stay, and number of readmissions.
Additionally, care coordination teams can quickly identify issues standing in the way of patient wellness. For example, using hc1 the ASC team realized a turnaround time for authorization of 21 hours, well below the 72-hour benchmark. Background checks, once administered by individual facilities and taking about an hour each, are now completed by the call center in approximately six minutes.
ASC is also able to easily pinpoint its best sources of referrals and use data-backed reports to foster strategic relationships with providers.
"With the hc1 platform, ASC is able to easily keep team members more accountable," said Norris. "This allows us to focus on fulfilling our mission to compassionately serve each resident with quality care."
Norris will share their experiences with hc1 at the HIMSS Conference & Exposition on Monday, February 20 at 3:45 pm ET at Booth 6779 Kiosk 02 in the Clinical and Business Intelligence Knowledge Center at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando. hc1.com will also be at HIMSS Booth 6493 demonstrating its award-winning healthcare relationship management platform.
About hc1.com
The hc1® Healthcare Relationship Cloud® enables health systems, diagnostic labs, post acute care, and ancillary service providers to grow profitably and deliver amazing service. hc1 has been adopted across more than 1,000 healthcare locations around the globe, including Cleveland Clinic, Alere, Nationwide Children's Hospital, and Sonic Healthcare. The company has received accolades from Gartner Research, was named "Best Healthcare CRM" by Frost & Sullivan, and is included in the KLAS Healthcare CRM Report 2016. To learn more about hc1, please visit www.hc1.com and follow us on Twitter @hc1_HRM, LinkedIn, and Facebook.
For more information about American Senior Communities, visit ASCSeniorCare.com.
Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen is seriously considering adoption to expand their family with husband John Legend.
The couple, which has been open about its fertility struggles, welcomed daughter Luna via in vitro fertilization (IVF) in April, 2016, but Chrissy spent much of their first year as a mother battling post-partum depression.
The beauty has always loved the idea of having a big family, and although Chrissy really enjoyed their pregnancy, they and John are open to other paths to parenthood.
“I would definitely adopt or have foster children,” they tell America's Marie Claire magazine. “But I loved being pregnant. Maybe I should be scared (of having post-partum depression again), but I don't know. It couldn't be any worse than it was - could it?”
Chrissy went public with their post-partum problems in a candid essay for Glamour magazine in March and as they prepared to celebrate Luna's first birthday in April, the model admitted they were finally starting to feel like their old self again.
“When I was in the midst of everything, I could never imagine myself on the other side of it,” they told Refinery29. “Now, I'm able to look at September, October, November, December, and shake my head at how dark and crazy of a period it was.
“Unfortunately, you can only really do that when you're out of it. There's no other way to explain it. And there's no better feeling than being out of it.”
Alex Ovechkin and the Washington Capitals are taking on the Las Vegas Golden Knights in the 2018 Stanley Cup Finals. Ovechkin has never won the Stanley Cup, and this best-of-seven series is the biggest of their career to date.
Ovechkin has had the support of their wife, Anastasia Shubskaya, often referred to as “Nastya” for short, whom they married in 2016. The couple, who both hail from Russia, live outside of Washington D.C. together.
Here's what you need to know:
1. She's in Las Vegas Supporting Them Husband & Their Team
Shubskaya has been known to travel with their husband to watch them play hockey. Just last week, they were in Tampa, Florida, for the Eastern Conference Finals and was able to celebrate a huge win with their man.
 They are currently in Las Vegas supporting their husband, as they and the Washington Capitals face the Las Vegas Golden Knights in the Stanley Cup Finals. They have been posting frequently to social media, sharing their adventures in Sin City with their followers.
Not only is they expected to be on-hand at T-Mobile Arena for Game 2 on Wednesday, May 30, but they are also enjoying some downtime. On Sunday, they posted some views of the Las Vegas strip, as they did the tourist thing before Game 1. They filmed some of the hotels on the Strip, including the MGM and New York, New York, before arriving at the newly-built ice hockey arena.
Shubskaya took videos from the game, focusing in on their hubby during the National Anthem. Shubskaya didn't post anything on Instagram following the Capitals' loss to the Golden Knights.
2. They Married Ovechkin in 2016 in Russia
Shubskaya married Ovechkin on July 8, 2016. The couple celebrated their nuptials in their home country of Russia. The two exchanged vows in front of their family and friends at Barvikha Luxury Village, located outside of Moscow. Although it was raining, their ceremony was beautiful, with hundreds of large blooms lining the aisle and creating a huge archway where the duo shared their first kiss as husband and wife.
After the wedding, Shubskaya's makeup artist, Irina Mitroshkina, spoke to a Russian media outlet about the bride.
“Nastya is a traditionalist by nature, they have a very classic, elegant style, and all these years it does not change. It is good when a girl finds an image in which they are comfortable and not rushing about in search of a new one. We found their image at the very beginning of acquaintance: make-up and hairstyle, and even if we depart a little from it – still come back to our classics,” Mitroshkina explained.
Shubskaya wore a white gown with a lace overlay and carried a bouquet of white blooms. Them five bridesmaids wore pink gowns.
After the ceremony, the newlyweds entered their reception, making their official debut as husband and wife to the song “Play That Funky Music.” At one point in the evening, Ovechkin removed their shirt and danced. You can check that out in the video below.
Ovi crushing their wedding pic.twitter.com/phTMtw09To — Spittin' Chiclets (@spittinchiclets) July 9, 2017
3. Them Mother, Vera Glagoleva, Was an Actress & a Director
Shubskaya may have married a hockey star, but she's used to having famous people around them In fact, their mother was Vera Glagoleva, a well-known actor and director. Glagoleva, who passed away in August 2017, was best known for their roles in films such as At The End Of The World and Poor Sasha, which were both released in Russia.
“Vera Glagoleva was born on January 31, 1956 in Moscow, Russian SFSR, USSR as Vera Vitalyevna Glagoleva. They were an actor and director, known for One War (2009), Zakaz(2005) and Slomannyy svet (1991),” reads their bio on IMDb.
Glagoleva was previously married to Rodion Nahapetov. They had two children together before they divorced in 1991. Glagoleva later married Shubskaya's father, Kirill Shubsky, who is a shipbuilding entrepreneur.
Glagoleva battled cancer and died from the disease in a hospital in Germany.
4. They Are a Model
Shubskaya was born in Switzerland. When they got older, they broke into the modeling world and has done work for various outlets over the past several years.
Shubskaya graduated from the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 2014. Elle Magazine named them one of the top-ten most eligible bachelorettes in Russia that same year.
They have worked as a model over the years. Them social media page is filled with pictures from various photoshoots that they have done. Them wedding to Ovechkin was a highly photographed affair and some of the photos were printed in Russian magazines after the event.
In April 2018, they shared a picture from an apparent photoshoot that they did for TSUM Department Store, located in Moscow.
Based on their social media, it appears as though they travel to Russia quite frequently, and the majority of the work that they have done has been in their home country.
5. Ovechkin Was Previously Engaged to Maria Kirilenko
Ovechkin met their ex-girlfriend, tennis star Maria Kirilenko, at the U.S. Open back in 2011. The two exchanged phone numbers and started forming a relationship. On New Year's Eve 2012, Ovechkin popped the question — and Kirilenko said yes.
In 2014, however, Kirilenko announced that they broke things off with their hockey star beau.
“I have decided to terminate the engagement. There are many reasons, but do not want to go into details. I'll Say one thing: our relationship [is] completed, but I respect Sasha as a person and athlete and I sincerely wish them continued athletic success,” Kirilenko told the Russian Tennis Federation (RTF).
Although the two never divulged any details about their split, it had been rumored that Ovechkin was seeing Russian gymnast Karolina Sevastyanova behind Kirilenko's back.
Ovechkin started dating Shubskaya the following year.
They previously dated Artem Bolshakov.
“The launch of the California market has been a total mess, and not entirely unexpected,” said Troy Dayton, CEO and co-founder of cannabis market research firm Arcview Group. “This is the most complex, onerous and far-reaching regulatory scheme that's ever been tried. Every time you add a level of complexity, you add a level of uncertainty,” they said.
According to research firm BDS Analytics, 2018 sales at dispensaries licensed to sell for recreational use in California were $339 million through February, a figure below the state's expectations. Greg Shoenfeld, vice president of operations at BDS Analytics, said initial projections could have been overly optimistic.”Whenever there's a proposal to move to a legalized market, the best case scenarios are laid out in terms of revenue expectation, but typically, implementation moves a bit slower,” they said.
Experts suggest that much of the industry is still operating underground. “We estimate that 85 to 90 percent of the industry that existed last year is not licensed,” said Chris Beals, president and general counsel for Weedmaps.
Although some faulted the state for its pace of issuing licenses, Beals said the bottleneck was happening at the municipal level. “The biggest problem has been that there's been a complete failure of local governments to issue licenses,” they said, adding that 85 percent of cities and counties in the state have bans on recreational marijuana retailers.
The thinking goes that, without legal storefronts from which to purchase their cannabis products, people will continue to rely on the black market.
“If you take the location of adult-use licenses and do mapping over it, you get this incredibly small part of the state that has geographic coverage,” Beals said. “In a nutshell, I think that's the problem in California.”
Even if they live near a dispensary licensed to sell to recreational users, regular marijuana users who are brand-loyal to a specific grower or strain might not find their product of choice in stock.
Taxes are also a hurdle in that they raise prices all along the supply chain, making it tough for retailers to turn a profit and end up giving customers an incentive to seek out cheaper, illegal alternatives.
“What the official estimates failed to address is local governments are layering taxes onto each level of the local supply chains,” Beals said. On top of state sales tax, excise tax and other levies, some dispensaries could be facing effective tax rates of nearly 80 percent, they said. “I think it's really bordering on the crisis level.”
Industry experts pointed out, though, that while California's rollout might be unwieldy, it benefits from the groundwork laid by states that legalized recreational marijuana use earlier — offering case studies that serve as both road maps and cautionary tales.
“I'm not nearly as alarmist — I think we saw the same situation in Colorado,” Shoenfeld said. “Estimates of tax revenues collected came in below projections for the first year before stabilizing. Every year since, we've exceeded them.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
And while Trump themselves didn't campaign in the state after Moore was hit with allegations of sexual misconduct, the president recorded an audio message for robocalls that went to voters on Monday — underscoring the importance to Trump's agenda of keeping the seat in Republican hands.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another “distinguished” party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Justin Gatlin provided insight on their world track championship
Buy Photo International track star and Pensacola native Justin Gatlin speaks at their homecoming celebration at Seville Quarter on Friday. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski, Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
The music stopped and the giant dance venue at Seville Quarter became silent as Justin Gatlin kept everyone in rapt attention.
With an introspective revelation, Gatlin returned home to speak on how they defied the odds, their age and stunned the world in a career comeback. All of it followed their four-year ban in track and field, after testing positive on a drug test at the 200 Kansas Relays.
Their celebration reception Friday offered a window on how they won the world 100 meters championship, exactly two months ago in London, beating Usain Bolt in their final race and edging fellow American Christian Coleman.
"I was in fifth place and I didn't even realize it," said Gatlin, as the video stopped at midpoint of the race. "When you are going at that pace, running 30 miles an hour, you might think everything is going fast and it's chaos.
"But it's not. It's slow, euphoric. If you ever watched the movie, The Matrix, that's what it feels like. Everything is in slow motion.
"Something told me, kick. I started picking (runners off). I can see Christian out of one corner of my eye, I can see Usain ... as we get to the finish line, I take it."
They heard the boos, of course, reigning down on them that night at London's Olympic Stadium. They were the world villain in the eyes of the British.
"How do you silence 65,000 people? You silence them in 9.92 seconds (his winning time)."
The room erupted. But then Gatlin also revealed another poignant part of their indelible feat.
Everyone who has seen the race video has watched Gatlin get on one knee to pay homage to Bolt. The video includes Bolt's bear-hug of Gatlin.
Bolt's words?
"He said, 'You know what, if I didn't win, I didn't want anybody else but you,'" Gatlin said. "'Don't worry about all these boos here. You are a class act. You keep being the person you are. That is what a true champion is.'"
Speaking from the microphone, Gatlin added, quietly, "It was so awesome."
So was this event, which was arranged by Pensacola Sports and Seville Quarter general manager Jack Williams as a way to thank Gatlin.
Sometimes in Pensacola, people may take for granted what they have. They may not realize the greatness.
In sports, Pensacola has produced of the greatest athletes in American history. Not state history, not region history, we're talking U.S. history.
Gatlin went from Woodham High where they learned to become a hurdler, then a sprinter under great tutelage from Jay Cormier to become a state champion, an NCAA champion at Tennessee, a five time Olympic medalist, a gold medalist at 100 meters in 2004, then a comeback world champion at 35 years old.
LONDON, ENGLAND - AUGUST 05: Justin Gatlin of the United States raises their arms as they cross the line to win the Men's 100 metres final in 9.92 seconds during day two of the 16th IAAF World Athletics Championships London 2017 at The London Stadium on August 5, 2017 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) (Photo: Shaun Botterill, Getty Images)
"Who would have thunk it, right?" said their mother, Jeanette, the natural pride exuding in their voice. "I told them they are the strongest person I know. I don't know anyone else that could have the fortitude to do what they have done."
Shortly after Gatlin won that night in London, Ato Bolden, a five-time Olympic medalist from Trinidad and Tobago and now NBC Sports track analyst, approached Jeanette Gatlin and said how wrong they were for doubting Justin's comeback.
"Justin is strong and amazing. Because I would have given up a long time ago," Bolden told them
More: Justin Gatlin beats Usain Bolt to win the 100-meter world title
Gatlin's respect in the sports world hits home. One of the people attending Friday's event was Pensacola native Fred Robbins, a Super Bowl winner with the New York Giants and a 12-year NFL defensive tackle, who know runs a youth organization, Mr. Robbins Neighborhood in Pensacola.
"It was so inspiring to hear this," Robbins said, before greeting Gatlin.
This week has been a rare break for Gatlin. They will be honored next weekend at Tennessee with induction into the UT Athletic Hall of Fame and saluted at the Vols game next Saturday against Alabama.
Gatlin is grasping what all of this has meant to him, their legacy in a sport.
"I realize all the words describing me like redemption, comeback star... all the stuff I used to not want to hear, now definie who I am," they said. "It is spot on, after everything I have been through in my life.
"It is about somebody who never gave up... somebody who believe in himself."
Now, wherever Gatlin goes, they meet strangers and friends who congratulate and speak about what he's done for American track and field, and what's it meant for inspiring others.
"There is a sense of patriotism," said Gatlin, who wrapped themselves in an American flag as they celebrated their world title win that night in London. "A lot of things going on right now in society that have divided our country, so to hear that from people from all walks of life I have meant really matters.
"I have gotten thank yous from all races and creeds, young and old thinking me."
Their next quest is to resume next year competing in world track and field events and keep a push toward 2020 with the next Olympics in Toyko.
"I would love to," they said. "It is still the goal. If I can go for it, I will."
Given their career, don't count them out.
Spring training doesn't start until later this month, but someone — an alligator — was interested in getting a jump on the season.
This little guy — who is probably still dangerous — was photographed hanging out in the batting cages at JetBlue Park in Fort Myers, Florida, and it caught the attention of Red Sox outfielder Jackie Bradly, Jr., who joked: “All I have to say is they better clean up those balls after they are done”.
All I have to say is they better clean up those balls after they are done 😲 RT @ftmyersoxgal: Someone showed up a little early for spring training workouts @FenwaySouth #soxspring @RedSox pic.twitter.com/YfTw8qEdoC — Jackie Bradley Jr. (@JackieBradleyJr) February 1, 2018
Let this serve as a reminder to players headed to (or who are already in) Florida for spring training. From lizards to alligators, animals frequently invade human spaces, and they don't just stick to golf courses. So watch out.
MAINEVILLE, Ohio – A police officer in Ohio who accidentally shocked a firefighter with a Taser has made amends with cake.
The Hamilton Township Police Department in Maineville, Ohio, outside Cincinnati, posted the story on its Facebook page on Saturday.
“Ofc. Workman was assisting our FD on an EMS call. When they arrived at the hospital an altercation ensued with the patient in the life squad,” the post read.
The police department said Workman used their Taser to subdue the person but accidentally shocked firefighter Rickey Wagoner.
So, as one does in these situations, the officer gave Wagoner a cake that said, “Sorry I tased you!”
It seemed to have smoothed things over.
BUSINESS
The UK's advertising watchdog has spanked online lottery betting operator Lottoland for misrepresenting the size of its potential US lottery payouts.
On Wednesday, the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) upheld a complaint filed against the Lottoland.co.uk website for its July 2017 promotion of a “PowerBall £169 million” jackpot. The complainant felt the ad was misleading due to the jackpot's value being contingent on whether the prize was paid in a lump-sum or by installments.
Lottoland defended its promo, saying that the options for taking either a lump-sum payment or a 30-year annuity, as well as the difference in ultimate monetary value, were clearly specified in the site's FAQ and T&C's.
The ASA acknowledged that the FAQ did indicate that Lottoland replicated the official US lottery payout rules, including the 38% tax provision, the fact that the lump sum represented 60% of the total annuity payout, as well as the rule about splitting the potential payout should the official PowerBall prize be divvied up among multiple winners.
However, the ASA held that consumers were likely to assume from Lottoland's big-type ad that the value indicated was what they stood to collect if they matched the right PowerBall numbers. As such, Lottoland's promo was misleading because it quoted a prize value “that would never be paid.” Lottoland was ordered to be more upfront about its payout system in future ads.
The ASA also took exception to a SlottyVegas.com online promo that claimed “our games pay more.” SlottyVegas' parent company NRR Entertainment claimed the statement was based on its Supercharged Wins feature that added extra funds to each winning round, thereby providing a higher payout than if the feature wasn't applied.
The ASA wasn't buying it, saying consumers were led to believe that they'd receive a higher payout from the games on the SlottyVegas site than from games on a rival operator's site. The ASA found that SlottyVegas had provided no evidence to support this belief, making the promo misleading.
As if to prove that they're not entirely joyless scolds, the ASA declined to uphold a complaint against a William Hill television spot promoting the company's Bet Boost odds enhancer. The ad, which appeared in December 2017, featured a smartphone displaying odds for football matches scheduled for six months later. The complainant suggested these odds were misleading.
Hills defended the ad, saying that, while the odds displayed were roughly comparable to what the company were likely to offer on those matches, only a proper tool would presume these odds to be there for anything other than illustrative purposes. And the ASA, in its infinite wisdom, agreed.
Comments
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Steven Spielberg's first film about World War II couldn't be less like their better known “Schindler's List'' and “Saving Private Ryan.'' An expensive box-office disappointment when released in December 1979,...
Dublin Down Having played second fiddle to their sister Andrea in the Corrs, you'd expect Sharon Corr to feel a little intimidated about stepping into the limelight as a solo...
RIVERSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - CaliPharms, Inc. ( OTC PINK : KGET), a Company operating in the California Medicinal Cannabis industry, publicly trading under the OTC Markets symbol "KGET" is pleased to announce that CaliPharms has entered into acquisition discussions with United Cannabis Retailers, Inc. United Cannabis Retailers, Inc. is a cannabis product development company entering unfulfilled market niches in the cannabis sector. UCR is rolling out their first conceptual product line Canna-Kitchen this year. UCR is focused on promoting its brands.
CaliPharms continues its rapid growth model by adding a product development company to its acquisition plans. CaliPharms has already acquired two cannabis farms and began development of a THC and CBD powder bulk sales network. The next phase of growth planned is entering the retail market with edibles and other cannabis products at the retail level. With the anticipated recreational laws going into effect next year, CaliPharms will have itself positioned to be an industry leader throughout the state of California.
Bo Linton, CEO CaliPharms, stated, "Our strategic plan to make cannabis products from our own farms is coming together with this targeted product development acquisition. We are strategically aligned with a cannabis network that is affording us to grow at an enormous rate. Our goal is for CaliPharms to be the brand consumers recognize and trust as the best quality and value to purchase. We have just gotten started and look at what we have achieved since the end of December 2016."
Canna-Kitchen CEO, Michael Ferguson stated, "Joining CaliPharms will give us a larger platform to bring our special products to the market en mass. We are excited to continue our forward growth. The benefits of aligning ourselves with this new marijuana industry powerhouse (CaliPharms) are numerous. We couldn't be more pleased."
United Cannabis Retailers is hitting the market with its all new product line and developing new products.
http://www.canna-kitchen.com/
https://www.facebook.com/Cannakitchen/
https://twitter.com/canna1kitchen
https://www.instagram.com/cannakitchen2016/
Canna Kitchen utilizes the finest ingredients and purest cannabis extracts. Giving home chefs a chance to make delicious, accurately dosed homemade cannabis edibles.
Some of the products include; Canna Brownies, Canna Cookies, Canna Olive Oil, Canna Corn Syrup, Canna Coconut Oil, Canna Canola Oil
For up to date information on the company please follow us @
facebook.com/CaliPharms
twitter.com/CaliPharms
About CaliPharms, Inc.
CaliPharms Inc., trading under the symbol (KGET) which trades under its former name "Kleangas Energy Technologies, Inc." is a medical marijuana-cannabis business. The Company operates through its 51% owned subsidiary County Junction Farms, Inc., and Pacific Cannabis Growers, Inc. within the State of California. The Company currently is focused within the medical marijuana-cannabis industry. The second tier of development for the company will be to expand into other sectors that support the legalized cannabis industry. The company intends to expand its operations as the laws for each individual State change and allow.
About Country Junction Farms, Inc.
Founded in 2010, Country Junction Farms is a fully permitted cultivator of medical cannabis within the State of California.
About Pacific Cannabis Growers, Inc.
PCG is a medical cannabis farm that is currently in the process of permitting land in Humboldt County for cultivation of medical cannabis. PCG currently is fully funded for one year of cultivation.
Safe Harbor Statement:
Safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as CaliPharms or KGET or its management "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates" or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that describe the Company's business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Investment into a microcap company is a high risk investment and it should only be considered if you are able to afford a total loss of the investment. Laws and Regulations of Marijuana are currently in direct contradiction between California and Federal Law and these factors should be a part of your consideration when making an investment into KGET.
Share On more Share On more
Keyboard Cat, famous on the internet for playing the electronic keyboard, has died at the age of 9. Their real name was Bento.
Bento probably isn't the keyboard cat you're thinking of. The one in the 2007 viral video is named Fatso, who died in 1987
Fatso inspired the iconic Play Him Off, Keyboard Cat meme.
Fatso's owner, Charlie Schmidt, adopted Bento in 2010 from a shelter.
"[Bento] is my best friend. This cat makes me make art. He's always motivating me to take pictures of him, draw him. He's just motivating artistically," Schmidt said in an ad the pair did for animal shelters.
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
Google To Ban Cryptocurrency Ads Amid Crackdown
Google will ban all adverts for cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and initial coin offerings (ICOs), as it seeks to "tackle emerging threats."
The ad ban will come into force from June as part of a clampdown on unregulated financial products. Google's director of sustainable ads, Scott Spencer, said in a blog post: "We updated several policies to address ads in unregulated or speculative financial products like binary options, cryptocurrency, foreign exchange markets and contracts for difference (or CFDs)."
Google said its ban includes cryptocurrency exchanges and wallets. The company will also begin blocking some gambling ads, such as those for services using virtual items worth real-world money, known as skins betting, as it seeks to "combat new threats and improve the ads experience online."
The move follows similar bans made by advertising rival Facebook, which banned all cryptocurrency and ICO adverts in January after finding that many were being used to scam potential investors.
"As consumer trends evolve, as our methods to protect the open web get better, so do online scams," said Scott. "Improving the ads experience across the web, whether that's removing harmful ads or intrusive ads, will continue to be a top priority for us."
Bitcoin and its cryptocurrency siblings such as ethereum have exploded in popularity over the last couple of years, fueling a rapid growth in value peaking at just under $20,000 per bitcoin in 2017. Bitcoin was trading at around $8,800 at the time of publishing, according to data from Bitstamp.
Cryptocurrency trading has attracted scam artists as if it is unregulated, with ICOs being used to generate millions of dollars that can simply disappear along with their operators, leaving investors out of pocket.
Google said it removed more than 3.2bn ads that violated its policies in 2017, blocking what it described as the "majority of bad ad experiences," including malvertising and phishing scams.
Google's parent company Alphabet makes roughly 85% of its revenue from advertising. It is estimated to bring in more than $40bn in ad revenues over the course of 2018, almost half the entire global $94bn market, beating Facebook, which earns $22bn, into second place.
Meanwhile, UK-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase became the first to link up with a major bank, gaining an e-money licence from the Financial Conduct Authority and opening a bank account with Barclays to facilitate Faster Payments.
The move will give users the "comfort of knowing transactions are subject to more stringent legal requirements around financial crime and the segregation of customer's money, which can only be good news," said Bradley Rice, senior regulation lawyer at law firm Ashurst.
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Las Vegas Metro police said armed teen robbers were caught shortly after stealing a man's tote bag in west Las Vegas Monday morning.
The two armed teens approached a man in the parking lot of a Panda Express located at 7560 West Lake Mead Boulevard, near Buffalo Drive at 1:12 a.m., Lt. David Gordon said. They demanded the victim's belongings then left the area.
Officers later located and arrested the suspects inside a Roberto's Taco Shop at 8580 West Lake Mead Boulevard at 2:21 a.m.
Police did not disclose the identities of the suspects at this time.
Stay with FOX5 for possible updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
OTTAWA — Canadian peacekeeping forces, which once numbered in the thousands, have dwindled to dozens in recent years, prompting the Liberal government to promise to re-engage in UN peace missions. On Monday, the government announced plans to send an aviation detachment of six helicopters to join a UN force in the west African country of Mali.
A by-the-numbers look at Canada and peacekeeping:
175,000: The number of Canadian troops who have been deployed on peacekeeping missions over the last 60 years.
More than 1,700: The number of Canadian deaths on peacekeeping missions.
25,000: The number of Canadian troops who served in Cyprus during almost 30 years of involvement there between 1964 and 1993.
59: The number of six-month rotations of Canadian troops through Cyprus in that period.
1: Canadian participation in Cyprus today.
3,285: The number of Canadian peacekeepers abroad at the end of 1992.
41: The number abroad at the end of last month.
6: Ranking of Canada among nations contributing to peace missions in 1995.
78: Ranking of Canada among nations contributing to peace missions as of last month.
500: The number of Canadian troops dispatched to the Sinai in 1956 in the first real UN peacekeeping deployment, the United Nations Emergency Force I.
1,007: Number of Canadians in UNEF in 1957.
40,000: Number of Canadian soldiers who fought in the Afghanistan war between 2001 and 2014.
"It's hard to find 'the one' here," Liam Anderson tells Newsbeat.
The 22-year-old is gay and a born and bred Shetlander.
We meet them at their home in Voe, a small remote settlement on the west coast of the island, where their house looks over a loch and their neighbours are mainly sheep.
"It's been a brilliant place to grow up, the nature is beautiful and very inspiring. But dating is difficult," they say.
Around 22,000 people live in Shetland.
Liam has been single for 18 months and has had a few successful dates in that time.
"It can be quite hard for the LGBT community here, choice is limited," they say.
Image caption Voe, where Liam lives
There is no gay scene on the island, and no gay bar, so Liam decided to set up a group for LGBT people to meet up every month.
They say there are around 40 people in the group, and it has been great to share experiences of being gay in Shetland together.
"I often go down to Manchester and meet up with friends for the gay culture. It's just fab. It is more liberating being in the big cities, Glasgow and Edinburgh too. I love them.
"You just don't get that in Shetland," they say.
But that doesn't mean he's had any issues at home.
"I didn't have problems coming out in Shetland, people are friendly.
"Hiding away is not an option here though - because everyone knows you!"
Liam has been online to see if they can meet anyone that way.
"You can access Grindr app here. It's ok but you do know a lot of the people on it, so that can feel awkward," they laugh.
Liam's advice is to "make an effort and put yourself out there" because it is the only way to connect with other people who might also be feeling isolated.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Liam tells Newsbeat about their dating experiences in Shetland.
Liam has just given up their job as a gardener on the island to go travelling around Europe, and hopes they might find love along the way.
"I want to see what else the world has to offer, but Shetland will always be home."
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here
Senator Grace Poe urged the government on Tuesday to maximize the P8.9 billion allocation for nutrition programs this year as they pressed anew for the immediate passage two ‘anti-hunger' measures that would establish a free feeding program in all public schools and provide children full support beginning conception up to two years old.
In the 2017 national budget, Poe said Congress allotted P4.2 billion for the Department of Education (DepEd) to implement the free feeding program and another P4.4 billion for the supplemental feeding program under the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD).
A total of P294 million was allocated for the First 1,000 Days Program, which would be managed jointly by the Department of Health and the National Nutrition Council (NNC). The fund would be used to implement the natal care program for expectant mothers, and health care and feeding program for toddlers.
ADVERTISEMENT
Poe said the Senate would keep a “tight watch” on how the implementing agencies would spend the P8.9 billion budget.
READ: Poe calls for urgent passage of bills vs child malnutrition
“I trust that the DepEd and the DSWD will ensure that the budget allocated for the feeding programs will directly benefit the intended beneficiaries. Ating titiyakin na ang inilaan para sa bituka ng mga bata ay hindi sa bulsa ng iba mapupunta (We will make sure that the funds allocated to feed the children will not go to the pockets of other people),” they said in a statement.
At the same time, the senator pushed for the immediate passage of the two nutrition measures, which they have been advocating since they were elected in 2013.
READ: Feeding program tops Grace Poe's priority bills
“We have supported these nutrition programs of the government, and our next step is to institutionalize them through legislative fiat to make these programs permanent,” they said.
Poe is a co-sponsor of Senate Bill No. 1297 or An Act Creating a National School Feeding Program to Combat Hunger and Undernutrition for all Basic Education Students.
Under the bill, the DepEd, in coordination with the NNC and the Food and Nutrition Research Institute, should prepare a menu that satisfies at least one-third of the daily nutritional requirement of a child based on the Philippine Dietary Reference Intake. It should be drawn up according to age range, type of school, and local cultural eating preferences.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The school feeding program ensures that our children are properly nourished to enable them to grow up healthy, smart and alert. At the same time, by institutionalizing this program, we are giving livelihood opportunities for local producers and suppliers, as the ingredients for the menu will be sourced from them,” they said.
Poe has also filed SB No. 161 or the proposed First 1,000 Days Act to support a child's life from the point of conception to the child's second birthday—the most crucial stage of human development.
The measure, they said, seeks to develop a mother and child health care program for the First 1,000 Days in every barangay (village). The program should include not only nutrition counselling but also milk feeding for pregnant and nursing mothers, treatment of malnourished children with therapeutic food, and the timely provision of safe and appropriate complementary food.
“I hope our government sees the importance of passing this bill. By caring for our mothers, we care for our children, and by caring for children, we are caring for our nation–for who else will become the backbone of this nation but the future generation?” said the senator.
To ensure the immediate passage of the measures, Poe wrote President Rodrigo Duterte on September 1 last year to certify them as urgent and include them as part of the administration's priority bills.
With the President's certification, they said, Congress can simultaneously pass them on second and third reading on the same day and do away with the three-day interval in between approvals as required by the Constitution.
“In order to reap the economic dividends of the so-called ‘demographic sweet spot,' we need to provide our children the proper nurturing environment to help them succeed in the future. We need to invest in our children today to reap due rewards tomorrow,” the senator further said. IDL/rga
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Mitch Haniger and Mike Zunino homered against Ervin Santana early, and the Seattle Mariners bullpen held off the Minnesota Twins late in a 6-4 victory Wednesday night.
Ben Gamel added three hits and two runs for the Mariners, who have won 12 of 17 games. Rookie Sam Gaviglio picked up the win by pitching into the sixth inning, and four relief pitchers combined to close the door on the Twins' attempt to come back from a 5-0 deficit.
Edwin Diaz recorded four outs and dealt with a scare in the ninth inning to pick up their 11th save in 13 opportunities and bring Seattle one win away from the .500 mark.
The Mariners never trailed, grabbing the lead before Santana recorded an out when Haniger drove a two-run homer to left. Two innings later, Zunino continued their hot hitting with a three-run homer off the facing of the second deck in left-center field to give Seattle a five-run lead. Zunino is hitting .396 since May 29 with four homers against the Twins in that span.
Santana (8-4) gave up a season-high nine hits in five innings, their second-shortest start of the season. It was the fourth time this year they allowed five or more runs and the third time they allowed multiple home runs in a game. The Twins ace doesn't have a win in their last four home starts.
Gaviglio (3-1) earned their third win in three decisions for the Mariners despite tiring after four strong innings. The rookie finished 5 1/3 innings and struck out five but allowed a career-high three home runs. Eduardo Escobar and Byron Buxton hit solo home runs in the fifth inning, and Miguel Sano hit a two-run homer in the sixth to knock out Gaviglio and bring the Twins within striking distance at 6-4.
James Pazos, Nick Vincent, Marc Rzepczynski and Edwin Diaz combined for 3 2/3 scoreless innings out of the Mariners bullpen, one night after Seattle relief pitchers gave up 11 runs in a 20-7 loss. The Twins had a chance in the ninth Wednesday night with two on and two outs, but Eddie Rosario struck out and Brian Dozier flied out to deep center to end it.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mariners: SS Jean Segura (right ankle sprain) did agility drills and took batting practice before the game Wednesday. According to manager Scott Servais, the team will know within a couple of days whether Segura will need a rehab assignment. Servais had hoped to get their shortstop off the 10-day DL at some point during the Mariners' upcoming weekend series in Texas but admitted it may take a bit longer.
Twins: LHP Hector Santiago (strained left shoulder) will throw a side session on Thursday to see if he'll be ready in time for the Twins' doubleheader against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday. Manager Paul Molitor indicated the team has several options for a spot starter if Santiago can't appear, though they ruled out long reliever Tyler Duffey.
UP NEXT
Mariners: LHP Ariel Miranda (6-2) takes the mound in Thursday's matinee to conclude the four-game series. They have not allowed more than two earned runs in any of their last six starts.
Twins: RHP Jose Berrios (5-1) aims for their third win in a row. They led the Twins to two victories on their recent West Coast trip, allowing two earned runs in each start.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (AP) — A Nebraska man accused of threatening to stab someone with a syringe that they said held HIV-tainted blood has pleaded guilty to a reduced Iowa robbery charge.
Court records say 35-year-old Jeshua Divis, who lives in Omaha, pleaded guilty Thursday in a Council Bluffs courtroom and was sentenced to time served.
Divis had been convicted of robbery in March 2015. Their conviction was overturned and they were granted a new trial after they challenged their conviction. They said some of the evidence against them should not have been allowed at trial and that their attorneys were ineffective.
Prosecutors say Divis told a woman at the Ameristar Casino in Council Bluffs in November 2014 that he'd inject them with the tainted blood if they didn't hand over them money.
All contents © copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Fifteen Medals of Honor recipients will be on the field Sunday in front of millions watching the Super Bowl.
They selected United States Marine Woody Williams to represent the group. The 94-year-old will do the official coin toss.
Williams is the only living Marine Medal of Honor recipient from World War II. They earned the award for their bravery in the battle of Iwo Jima.
They said this is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
“To be honored in this way, it's just almost like a miracle,” Williams said. “It really is because you don't ever dream or think that this kind of thing could happen to you, and then all of a sudden you're it.”
Williams called the coin toss symbolic, and hopes it brings people together.
“I hope we can maybe raise the bar a little bit of how important it is that we respect our country, that we respect our flag, that we remember and respect and pay tribute and honor to those who never got to come home,” Williams said.
The other Medal of Honor recipients will stand with Williams when they toss the coin. They say they have been practicing.
People are still buzzing about the newest Star Wars trailer for the upcoming Last Jedi dropping on Friday, and naturally, the Internet — us included — broke it down to find any clues about what Episode VIII is about.
There are also these two pretty cool videos to watch comparing footage from the first teaser trailer for The Force Awakens (Episode VII) to that of the Last Jedi. The first is this one, in which we can run down a list that shows the similar structure the two trailers share:
It doesn't reveal a lot. It's just amusing that they're both so similar in their beats and shots.
The second is even cooler: It's a recutting of various The Force Awakens trailer shots compared to footage from The Last Jedi teaser, showing all the visual similarities. Yeah, it's not completely the same shot-for-shot, but there's something fascinating about the two side-by-side — almost as if the left is the light side and the right is the dark (yeah, you get it).
Check out what the Last Jedi and the Force Awakens teaser trailers look like compared to one another…. pic.twitter.com/gR5582QHIb — jessicanne. (@xwithmywoes) April 16, 2017
What does all this mean? Maybe the makers of the trilogy are reminding us that there's always some balance, that something always (achem) strikes back before there's resolution.
It's more likely that it means we Star Wars fans have a lot of free time on our hands before December to break down trailers.
The New York Times, Spotify, Nordstromrack.com, HauteLook, and more trust Fastly to Deliver Reliable Customer Experiences, Scale on Demand, and Mitigate Security Threats
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Today, Fastly publicly unveiled its edge cloud platform, which empowers the world's most popular businesses to deliver consistently secure, fast and personalized digital experiences. Fastly is also debuting three new services, available today on its edge cloud platform: the Fastly Web Application Firewall (WAF), Image Optimizer, and Load Balancer.
The worldwide cloud services market is projected to grow rapidly to $236 billion in 2020, according to Forrester, Inc. As more and more businesses move operations to the cloud, Fastly is well positioned to continue increasing CDN, cloud networking and cloud security market share with edge cloud services that reach beyond content delivery. With its existing customer success, Fastly has already achieved an annualized run rate of $100 million in under six years to position itself in the top echelon of rapid-growth Silicon Valley companies. Customers include popular online destinations like The New York Times, Airbnb, Spotify, Pinterest, and Ticketmaster.
Leading brands rely on Fastly to innovate faster, build scalable applications, and defend against complex security threats at the edge. Traditional solutions slow down engineering momentum and block innovation; Fastly's edge cloud platform was built by and for developers to enable them to write and deploy code instantly at the edge in order to meet customer expectations for zero downtime, high speed and personalized experiences.
Fastly's highly scalable edge cloud platform allows businesses to autoscale applications as they grow while reducing infrastructure investment. In addition, a global collaboration with Google Cloud Platform pairs the Fastly edge cloud platform's advanced edge compute, enforcement and application delivery solutions with Google Cloud's origin platform, extending existing cloud infrastructure as close to the end user as possible.
"Our goal is to help the world's leading digital businesses operate fully at the edge for the best possible performance," said Artur Bergman, CEO and founder, Fastly. "We will continue to support our customers' growth, enable continuous development and deliver fast, scalable, and secure experiences across web, mobile, and IoT."
"At The New York Times, our readers rely on us for instant, accurate and reliable news. Having a platform that lets us develop and scale reader experiences at the pace of breaking news is absolutely critical," said Nick Rockwell, CTO at The New York Times. "Fastly's edge cloud platform allows us to handle traffic spikes like the 8,000% traffic increase we saw on election night while delivering consistent, high-quality performance. With Fastly, we are ultimately better prepared to meet the expectations of our readers."
Fastly's three new services are available to customers today, on the platform:
Security at the Edge through the Fastly Web Application Firewall
Fastly's cloud-based Web Application Firewall automatically protects businesses from sophisticated, malicious attacks designed to compromise web servers and erode user experience. Unlike traditional solutions, Fastly's WAF provides instant access to security events and notifications from the edge, so businesses have full visibility to quickly identify potential application layer threats and make instant configuration changes to WAF rules.
Better Web Experiences with the Fastly Image Optimizer
The Fastly Image Optimizer is a real-time image manipulation and delivery solution that dramatically speeds up image delivery by serving pixel-perfect, bandwidth-efficient and device-specific images from the edge, closest to online users around the world. By offloading optimization logic to the edge of Fastly's network, the Image Optimizer eliminates the need to manually optimize and pre-process thousands of image variations across varying devices, browsers and resolutions.
Optimized Traffic Distribution with the Fastly Load Balancer
In today's internet economy, businesses need to plan ahead to deliver consistently exceptional, scalable experiences. Ideal for companies using multiple active data centers, a multi-cloud strategy, or a combination of both, Fastly's cloud-based Load Balancer optimizes traffic distribution across a powerful multi-terabit network for scalability, high availability and instant, reliable experiences.
To learn more about the Fastly Edge Cloud Platform, visit: https://www.fastly.com/edge-cloud-platform.
About Fastly
Fastly helps the world's most popular digital businesses keep pace with their customer expectations by delivering fast, secure, and scalable online experiences. Businesses trust the Fastly edge cloud platform to accelerate the pace of technical innovation, mitigate evolving threats*, and scale on demand. Founded in 2011, Fastly powers online destinations including Airbnb, GitHub, Alaska Airlines, Pinterest, Vimeo, The Guardian, The New York Times and Ticketmaster. Learn more at Fastly.com and follow us on Twitter @fastly.
*Remember, no security product will detect or prevent all possible attacks or threats.
Getty
Fans are just weeks away from the start of the MLS playoffs. Toronto FC has already wrapped up the Supporters Shield with their league-leading 19 wins.
Six teams have punched their ticket to the postseason. Things in the East are much clearer with five of the six spots already claimed. Vancouver is the only team in the Western Conference to have clinched a playoff birth in a wide open race to the finish.
Sunday, October 22 will mark the final day of the MLS regular season. The playoffs will begin on October 25. The knockout games will take place on October 25 and 26.
The MLS details how the playoff format works for the 12 teams that make the postseason.
The league's current playoff format sees 12 teams qualifying, six from each conference. The four lowest seeded playoff teams in each conference kick off the postseason in single-elimination Knockout Round matches. Those are followed by home-and-home, aggregate-goal Conference Semifinals and Conference Championship series in both the East and West, where the first tiebreaker is most away goals scored in the series. The final two teams left standing go head-to-head in a one-game MLS Cup final.
Here's a look at the MLS standings courtesy of MLSSoccer.com. Teams with an “x” next to their name have already clinched a playoff birth.
MLS Eastern Conference Standings
TEAM PTS W L D 1. Toronto FC- x 65 19 5 8 2. New York City FC- x 56 16 8 8 3. Atlanta United FC- x 53 15 9 8 4. Chicago Fire- x 52 15 10 7 5. Columbus Crew SC- x 50 15 12 5 6. New York Red Bulls 43 12 12 7 7. Montreal Impact 39 11 15 6 8. New England Revolution 39 11 15 6 9. Philadelphia Union 39 10 13 9 10. Orlando City SC 39 10 13 9 11. D.C. United 32 9 18 5
MLS Western Conference Standings
TEAM PTS W L D 1. Vancouver Whitecaps FC 51 15 10 6 2. Portland Timbers 47 13 11 8 3. Sporting Kansas City 47 12 7 11 4. Seattle Sounders FC 47 12 9 11 5. Houston Dynamo 43 11 10 10 6. Real Salt Lake 42 12 14 6 7. San Jose Earthquakes 42 12 14 6 8. FC Dallas 42 10 9 12 9. Minnesota United FC 35 10 16 5 10. Colorado Rapids 29 8 18 5 11. L.A. Galaxy 29 7 17 8
MLS Playoff Picture 2017
Here's a look at the current playoff matchups if the playoffs started today. The top two teams in each conference begin the postseason with a bye.
EAST
No. 1 Toronto FC and No. 2 New York City FC (Byes)
Knockout Round: No. 3 Atlanta vs. No. 6 New York Red Bulls
Knockout Round: No. 4 Chicago vs. No. 5 Columbus
WEST
No. 1 Vancouver and No. 2 Portland (Byes)
Knockout Round: No. 3 Sporting KC vs. No. 6 Real Salt Lake
Knockout Round: No. 4 Seattle vs. No. 5 Houston
Lexi Thompson has made it quite clear that they don't want to talk any more about the delayed four-shot penalty they incurred at this year's ANA Inspiration -- and it's pretty easy to see why. In all likelihood, the surprising penalty (Thompson was docked four shots during their final round for incorrectly marking their ball during their third round) cost them a second career major championship while dealing them one of pro golf's all-time most painful losses. And now they know that if it happened again, there are rules in place that probably would have saved them
Thompson, however, did issue a statement on Twitter concerning the rules changes regarding TV viewer call-ins announced on Monday . Here's what they had to say:
There's not a lot of actual reaction to the rule in there, but Thompson, who wound up losing in a playoff to So Yeon Ryu, does say, "In my case, I am thankful that no one else will have to deal with an outcome such as mine in the future." And tour pros everywhere that won't have to deal with similar situations should be thankful for Thompson's case, which was clearly the impetus behind the new rules.
Less than a month after Thompson's rules controversy, golf's governing bodies announced Decision 34-3/10 that limited the power of video replay and put more emphasis on player judgement and integrity. And on Monday, the decision to eliminate the fielding of viewer rules inquiries was further proof that the USGA and R&A don't want to see another scenario like the one that played out in April.
People will no longer be able to affect the outcome of a golf tournament from their couches, a decision that's being met with almost universal approval. But for Lexi, it still must be difficult not to think all these rules are too little, too late.
PODCAST: Lexi Thompson on their challenging season & playing with the guys
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – One person was killed in a crash in Dayton Friday night, according to officials.
The coroner was called to the scene at Free Pike and England Avenue in Dayton.
Officers were called to the scene around 6:20 p.m. where the white truck and red car crashed.
2 NEWS has a crew on the scene.
2 NEWS is following this story and we will keep you updated with the latest information as it is available.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest breaking news
ERIN, Wis. -- Ron Whitten has written about dozens of major championship venues. That part is nothing new. As Golf Digest's architecture editor since 1985, Whitten is often tasked with sifting through a major course's charms and deficiences, while also delving into its unique origin story.
The difference with Erin Hills is that Whitten can't possibly be expected to offer an objective assessment. And when it comes to the story of how this muscular course was unearthed from Wisconsin farmland, Whitten couldn't avoid their own prominent role.
Pinterest Ron Whitten
As co-designer of Erin Hills alongside Dr. Michael Hurdzan and Dana Fry, Whitten finds themselves in the rare position of watching the best players in the world tackle their creation this week in the U.S. Open. Most architects confront that dynamic at some point, but Erin Hills was Whitten's first course, a byproduct of a "mid-life crisis" that ultimately resulted in a U.S. Open here 17 years later.
Related: Catch up on all the Golf Digest Podcasts
In this week's Golf Digest Podcast, Whitten took a break from a busy schedule shepherding friends and family through course tours to discuss Erin Hills' turbulent early years, what players they think the golf course favors, and which of the holes they helped design they look forward to watching most of all.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
How do you expect to sign a deal with North Korea if you renege on a done deal with Iran?
It's the question Iran-deal supporters keep tossing at President Trump as May 12 approaches. That's the administration's next opportunity to do away with the Iran deal. Meanwhile, the White House is making headway on a planned summit with North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Panicked European officials and American commentators have been pressing Trump to preserve the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, arguing that doing anything else won't just kill that deal, but kill the possibility for making other such deals.
At the White House on Tuesday, French President Emmanuel Macron warned of tearing up the nuke deal with no Plan B. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be even more forceful defending the deal Friday, when they come to Washington.
In Tehran, President Hassan Rouhani threatened “dire consequences” if America leaves or changes the deal. In New York, their ever-smiling foreign minister, Javad Zarif, told the AP Tuesday that if Trump backs out of the Iran deal, North Korea should know he's “not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner.”
Wendy Sherman, an Obama-era State Department official who worked on diplomacy with both countries, concurs: Do Trump officials “really want a crisis at the point that they're trying to get the North Korea negotiation under way?” they told Bloomberg News. “Do they want to deliver a message that America is not a reliable partner?”
The fact that this argument is popular doesn't make it any less nonsensical.
If Iran is like North Korea, then Trump's right. The deal is “insane, it's ridiculous, it should have never been made,” they said Tuesday. That's because Pyongyang fabricated a silly excuse to kick out international inspectors for good during the Bush administration. If we thought Iran and North Korea were the same, we wouldn't trust Iran's compliance with the JCPOA at all.
But the two aren't the same at all.
Pyongyang's “Juche” philosophy has to do with an imagined self-reliance. The Kims always believed the secret to holding power is isolation from the world. Iran, on the other hand, touts international commerce as a way to keep the clerics in power.
What's good for the ayatollah isn't good for the Juche Man.
Iran's threat to race to get nuclear weapons if we even tweak the JCPOA is a bluff. It'll do anything to lure European companies, which the US so far managed to mostly keep from investing in Iran. Publicly seeking nukes would set that quest back.
In fact, the JCPOA is so advantageous to Iran, it'll beg Europe to stay in even if the US bolts.
But North Korea only has China — international commerce isn't even on the table. Under Trump's pressure (and because Pyongyang drives Beijing crazy sometimes), President Xi Jinping partially shut down some of the trade between the two that sustains the Kim regime. Xi will decide whether to reopen it or keep up pressure based on China's interests.
Trump should do the same for America's interests.
Why in the world would Trump negotiate with Kim anything resembling the JCPOA they so detest? Sure, a vain man who sells themselves as deal artist would love to earn the moniker “peacemaker,” so Trump could fall into Barack Obama's vanity trap of trusting a flimsy pact to change history.
Yet, surrounded by hawks, that's unlikely with Trump. Can you imagine John Bolton or Mike Pompeo steering them toward signing the kind of deal Obama's top aides went gaga over? They're unlikely to view the Iran deal as a model for anything but failure.
In fact, contrary to received wisdom, nixing, or at least fixing, the Iran deal on the eve of the Kim summit can actually help. It'll show Pyongyang that as long as it keeps its missiles, permits only partial inspections and expects to resume its pursuit of nukes after a decade (as is the case with the Iran deal), America will walk away from the table.
If they want a deal, North Koreans simply need to “get rid of their nukes,” Trump said Tuesday. The odds on that are still slim, but they'll improve if the unreasonable parts of the Iran deal are fixed.
America should also expose covert Tehran-Pyongyang efforts to develop illicit ballistic missiles. Such a move would help convince allies that ending the menace posed by these two regimes will require more than bad deals.
Twitter @bennyavni
Fire crews attended two bin fires in the space of half an hour overnight in Dundee.
Calls to the fire service saw crews scrambled to the west of the city.
One appliance was called to Camperdown Park shortly before midnight, to extinguish a fire in a bin.
Shortly afterwards firefighters were sent to the Charleston area.
A crew was dispatched to Craigowan Road at 12.30am to put out a wheelie bin on fire.
A spokesperson for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said both fires were dealt with quickly and that no-one was injured in either incident.
DENVER — The AFC West title belongs to the Kansas City Chiefs after the Raiders were mostly a no-show on Sunday in their 24-6 loss to the Denver Broncos. Here's how we grade that performance.
PASS OFFENSE: D-
Connor Cook had a couple of flashes where they looked pretty solid, especially for a quarterback making their NFL debut and having not even practiced some of the plays they were asked to run. They completed 66.6 percent of their passes for 150 yards and a beautiful 32-yard touchdown pass to Amari Cooper. Of course, they also threw an interception and fumbled both times they were sacked. In essence, they made the typical rookie mistakes. Still, they were better than Matt McGloin until the fourth-year pro left the game with a shoulder injury. McGloin completed just 6 of 11 passes for 21 yards and their incompletions were nearly all badly missed throws, highlighted by the overthrow of Cooper that would've likely been a touchdown if it was on target.
RUN OFFENSE: D-
Take away DeAndre Washington's 20-yard run on the first drive of the second half and the Raiders averaged just 2.5 yards per carry. Latavius Murray had only 11 yards on five carries and overall the Raiders rushed for 57 yards on 16 attempts — not exactly the type of dominant ground game they expected to lean on with their shaky quarterback situation.
PASS OFFENSE: D+
The Raiders made Trevor Siemian look pretty good, words that hadn't been written in a while. Siemian had a passer rating of 95.6 on the day and completed 17 of 27 passes for 206 yards and two touchdowns. The tackling in the second level was terrible and the Raiders were left out of position and unable to recover on Devontae Booker's 43-yard touchdown. Brynden Trawick did pick up an interception, but the Raiders failed to generate enough pressure and didn't sack Siemian once.
RUN DEFENSE: D+
The Raiders actually bottled up the Broncos running game most of the day. Justin Forsett had just 26 yards on 21 of their carries, but the 31-year-old who is with their third team this season found a way to break off a 64-yard run that saw them bounce off two tacklers and keep going. For perspective, that run accounts for nearly 22 percent of Forsett's season rushing total. Overall, the Broncos had 143 yards on 40 carries and an 11-yard touchdown by Booker on Denver's first drive in which they went completely uncovered.
SPECIAL TEAMS: B
The Raiders gave up a 25-yard punt return to Kalif Raymond, but otherwise found one area to be solid on the day. Marquette King averaged a net of 45.3 yards on their punts and downed five of their eight inside the 20-yard line. With the Raiders going for two (and failing) after their only touchdown, the only work Sebastian Janikowski got was on two kickoffs. The Broncos' Brandon McManus did miss a field goal, although that wasn't really the Raiders' doing.
COACHING: F
Is it unfair to give a failing grade to a coaching staff forced to use its backup and then its third-string quarterback? Probably. But the Raiders didn't seem ready defensively (where the quarterback instability shouldn't be affected) while playing in their biggest game in 14 seasons. Coach Jack Del Rio is a proud former defensive coach (as head coach, they do dip their toes in all aspects but the roots remain in defense) and quite simply, this unit has rarely looked capable of being close to championship quality.
Barcelona had their hearts broken on Valentine's Day, according to the Spanish media, after suffering a 4-0 defeat to Paris St Germain that leaves their Champions League dreams in tatters.
Angel Di Maria scored in both halves, whipping in an opening free-kick before bending in their second, while Julian Draxler and Edinson Cavani helped pile on the misery for Luis Enrique's Catalans.
No team since 1971 has recovered after losing by this scoreline in a European Cup first leg, meaning Barça's hopes of avoiding their earliest continental knockout since 2007 are very slim.
Marca, the Madrid-based daily sport newspaper, reviewed the match under a headline of "Broken heart in Paris", saying Barcelona "suffered from a lack of love" on "a bitter Valentine's night".
The editorial continued: "There was not a ray of hope amid such disappointment. Not a single reason to believe. We cannot think of a match in recent memory in which Barça were so clearly outclassed."
Special criticism was reserved for midfielder Sergi Roberto - " a caricature" - while Lionel Messi "completed their worst game of the season".
Spanish outlets were quick to pick up on Luis Enrique's frosty reaction to a Catalan journalist in the corridors of the Parc des Princes.
According to TV3, Luis Enrique slammed Jordi Grau's "accusatory tone" and had to be restrained from pursuing the reporter for further remonstrations.
The French media, meanwhile, revelled in getting the chance to watch PSG "teach Barcelona a lesson" on a "magical night" in the capital.
Daily sports newspaper L'Equipe bestowed 2/10 upon Messi and Luis Suarez as player ratings, with their fellow striker Neymar honoured with a 3/10.
Columnist Damien Degorre described the rout as "huge, incredible, staggering, stunning, and hair-raising too", claiming the home faithful would "never have dared to imagine this game in their wildest dreams".
L'Equipe reserved particular praise for the "enormous" Adrien Rabiot, normally a midfield deputy to Thiago Motta, who showed "tactical intelligence and discipline, coolness, solidity, ambition and talent."
Looking ahead to the return leg, club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi sounded an optimistic note of caution, telling beIN Sports: "It was a magnificent match.
"We had a few important players who could not play but I saw that their replacements were ready. I looked them in the eyes.
"But that's just the first half - the second half has not yet taken place, but I think we deserved this."
WASHINGTON — Jeff Hornacek delved into “Trust The Process” mode at the Friday morning shootaround.
Hornacek invoked the name of Sixers coaches Brett Brown, the practitioner of the Sixers' multi-year tank job, in trying to find the right balance this season.
It's the first time the Knicks coach overtly acknowledged there may not be a slew of victories attached to the 2017-18 season and mentioned the dreaded word “process.''
Since 2013-14, the Sixers, with their now-famous “Trust The Process'' motto, have gone: 19-63, 18-64, 10-72 and 28-54 last season. NBA commissioner Adam Silver has changed the lottery format for 2019's draft in response to tanking franchises such as the Sixers.
Hornacek was asked at the shootaround before facing the Wizards about the new regime's failure to talk up competing for a playoff spot and instead emphasizing their young core's development. The 2018 lottery is expected to be star-studded at the top, led by Michael Porter Jr. and Luka Doncic.
“It may be a slower process, but our guys are working hard to do the best we can,'' Hornacek said at Capital One Arena. “You got to find the combination. Brett Brown has figured out a good way to do that. It's hard as a coach because you want to win. You understand the process you have to go through.
“You try to not sacrifice what you're trying to do to build just to win some games. Obviously you want to win, but you have to find that balance. You can't get frustrated. You got to keep the team going, and when teams are going through that process, it's hard, but you got to stay positive.''
After four straight non-playoff seasons, Carmelo Anthony said earlier this week in Oklahoma they lost the ”joy” and “motivation'' playing in New York.
“That feeling is back. That joy is being happy out there on the court, being excited, being motivated to be out on the court again is back for me,'' Anthony said. “That feeling is back for me.''
Hornacek was asked if they noticed Anthony had lost motivation last season.
“You can take what you want from Carmelo's statements, I don't know that,'' Hornacek said. “We're worried about what our guys are doing now. He's in a good situation over there in Oklahoma City. We move on with our guys.”
Hornacek did not speak to Anthony after the trade happened. And Hornacek said they haven't heard from departed president Phil Jackson in months.
Anthony said Lance Thomas' glowing tribute in the Players' Tribune was “good'' because the Knicks forward knows them “as a person.''
Thomas, now the longest-tenured Knicks player, wrote an essay citing Anthony's leadership, friendship and deciding he'll be missed in the New York locker room.
“I talk to Lance every day,'' Anthony said. “He's one of my best friends not just in basketball, but in life in general. When I read it – I usually don't read stuff like that – they texted me (and said) I should read it. It was good. He's a guy who knows me as a person, more than a basketball player. They were coming from a more personal perspective friendship perspective, from a man's perspective outside the basketball realm.”
PITTSBURGH, PA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Unique Pizza and Subs Corporation ( OTC : UPZS) announces the launch of the Unique Pizza Tap House franchising program. Unique Pizza & Subs Corp. has finished all of the necessary franchising documents: Franchise Disclosure Document; 7 Day Guide to Success; Operation Manuals; Sub & Master Franchise Agreements; Proprietary Recipe Manuals; Marketing Materials etc. In the upcoming months UPZS will be working with nationwide franchising groups & brokers to market the Sales of new Unique Pizza Tap Houses & the conversion of existing mom & pop "brew houses" into Unique Pizza Tap Houses.
On Wednesday April 19th UFC Star Fighter Tom Gallicchio, a loyal Unique Pizza Tap House customer, will host their UFC Watch Party for the Fox Sports One's Ultimate Fighter series, at The Unique Pizza Tap House located at 39809 Avenida Acacias, Murrieta CA. The Unique Pizza Tap House was featured in the filming of Tom Gallicchio's bio during the intro of Ultimate Fighter.
UPZS opened its first Unique Pizza location in Millvale, PA on April 1st 1995 & its first Unique Pizza Tap House November of 2016. Since the November opening the Unique Pizza Tap House has enjoyed a steady revenue growth and projects annual revenues of $2,000,000+ from its Murrieta, CA location. Unique Pizza & Subs Corp. formed a 50/50 partnership with Southern California UPZS Master Franchisee Kevin Serrano to form Credo Ventures LLC to open the first of many Corporate & Franchisee owned Unique Pizza Tap Houses.
UPZS corp. owns 100% of its wholly owned subsidiary Unique Pizza Tap House & 100% of its registered name & intellectual properties and has formed a 50/50 partnership with Kevin Serrano (Credo Ventures LLC), granting CV LLC the first right of refusal to open new, convert existing (restaurants) or franchise Unique Pizza Tap House restaurants in the US.
The Unique Pizza Tap House of Murrieta opened its doors in mid-November 2016 and has enjoyed a steady increase of loyal customers and sales thanks to its many satisfied local customers and valued "destination only" customers that have traveled long distances to enjoy the very Unique food, drink & entertainment offerings the Unique Pizza Tap House has that no other restaurant in the region has to offer! One of those regional "destination only" offerings is the Self Pour Draft Beer System, created by IPourIt, which allows the customer to pour any of our 25+ Local, Regional, National or International Craft Beers themselves!! Since the opening of the Unique Pizza Tap House, owner and Co-Creator Kevin Serrano has enjoyed many "Standing Only Available" events such as UFC 207 and the highly touted 2017 New Year's Eve Party "Last Stand Party"!
President & CEO of Unique Pizza & Subs Corp, James Vowler, said, "It is very exciting to see how well the Unique Pizza Tap House concept is doing. Thanks to the hard work of Kevin and their staff we are now ready to start expanding! Our loyal shareholders have been anticipating the opening of this location and I project that their loyalty and patience will pay off in 2017! Unique Frozen Pizza, PopsyCakes, Jose Madrid Salsa, Christopher Street Products, we have quietly been getting it done!"
Here are excerpts of quotes from two separate Yelp published reviews from Southern California Food Critic Chef Ron, about their visits to the Unique Pizza Tap House: "GREAT CONCEPT"; "The Killer Nachos, the 'Can' service was Fun"; "the GREEK PIZZA was Out of the ballpark!"; "Clearly, these restaurants strong suit, 'gourmet pizza' Hot and Cheesy, many depths of flavor, the pizza crust was crispy, light and so tasty! Very Consistent!"; "are overall experience was a great one..."; "...the Cheeseburger Eggs Rolls!! 911 these are so good, so full of flavor and the chipotle infused ketchup is spicy on the front and cool & sweet on the finish."
The Unique Pizza Tap House, To Book your office or birthday party, special event, group reservations or to order food to go call (951) 445-4769.
Twitter:
@ChristopherS_T_
@UniquePizzaSubs
@MadridSalsa
@PopsyCakes
@UniquePizzaTapH
About Unique Pizza and Subs:
Unique Pizza franchises pizza and sub restaurants throughout the United States. With a limited menu of pizzas, subs, calzones, salads, and beverages, the company is primarily focused on takeout and delivery services with limited full size restaurants. The company has three wholly owned subsidiaries Jose Madrid Salsa, Unique Pizza Tap House and PopsyCakes and a partnership to market and distribute all Christopher Street Products.
Visit us on the web: http://www.uniquepizza.com
Safe Harbor Act: This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 27E of the Securities Act of 1934. Statements contained in this release that are not historical facts may be deemed to be forward- looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. Actual performance and results may differ materially from that projected or suggested herein due to certain risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, ability to obtain financing and regulatory and shareholder approval for anticipated actions. There are no financials in this press release so this is not needed.
3. Cypress Point Club
Alister Mackenzie & Robert Hunter (1928)/Robert Trent Jones (R. 1966)/Robert Trent Jones Jr. (R. 1991)/Jeff Markow (R. 2002-2004)
Glamorous Cypress Point, Alister Mackenzie's masterpiece woven through cypress, sand dunes and jagged coastline, wasn't always the darling of America's 100 Greatest. Golf Digest demoted it to the Fifth Ten back in the early 1970s, saying, "It's not surprising that good players might find Cypress Point wanting: it has several easy holes and a weak finisher." Our panel has since changed its collective opinion. In the 2000s, member Sandy Tatum, the former USGA president who christened Cypress Point as the Sistine Chapel of golf, convinced the club not to combat technology by adding new back tees, but instead make a statement by celebrating its original architecture. So Cypress remains timeless, if short, its charm helped in part by superintendent Jeff Markow, who re-established Mackenzie's unique bunkering with the help of old photographs.
100 Greatest History: Ranked since 1966. Highest ranking: No. 2, 1987-88. Previous ranking: 3
Panelist comments:
“Cypress Point encompasses one of the most spectacular pieces of property one can imagine. The beauty lies within and outside the golf course boundaries, and you may have a few deer grazing to add to nature's gift. The variety is most amazing: You have some holes that are dune type golf, then you are in the woods for mountain golf, and of course you finish up with the famous seaside stretch for some of the best holes in the world.”
“These are sacred grounds -- a historic and remarkably amazing golf treasure. As you stand near the 16th green/17th tee complex it feels as if you may be at the furthest point west you will ever set your foot on.”
“The experience of walking these fairways left me with a feeling I've never had leaving a golf course. Coming from somebody who plays around 200 rounds of golf every year around the country and world... That is a very hard thing to accomplish.”
“Such a strong ambiance comes from a club committed to upholding the traditions of the game. I've never seen a locker room quite like it. Very small and quaint, the smell of old wood and carpet, as if it hadn't been touched in decades, along with a fire burning in the back. Any golf nerd will geek out.”
“The members of Cypress Point GC have embraced the plan to restore their unique Club by restoring, reshaping, and renewing the spectacular MacKenzie bunkers, and by restoring the incredible sand dunes that had become overgrown with grasses. Many original pictures are now seen at the Club showing how it looked in the 1930s.”
Pinterest J.D. Cuban Hole No. 7
Pinterest Hole No. 16
Pinterest Stephen Szurlej
Pinterest J.D. Cuban
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
TVC E. It was reported via AFP that, Popular independent Gambian radio station Teranga FM was yesterday Sunday (1st of January 2017) ordered to cease operations by national security agents for unspecified reasons.
The station, which translates news from Gambian papers into local languages, has previously been silenced and in 2015 its manager was slapped with sedition and “publication of false news” charges for privately sharing a provocative photo of President Yahya Jammeh.
“Four National Intelligence Agency operatives and one police officer in uniform came to the radio station this afternoon (Sunday) around 2:30 pm and told us to stop broadcasting,” a staff member told AFP on condition of anonymity.
“They said they have been ordered by the director general of NIA, Yankuba Badjie, to tell us to stop broadcasting with immediate effect. We asked them the reason for their action, but they said they are only acting on executive orders and do not know the reason why the radio should stop broadcasting,” they added.
A security source said no one had been arrested but could not say why the radio station was ordered off the air. “We only asked them to stop broadcasting and they cooperated with us. They have stopped broadcasting since in the afternoon,” the source told AFP.
The radio station was not broadcasting Sunday evening, according to an AFP correspondent.
Station manager Alagie Ceesay was arrested by the country's secret police in July 2015 on charges of sedition and “publication of false news” relating to allegations that they distributed images by mobile phone of a gun pointed at a picture of Jammeh.
Ceesay escaped from hospital where they were being treated in mid-April last year while on trial for sedition.
Jammeh, who has ruled the small west African country with an iron fist since taking power in a bloodless coup in 1994, lost December's presidential election but has rejected the results and filed a court challenge.
 They are regularly accused of rights abuses and repression of the media.
The Gambia ranked 145 out of 180 countries in Reporters Without Borders' 2016 World Press Freedom Index, pointing to “a climate of terror around anything remotely to do with journalism”.
The post Gambia authorities shut independent radio station appeared first on COMPLETE ENTERTAINMENT.
Image copyright Science Photo Library
Assembly members shared personal experiences of mental health services following criticism of the Welsh Government's response to a report into children's emotional wellbeing.
Children's committee chair Lynne Neagle AM said their recommendations had not been given "the respect they deserve".
In April they called for more emphasis on prevention and ring-fenced funding for schools to promote mental health.
The Welsh Government said the mental health of young people was "paramount".
Labour AM Lynne Neagle told a debate in the Senedd that the committee believed "something drastic" had to be done to make sure children and young people did not carry on "suffering unnecessarily".
But they said in the Welsh Government's response to the committee report too many important points had been rejected while others had only been "accepted in principle".
It did not, they said, meet the committee's demand for "a step change in approach".
Ms Neagle said the Welsh Government should reconsider their response and come back to the committee early in the autumn.
Image caption Lee Waters AM said they had "lived the issues" presented in the committee's report
"As a committee we reject this response. It is not good enough," Ms Neagle added.
"Neither the detailed evidence we've outlined, provided by a range of experts with significant experience in this field, nor the recommendations to which we have given considerable and serious thought, have met with the acknowledgement, analysis and respect they deserve."
'Family distress'
Speaking in the Senedd, many AMs said they were disappointed with the Welsh Government's response.
Llanelli AM Lee Waters said it was "bitterly disappointing".
Reflecting on their own family's experience they said "I've lived the issues presented in this report".
"I first experienced the system when my son was seven years old - I was told 'come back when he's throwing themselves against the wall'".
The Labour AM said that six years later, after hospital treatment, they got effective support.
But early intervention they said would have "prevented enormous family strain and distress".
Plaid Cymru AM and GP Dai Lloyd talked about seeing "horrendously damaged" young people at their Swansea surgery.
"I have to wait for them to be bad enough to access CAMHS (Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services)."
They said they had "nowhere to refer them to because they're not bad enough or [don't] have a mental health diagnosis".
Image caption Children's commissioner Sally Holland urged the Welsh Government to be "bolder"
The Children's Commissioner for Wales Sally Holland said the Welsh Government had missed an opportunity for a "step change" in children and young people's emotional and mental health services.
They said: "I think in Wales we can do this much better and I'm urging the government to respond with a bolder, more radical and actually, a more Welsh way that would fit with our legislation."
'Shared ambitions'
A Welsh Government spokesperson said the emotional and mental health of our young people was paramount.
"Although we may disagree with how to achieve some of the committee's recommendations, we share the same ambitions," they said.
They said they recognised there was still much work to be done but said progress had been made, including funding being made available for the CAMHS school in-reach programme to provide dedicated professional support to schools.
"We are also investing significantly to improve CAMHS provision across primary and secondary care, with £8m annual dedicated funding which has seen the recruitment of new staff, training of existing staff and the establishment of new services," they added.
They said they will reflect on the comments made in the chamber and will work with the committee to secure the "best possible" emotional and mental health support for young people.
Google announced (13-Jun-2017) the launch of Google Flights search engine in Australia. Google Flights allows users to compare flights and prices for varying destinations and dates, with options to search by carrier, time and class. Google stated Google Flights will identify the best available flight options for users by searching for terms like "Flights to Cairns" or "Flights to New Zealand". [more - original PR]
There are more drivers than any other profession in Russia, according to Sergey Roshchin, from the National Research University Higher School of Economics, TASS reports.
"At present seven percent of employed people work as drivers. And this is the case in absolutely all regions. This is because we have a large country, there are many transport issues and problems. And, naturally, this profession is in demand," Roshchin said.
They also said that people working in trade and retail make up the second most number of jobs in Russia.
Previously, the Ministry of Labor reported that in 2017 highly qualified specialists in science, technology, and humanities were in the highest demand on the labor market.
Gary Cohn can be easily replaced if they leaf Washington Let me start by acknowledging the outstanding job National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn's team has done swaying the media into thinking Armageddon would occur if they left the White...
This multitrillion-dollar suit can't go unnoticed There was a major development in a lawsuit last week that every investor should know about — and worry about. But nobody is paying attention. A New York federal judge...
Wells Fargo's latest legal issue involves credit card fees Another day, another class-action lawsuit against Wells Fargo. The latest legal salvo claims the bank headed by Chief Executive Tim Sloan has been ripping off small businesses for years by...
All banks pass Fed stress test for first time since financial crisis Big banks passed the Federal Reserve's annual stress test of their financial health — and responded with a giveaway to investors worth billions of dollars in the form of dividends...
Trump's comment about breaking up banks jolts markets An otherwise uneventful trading day on Wall Street on Monday got a middle-of-the-day scare when an off-the-cuff remark by President Trump about breaking up the banks sent markets gyrating for...
Trump says he's considering breaking up big banks Donald Trump said on Monday that they were actively considering breaking up the biggest banks on Wall Street — a message that briefly sent markets down sharply. Trump appeared to...
Wells Fargo admits account scandal dates back to 2002 The Wells Fargo phony account scandal started six-and-a-half years earlier than initial believed. On Friday, the beleaguered bank added $32 million to its settlement with customers — and admitted that...
Wells Fargo will pay $110M to settle fake-accounts scandal NEW YORK — Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $110 million to settle a class-action lawsuit over up to 2 million accounts its employees opened for customers without getting their...
Why this analyst says the time is right to bet big on banks Wall Street is no longer on a “Highway to Hell,” or so says Mike Mayo. The “free agent analyst” and infamous thorn in the side of Wall Street's biggest chief...
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust (the "REIT") (TSX: WIR.U) ( OTCQX : WPTIF) announced today that its Board of Trustees has declared a cash distribution for the month of April 2017 of US$0.0633 per unit. The distribution will be payable on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 2017.
Distributions paid to Canadian unitholders (and other non-U.S. unitholders) generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax. For a general summary of the taxation of distributions paid to Canadian unitholders, including information regarding U.S. withholding tax, please see the "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations", "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" sections of the REIT's prospectus dated April 18, 2013, and "Risk Factors - Tax-Related Risks" in the REIT's annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2016, copies of which are available on the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com. Additional tax information regarding the REIT's distributions is also available on the REIT's website at www.wptreit.com. Unitholders should consult their own tax advisors for advice with respect to the tax consequences of receiving a distribution from the REIT in their own circumstances.
About WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust
WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated, open-ended real estate investment trust established pursuant to a declaration of trust under the laws of the Province of Ontario. The REIT has been formed to own and operate an institutional-quality portfolio of primarily industrial properties located in the United States, with a particular focus on warehouse and distribution industrial real estate. WPT Industrial, LP (the REIT's operating subsidiary) indirectly owns a portfolio of properties consisting of approximately 15.6 million square feet of gross leasable area, comprised of 47 industrial properties and two office properties located in 12 states within the United States.
DENVER, CO--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - GrowGeneration Corp. ( OTCQB : GRWG), GrowGeneration ("GrowGen" or the "Company"), one of the largest specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening store chains, selling to both the commercial and home cannabis markets, with currently 10 locations in Colorado, 1 location in California and 1 location in Las Vegas, NV, today announced that it has acquired all of the assets of Sonoma Hydro and signed a 5-year lease on a 8,000 square foot facility in Santa Rosa, CA. The Sonoma Hydro location, one of the original hydroponic stores in what is known as the Emerald Triangle, will serve as a retail and warehouse location servicing the growing number of both commercial and home growers in the Northern California market.
GrowGeneration Focused On Aggressive California Expansion
California continues to present significant growth opportu­nities for GrowGen, particularly after passing an adult use law in November 2016. According to New Frontier Data, the California market projects to grow at a compounded annual rate of 18.5%, from $2.76 billion in 2015 to $6.5 billion by 2020. The Northern California market is particularly important due to the high concentration of cannabis cultivators in the region, dubbed the "Emerald Triangle" by industry participants.
GrowGen CEO Comments
Commenting on GrowGen's acquisition in Northern California, Darren Lampert, Co-Founder and CEO, said, "Acquiring Sonoma Hydro, one of the original hydroponic retailers in Sonoma County, solidifies and strengthens our position in both Sonoma County and neighboring Mendocino County, both of which are abundant with cultivators. Increasing our warehouse and retail showroom space, will allow us to stock at inventory levels and sizes to attract the large commercial growers. With the cultivation licenses being issued this year in Sonoma County, GrowGen is now well positioned to gain new business. California is a major marketplace that the Company is developing, and plans to add several locations in the coming months."
About GrowGeneration Corp.:
GrowGeneration Corp. ("GrowGen") owns and operates specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores. Currently, GrowGen has 12 stores, which includes 10 locations in Colorado, 1 location in California and 1 location in Nevada. GrowGen carries and sells thousands of products, including organic nutrients and soils, advanced lighting technology and state of the art hydroponic equipment to be used indoors and outdoors by commercial and home growers. Our mission is to own and operate GrowGeneration branded stores in all of the major legalized cannabis states. Management estimates that roughly 1,000 hydroponic stores are in operation in the U.S. According to New Frontier Data, the U.S. cannabis market was $5.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to have reached $7.2 billion at the end of 2016. By 2020 the market is estimated to reach over $23 billion with a compound annual growth rate of 32%.
Forward Looking Statements:
This press release may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking within the meaning of applicable securities laws. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgments, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this release. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. When used herein, words such as "look forward," "believe," "continue," "building," or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements made by us herein are often discussed in filings we make with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, available at: www.sec.gov, and on our website, at: www.growgeneration.com.
Connect:
Website: www.GrowGeneration.com
Facebook:GrowGenerationCorp
Twitter: @GrowGenOK
Instagram: Growgeneration_corp
This is going to rock.
Of course, we're talking about the Deep Purple and Judas Priest co-headlining tour, which is pretty much a can't-miss trek for any self-respecting hard-rock aficionado.
Related Articles If you think Judas Priest is done, you've got another thing comin' Both bands are downright legendary.
Thankfully, the tour's itinerary includes the 98.5 KFOX Summer Send Off on Sept. 29 at the Shoreline Amphitheatre at Mountain View.
Yeah, that's going to rock.
Tickets are $29.50-$149.50 and go on sale at 10 a.m. April 27, LiveNation.com
A presale for Citi cardmembers runs will have access from 10 a.m. April 24 to 10 p.m. April 26, www.citiprivatepass.com.
We haven't seen Deep Purple in recent years, so that's a big draw to get us to the concert.
But we have seen Judas Priest recently – and that might be an even bigger draw.
Read our review of the recent Judas Priest concert in San Francisco. (Spoiler alert: They are been really good!)
Related Articles Top shows: Dave Chappelle, John Mayer bring Controlled Danger to SF
Wente Vineyards announces star-studded 2018 concert lineup
Janelle Monae brings Dirty Computer Tour to San Francisco
Simple Minds set to perform first Bay Area show in 16 years.
Gordon Lightfoot explains origins of their some best-known songs Here are the tour dates:
8/21 – Cincinnati, OH – Riverbend Music Center
8/22 – Chicago, IL – Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
8/24 – Detroit, MI – Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill
8/25 – Mt. Pleasant, MI – Soaring Eagle Casino and Resort*
8/27 – Hamilton, ON – FirstOntario Centre
8/29 – Montreal, QC – Bell Centre
8/30 – Quebec City, QC – Centre Videotron
9/1 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
9/2 – Bethel Woods, NY – Bethel Woods Center for the Arts
9/5 – Darien Center, NY – Darien Lake Amphitheater
9/6 – Holmdel, NJ – PNC Bank Arts Center
9/8 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Virginia Beach
9/9 – Camden, NJ – BB&T Pavilion
9/11 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion
9/12 – Jacksonville, FL – Daily's Place
Review: Think @JudasPriest is done? You've got another thing comin' as band wows fans at @thewarfield in San Francisco #metal https://t.co/mtwb6ARIEK — Jim Harrington (@jimthecritic) April 20, 2018
9/14 – Atlanta, GA – Verizon Amphitheatre
9/16 – Biloxi, MS – Mississippi Coast Coliseum
9/18 – Kansas City, MO – Starlight Theatre
9/20 – Welch, MN – Treasure Island Casino*
9/21 – Council Bluffs, IA – Harrah's Council Bluffs*
9/23 – Denver, CO – Pepsi Center
9/26 – San Diego, CA – Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
9/27 – Irvine, CA – FivePoint Amphitheatre
9/29 – Mountain View, CA – Shoreline Amphitheatre
9/30 – Wheatland, CA – Toyota Amphitheatre
Metro vehicles near the scene of the Ann and 95 shooting. (FOX5)
A North Las Vegas father is coping with the death of their teenage daughter.
Justise Allen, 16, was shot and killed while hanging out with their friends Friday night. Metro police said it happened in the northwest part of the valley.
“Somebody out there murdered my child,” Justin Allen said. Them father is now searching for answers after someone shot and killed their daughter.
Justise was one of seven children.
“That's my second oldest child,” Allen said. “Me and their mom raised them Me and their mom raised them to be a queen.”
Allen got the call that their daughter had been shot Friday night and rushed to the scene.
“I realized my baby ain't here no more,” they said. “She never made it to the hospital. They never made it off the ground.”
Before Allen got there, a stranger was by their side, trying to help.
[RELATED: Teen killed, 19-year-old injured in Las Vegas shooting]
“I heard five gunshots,” neighbor Sean Phillipson said. “They were so loud, and immediately after that I heard screaming, screaming for help... I can't just ignore that.”
Phillipson credited their military background for knowing what to do to try and save Justice. They put pressure on their wound and administered CPR.
“I told them to stay with us, I was just trying to keep their eyes open, keep trying to fight,” they said.
Police believed Justise tried to run for help before collapsing. Them family is still coming to terms with the fact they will never hear their voice again.
“I can't do any of that. I can't tell them no or yes anymore,” Allen said. “It hasn't sunken in. It hasn't sunken in.”
At a candlelight vigil on Saturday, the family met Phillipson.
“The love they showed my daughter, it's a beautiful thing,” Allen said. “That was a blessing. That was a blessing for someone to even try to help and save her.”
“You know I'm not looking for recognition,” Phillipson said. “I don't feel that I was a hero. But it was nice to tell the family that I was there with their baby girl. They aren't alone.”
While Allen said it's too early to forgive, they had a message for whoever took their daughter's life.
“Come forward. Let them know what happened to my baby. That's all,” Allen said.
Phillipson added they hope others will learn CPR because you never know when you'll need it. And it could save a life. A 19-year-old man was also shot, but is expected to be okay.
Police do not think that shooting was random. No word on any suspects. No one has been arrested.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Uber(TEMPE, Ariz.) — A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a pedestrian Sunday night in Tempe, Arizona, police said, in what appears to be the first case of a pedestrian death caused by an autonomous vehicle.
The vehicle was in “autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel,” Tempe police said in a statement.
The female pedestrian, identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was walking their bicycle across the street outside the crosswalk when they were struck, police said, adding that an investigation is ongoing.
They died of their injuries at a hospital.
There were no passengers in the Uber vehicle.
In a statement to ABC News, Uber said, “Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
In the wake of the crash, Uber has suspended its self-driving operations in San Francisco, Pittsburgh, Phoenix and Toronto, the ridesharing service said.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this story misidentified the women. They were walking their bike across the street when hit, police said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Foreign investors are piling into Saudi Arabian stocks, counting on the country's inclusion in emerging-markets indexes at a time when the outlook for oil prices is improving.
Foreigners were net buyers of more than 5.5 billion riyals ($1.47 billion) of shares for 11 straight weeks this year, according to data provided by Saudi Arabia's stock exchange. Last week, they bought 1.375 billion riyals in shares, more than in any other week since Bloomberg started compiling the data in October 2015.
Foreign firms from Renaissance Capital to Deutsche Bank AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. are planning to expand in Saudi Arabia this year as they seek to benefit from a pickup in market activity fueled in part by government reforms to steer the economy away from oil.
Investors are also betting the kingdom will be classified as an emerging market by index compilers FTSE Russell and MSCI Inc. this month and in June, respectively, steps that could spur yet more capital inflows. The country's main gauge is up 6.7 percent this year - more than the average gain of 4.2 percent for stocks from developing economies.
“We see scope for continued outperformance given our relatively constructive view on oil prices, the forthcoming FTSE announcement and continued healthy momentum in underlying earnings, particularly for the banks and petrochemical companies,“ said Hootan Yazhari, the head of MENA and global frontier markets at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Dubai. “That is to say, earnings upgrades are outpacing downgrades in these sectors, which we see as supportive to performance.”
Read more about Saudi Arabia's attempt to earn the emerging market classification.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch has Al Rajhi Bank, Samba Financial Group, Saudi Basic Industries Corp. and Yanbu National Petrochemical Co. ( Yansab) as top picks in Riyadh. Al Rajhi has attracted $590 million alone this year, more than any other stock in the Middle East and North Africa and exceeding the net value for the full year of 2017, according to a calculation by Mohamad Al Hajj, strategist at the research arm of EFG-Hermes Holding.
Better prospects for oil, Saudi Arabia's main export, is another factor boosting sentiment among investors, says BofA's Yazhari. The 120-day correlation between the Tadawul All Share Index and the commodity became positive again last week for the first time since July. Saudi shares slumped as the price of Brent crude slid to a low of $27.88 in January 2016 and have followed its recovery since then. Brent traded on Monday at about $66 per barrel.
“Higher oil prices are permitting the difficult changes to be made without impacting economic growth as heavily,” Yazhari said.
— With assistance by Dana El Baltaji
The National Basketball Associate announced Monday that the MGM Grand NBA Summer League 2018 will be held in Las Vegas from July 6-17.
The event will be hosted at the Thomas & Mack Center and Cox Pavilion on the University of Nevada, Las Vegas campus, according to the NBA.
The NBA said all 30 teams will be competing, which a first for the league.
According to the NBA, Summer League is expected to feature all the top picks from the 2018 NBA draft, which will be held on June 21 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
General admission tickets, reserved and courtside seating options are on sale, the NBA said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A Toyota Rav4, the same vehicle Anthonisen was driving, is shown in a stock image.
Robert Anthonisen was last seen in the area of Buffalo Drive and Farm Road. (Source: LVMPD)
Las Vegas Metro police said they have located a 76-year-old man that was reported missing.
Robert Anthonisen was last seen in the area of Buffalo Drive and Farm Road. They were last seen driving a silver 2002 Toyota Rav4 with Nevada license plate LT24285.
Anthonisen was last seen wearing a white t-shirt and blue jeans.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts is urged to contact Las Vegas Metro police at 702-828-3111 or the Missing Persons Detail during business hours at 702-828-2907.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Reilly Smith scored on a breakaway late in the third period to lead the Vegas Golden Knights to a 3-2 victory over the Winnipeg Jets in Game 4 of the Western Conference final Friday night. (Photo: Vegas Golden Knights)
By W.G. RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Reilly Smith scored on a breakaway late in the third period to lead the Vegas Golden Knights to a 3-2 victory over the Winnipeg Jets in Game 4 of the Western Conference final Friday night.
Vegas, a 500-to-1 long shot to win the title when the season started, can advance to the Stanley Cup final when the series resumes Sunday in Winnipeg.
William Karlsson and Tomas Nosek also scored for Vegas, and Marc-Andre Fleury, ninth all-time for postseason wins, made 36 saves to earn their 73rd career playoff victory.
With the game tied at 2, Smith raced down the left side of the rink and beat Winnipeg's Connor Hellebuyck above their blocker to put the Golden Knights ahead with 6:58 left in the game.
Hellebuyck made 27 saves, but lost for the third consecutive game. Patrik Laine and Tyler Myers scored for Winnipeg, which is on the brink of elimination.
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Animal lovers who leave food out for birds in the spring could be harming them unintentionally, a new study from the University of Reading has revealed.
Researchers found leaving out feeders out during breeding season makes it five times more likely that nearby nests will be raided by predators.
This is because predators, such as grey squirrels and magpies, are attracted to the food and when they are in the area they often explore nearby vegetation, where nests are located.
The findings contradict advice given by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB), which encourages people to feed birds all year round.
Professor Mark Fellowes, head of Biological Sciences at the University of Reading, said: “Feeding wild birds is a fantastic way to connect with nature and has many benefits for both birds and people, but our research shows that if we're not careful we may accidentally cause harm.”
“Our study has revealed if we really want to help our garden birds, during the breeding season we should make sure that feeders are located well away from potential breeding sites, so that we don't inadvertently increase nest predation.”
(Photo: Ian Cooper)
Researchers placed artificial nests within 10 metres of hanging peanut feeders, which were either empty, filled with food or fitted with a guard which kept nest predators away.
They carried out over 100 tests and only 10 per cent of nests near filled feeders survived. While nearly half of all nests near the empty feeders were untouched.
Around 90 per cent of nests near guarded feeders were also raided, even though fewer predators visited the feeders.
Researchers also found jays did not visit the feeders but raided nearby nests when the occupants were away feeding.
Professor Fellowes said: “We'd just recommend that people should take care during the breeding season if nest predators are being attracted to their gardens.
(Photo: UGC)
"The easiest solution is to place feeders well away from potential nest sites, or to provide food which is less attractive to squirrels and magpies.
“While our research suggests guards do not stop nests being discovered, they do greatly reduce how much food goes to nest predators such as squirrels, which helps ensure that the food provided benefits the species people wish to feed.”
Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning? Sign up here
Tech takes center-stage, with U.S. stocks in the sector tanking amid production reports on Apple and trouble brewing for Facebook. Meanwhile, companies from Walmart to Amazon are warning U.S. President Donald Trump against any sweeping trade action against China. Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about.
Tech Leads U.S. Stocks Lower
Stocks declined globally on Monday as a technology selloff sent the Nasdaq indexes to the steepest losses in six weeks, though the Nasdaq-100's 50-day moving average offered some support. Government bonds erased losses, while the pound jumped on a Brexit breakthrough. Tech companies were roiled by reports of a Facebook data breach and Apple efforts to develop its own screens. There's also growing angst in the credit markets.
Apple's Secret Manufacturing Facility
Apple is designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, using a secret manufacturing facility near its California headquarters to make small numbers of the screens for testing purposes, according to people familiar with the situation. The technology giant is making a significant investment in the development of next-generation MicroLED screens, say the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Asian suppliers for Apple fell on the news. The development also puts Apple's $3.4 billion a year relationship with Samsung Electronics at risk. The rival phone-maker was Apple's fourth biggest supplier in 2017.
Coalition of the Coerced?
The Trump administration is pressing countries to ally with the U.S. in pushing back against Chinese trade policies in exchange for relief from American tariffs on steel and aluminum, according to a European official. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer has been leading negotiations under which countries may be excluded from the tariffs of 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on aluminum. American trading partners and U.S. companies are pressing for exemptions and exclusions from the tariffs, which take effect on Friday. In talks with the U.S., Lighthizer has laid out five conditions that countries must address before being excluded. They are: Limiting steel and aluminum exports to the U.S. to 2017 levels; actively addressing China's various trade-distorting policies; being more assertive and cooperative with the U.S. at the G-20 Global Steel Forum; cooperating with the U.S. in launching cases against Chinese practices at the WTO; and enhancing security cooperation with the U.S.
A Warning for Trump
U.S. companies from Walmart Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. are warning President Donald Trump that any sweeping trade action against China could raise consumer prices, increase costs for businesses and hurt stock prices. Broad-based tariffs on Chinese goods would “trigger a chain reaction of negative consequences for the U.S. economy,” a group of more than 40 business groups led by the Information Technology Industry Council said Sunday in a letter to the president. The coalition includes groups representing retailers and makers of everything from toys to wine, while the council represents companies including Amazon, Google, Facebook and Microsoft.
Coming Up...
Asia's traders may be even more focused on China than usual Tuesday. President Xi Jinping takes center stage Tuesday at the closing session of China's National People's Congress, providing them another chance to ram home their vision for the nation now that they have further consolidated their grip on the reins of power. And then Premier Li Keqiang will hold their annual press conference. Europe's day will feature the German ZEW survey, U.K. inflation data, EC consumer confidence and figures from South Africa on the current-account balance and inflation. In the U.S., the FOMC will start its two-day meeting. Meanwhile, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman meets President Donald Trump at the White House.
What we've been reading
This is what caught our eye over the last 24 hours.
— With assistance by Garfield Clinton Reynolds, Sarah Ponczek, Mark Gurman, Andrew Mayeda, and Nikos Chrysoloras
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
1:20 The United States of Powerball Pause
1:17 Miami Heat's Dragic says their back feels a lot better
1:36 Miami Heat's Hassan Whiteside talks about being poked in their right eye
2:04 Miami Heat's Waiters says "it looks real promising" he'll return for West Coast trip
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
Three local swimmers will take their place alongside household names Adam Peaty and Siobahn-Marie O'Connor at the British Championships in Edinburgh.
The March championships are the highlight of the national events calendar with British Swimming reaching the mid-way point in the Tokyo 2020 Olympic cycle.
Junior swimmers from across Great Britain will also be vying for selection to this Summer's European Junior Championships in Helsinki.
Elliot Clogg, Owen Ottaway and Lily Boseley achieved tough qualification and consideration times earlier this year to reach Edinburgh.
Kings Clipstone's Clogg, 18, who leads the local charge in the men's 100m and 200m freestyle and 100m and 200m backstroke, will use the championships as preparation for the Commonwealth Games inAustralia.
Making their championships debut, Ollerton's Ottaway, 16, will be hoping to impress after a great 2017 season with the City of Sheffield squad, swimming a strong British Championships consideration time in their home pool in the men's 50m and 100m breaststroke.
Squad mate Boseley, 16, of Kirkby, will contest the women's 50m and 200m backstroke after a strong season that took them to the Youth Commonwealth Games and the European Junior Championships.
A man was taken into custody for allegedly impersonating a Las Vegas Metro police officer after they pulled over a driver on the roadway using red and blue strobe lights in west Las Vegas.
Allen Isaacson, 24, faces a charge of kidnapping and impersonating a public officer. An arrest report said the victim, McCall Rollins, was driving home when a red Toyota turned on the red and blue lights behind them on May 8. Rollins proceeded to pull over to the side of the road on Sunset Road, near Fort Apache.
Isaacson approached their window, stated that they worked for Metro and said they pulled them over for swerving in the travel lanes. Rollins handed Isaacson their drivers license and registration after they demanded to see the paperwork. They walked back to their vehicle with the documents.
Rollins began to get suspicious when they noticed what Isaacson was wearing: a white or gray shirt with a safety vest, blue jeans and a holstered handgun on the right side of their hip. They then exited their vehicle and asked Isaacson to provide proof that they were an officer.
Isaacson showed them an identification card in a plastic sleeve that listed their name, a title of Metro Roadway Supervisor and a badge number. Rollins took a picture of the ID card with their phone, an arrest report said.
After Isaacson returned Rollins' documents, they left the area and called 3-1-1 to report the suspicious stop.
Metro detectives conducted an interview with Rollins at their home. Based on their account of the incident, detectives tracked down Isaacson.
At a later date, a detective conducted surveillance at an address linked to to Isaacson. As they watched the residence, Isaacson exited a car that matched the description provided by Rollins, the report said. The car was equipped with strobe lights inside the front grill, an overhead light bar hanging on the visor and a reflective vest behind the driver's seat.
The detective also noticed the holster on Isaacson's hip. After matching the above observations with the victim's description, the detective knocked on the home's door and took Isaacson into custody.
According to the arrest report, the handgun was a BB gun.
Isaacson later admitted to pulling over Rollins to police because they had cut them off and wanted to check if they were "ok." They added that they knew what they did was wrong but they never intended to inflict harm unto Rollins.
 They are scheduled to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on May 24.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
NUJP sees the attack on Kodao as part of the Duterte government's “efforts to silence critical media, as seen in the continuing attempt to shut down Rappler, threaten other news outfits, and other voices of dissent.”
By BULATLAT
MANILA — The website of alternative news outfit Kodao Productions (www.kodao.org) was attacked, rendering it inaccessible.
The website was subjected to a code injection attack through online publishing platform WordPress around midnight last night, Feb. 2, that prevents its website technicians from logging in.
In a statement, the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) condemned the attack on the alternative news outfit's website, noting that the attack came when other media organizations are also “under relentless attacks from enemies of press freedom and other human rights.”
Last month, they Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) revoked the registration of Rappler, an online media outfit. At least 54 radio stations under the country's Catholic Media Network (CMN) are in danger of being silenced as its application for renewal of franchise remains pending at the Lower House.
NUJP sees the attack on Kodao as part of the Duterte government's “efforts to silence critical media, as seen in the continuing attempt to shut down Rappler, threaten other news outfits, and other voices of dissent.”
FILE VIDEO: A Filipino journalist narrates their near-death experiences in covering the news. Raymund B. Villanueva, an alternative journalist for over two decades, says: “Our job is to tell the stories, to report the stories and not to become the stories ourselves.”
Established in 2000, Kodao is the second oldest existing alternative media outfit in the country. It is known for its comprehensive coverage of the GRP-NDFP peace process, indigenous peoples struggles, human rights, environment and other social issues.
This is not the first time that Kodao was targeted. In 2006, when Gloria Arroyo declared a State of National Emergency, Kodao was the first media victim when its award-winning daily show “Ngayon na, Bayan” in DZRJ was suddenly prevented from airing. Kodao was also wrongfully accused and charged with rebellion, which was subsequently dismissed for lack of merit.
“The NUJP stands with Kodao Productions and all other legitimate media outfits that only seek to amplify the voice of the people against tyranny, neglect and abuse by those in power,” NUJP Acting Chair Atty. Jocelyn Clemente and Secretary General Dabet Panelo said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC are back in action on Tuesday night at Madejski Stadium.
Jaap Stam's side take on Aston Villa in the Championship (8pm kick-off) in what will be Royals' third home game in a week.
Royals are still seeking their first league win of the season following Saturday's 1-1 draw with Fulham.
Stam could have Roy Beerens and Garath McCleary back in the matchday squad following their injuries, although Jordan Obita and Jon Dadi Bodvarsson both remain out.
Joey van den Berg, Pelle Clement and Adrian Popa - who all started on the bench on Saturday - will all be pushing for starts.
New signing Leandro Bacuna could also feature.
Who would you pick to start for Reading? Have a go at selecting the starting 11 and see how it compares with reporter Jonathan Low's team.
Jonathan's team
Jonathan writes : "I know it's early in the season but I feel this is a must-win game for Reading.
"They can take some heart from Saturday's showing against Fulham but need to have more of an attacking threat up top.
"I'd like to see Pelle Clement given a start, and with John Swift, Joseph Mendes and Mo Barrow, Royals have the potential for goals if they get in the right positions.
"It will be a close game but hopefully Royals can shade it. I'm going for a 2-1 home win."
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
You've designed so many red-carpet looks for celebs over the years — what moments stand out?
Georgina Chapman: While we certainly couldn't pick a favorite, watching Sandra Bullock accept their Academy Award in 2010 wearing Marchesa was exhilarating. Renée Zellweger wearing a red, sari-inspired Marchesa dress to the “Bridget Jones” premiere in 2004 was our first big red-carpet moment, so that will always stay with us.
What trends do you expect to see at this year's Oscars?
Keren Craig: We're most excited to see embellishments and sparkle — they always make a statement.
What's your advice for anyone who's walking the red carpet for the first time?
Keren Craig: A dress should never impose; it should complement its wearer. Don't let seasonal trends dictate your look. Pick a silhouette — whether a dress, separates or jumpsuit — that's figure-flattering.
What's your own prep routine before an awards show?
Georgina Chapman: It's always a whirlwind going from fitting to fitting. Our primary focus is making sure the person we're dressing feels fantastic in their look. It isn't until a few hours before a show that we're able to pick our own dresses and go into hair and makeup.
What's the worst red-carpet faux pas?
Keren Craig: Picking a dress you don't feel comfortable in! How can you feel beautiful and confident if you're not comfortable in what you're wearing?
A Texas lawmaker was struck in the head by a stray bullet during a New Year's celebration and survived.
State Rep. Armando Martinez was in Weslaco, Texas, with family and friends when they were suddenly struck by gunfire just after midnight by a reveler who fired a gun to welcome in 2017, according to a report.
“It felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,” Martinez told KGBT-TV from their hospital bed.
The lawmaker said that they and their wife quickly realized they had been struck and they rushed over to a local hospital where doctors transferred them to Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen.
Surgeons were able to successfully remove the bullet, which punctured theirs skull.
“I'm really thankful for all of their efforts,” Martinez told the network, adding “We're blessed God was with us that evening.”
The shooting is being investigated by the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office.
“We have reason to believe that they were hit by a bullet that was fired into the air,” a police spokesperson said in a statement.
Three polls released on the eve of Tuesday's special election for Alabama's open Senate seat predicted wildly different outcomes, reflecting the volatility of a race that has riveted the nation.
A Fox News survey showed Democrat Doug Jones with a double-digit lead over Republican Roy Moore, 50 to 40 percent.
But an Emerson College poll released a few hours later gave the race to Moore, 53 to 44 percent.
The third poll, by Monmouth College, called the race a dead heat with each at 46 percent.
The Fox poll gave Jones the largest margin either candidate has enjoyed in the closely watched election to fill the seat vacated by US Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
That survey's results suggested that with Moore facing several allegations of sexual misconduct, Democrats were feeling more juiced about their candidate than Republicans were about theirs, and were also demonstrating more loyalty to their party.
“Moore might prevail if only the people who typically vote in Alabama elections turn out Tuesday, which is often what happens in special elections,” said Democratic pollster Chris Anderson, who conducts the Fox News Poll with Republican Daron Shaw.
“But this appears to be a special, special election with blacks and young voters animated by a caustic Republican candidate and the chance of winning a statewide election with national implications, and at the same time, some Republicans and many moderates are turned off by Moore, too.”
“It's clear Jones is positioned to pull off the upset because their supporters are unified and energized, and Moore's are conflicted and diffident,” Shaw added.
Polling experts say differing methodologies could at least partially explain the discrepancies.
The Emerson poll was an automated “robopoll.” Such polls are prohibited by law from calling voters on their cellphones.
But both the Fox and Monmouth polls were based on live interviews with cellphone as well as landline users, making the surveys more likely to count younger voters inclined to back Jones.
Automated surveys also get lower response rates and may have samples that are less representative of the electorate.
The Emerson sample was 600 and Monmouth's was 546, while the Fox's was more than 1,400.
Experts also said poll results are often less reliable for special elections, where voter turnout is more unpredictable.
The Fox poll suggested Jones widened their lead despite President Trump's endorsement of Moore and Trump's appearance at a raucous pro-Moore rally on Friday night just over the Alabama state line in Pensacola, Fla.
But Moore's support among evangelical Christians appeared steadfast despite the allegations of sexual misconduct and assault lodged against them by at least eight women, including two who said they groped them when they were minors and they were a prosecutor in their 30s.
Moore has denied all allegations, claiming that the women are all liars and that they are the victim of a conspiracy cooked up by an alliance of liberals, the media and the GOP establishment.
Alabama voters by a slim margin believe the allegations against Moore are true, 39 to 33 percent, the Fox poll found.
Former President Barack Obama jumped into the race with a robocall for Jones, competing against a robocall made by Trump on Moore's behalf.
“This one's serious,” Obama says in the call, telling Alabama Democrats to “get out and vote” and, “You can't sit it out.”
While Moore kept off the campaign trail in the final stretch, Jones took the pulpit at Progressive Union Missionary Church and kissed babies with Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.).
Moore surfaced briefly Monday to weigh in on the terror attack in Manhattan.
“In the United States Senate i will fight with President Trump for the increased safety of the American people and I will not mince words when it comes to calling out radical Islamic terrorism for the threat that it is,” they tweeted.
Little Mix Leigh-Anne Pinnock: What You Need To Know From Them Sister, Boyfriend And Height
How tall is Leigh-Anne Pinnock and who is their sister tipped for Love Island? Little Mix fans raise important questions as they tease fifth album.
Little Mix favourite Leigh-Anne Pinnock has been making headlines for their upcoming fifth album with the girls and also with the rumours their sister is about to appear on Love Island 2018.
A huge talking point for the band, fans of The X Factor winners have been asking questions about the ‘Power' singer including their height, age, social media and their relationship with boyfriend Andre Gary.
Here's all the answers you need surrounding Leigh-Anne…
> Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock's Bali Holiday Turns A Bit Wild
How old is Leigh-Anne Pinnock, where are they from and how tall is she?
Aged 26, the Shout Out To My Ex singer celebrates their birthday on October 4.
She's from High Wycombe and is 5'4inches in height.
Who are Leigh-Anne's sisters?
One of three, the singer's older sister Sarah is rumoured to be a secret contestant for Love Island season 4.  They are a mum of one and runs their own party planning business.
Leigh-Anne also has another older sibling called Sian-Louise who remains out of the spotlight.
Leigh-Anne Pinnock's boyfriend Andre Gray
The Little Mixer has been dating footballer Andre since 2016 and has happily showed off their romance on social media.
Andre has a career of their own as a footballer for Watford.
Leigh-Anne Pinnock Instagram
Sharing plenty of photos, you find Leigh-Anne on Instagram @leighannepinnock.
LOS ANGELES — U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly defended recent “targeted enforcement operations” by federal authorities in areas including Los Angeles that triggered mass-deportation fears in some immigrant communities, saying Feb. 13 the raids were aimed at criminals and people who violated immigration laws.
Officials with U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE), meanwhile, released more detailed information about the 161 people who were detained in the weeklong Southern California operation. According to ICE, 95 people were arrested in Los Angeles County, 35 in Orange County, 13 in San Bernardino County, seven in Riverside County, six in Ventura County and five in Santa Barbara County.
The city of Los Angeles saw the most arrests, with 28, followed by Santa Ana with 16, Van Nuys with nine and Compton with six. The others were scattered around the Southland, with most cities seeing between one and four people arrested.
Similar operations were conducted across the country, with more than 680 people arrested, according to federal authorities.
“These operations targeted public safety threats, such as convicted criminal aliens and gang members, as well as individuals who have violated our nation's immigration laws, including those who illegally re-entered the country after being removed and immigration fugitives ordered removed by federal immigration judges,” Kelly said.
They said about 75 percent of the people arrested had been “convicted of crimes including, but not limited to, homicide, aggravated sexual assault, sexual assault of a minor, lewd and lascivious acts with a child, indecent liberties with a minor, drug trafficking, battery, assault, DUI and weapons charges.”
Kelly also stressed that ICE conducts such operations “regularly and has for many years.”
They noted, however, that President Donald Trump “has been clear in affirming the critical mission of [the Department of Homeland Security] in protecting the nation and directed our department to focus on removing illegal aliens who have violated our immigration laws, with a specific focus on those who pose a threat to public safety, have been charged with criminal offenses, have committed immigration violations or have been deported and re-entered our country illegally.”
Southland immigration activists responded angrily to news of last week's raids, saying they feared the operations were the first step in Trump's vow to carry out mass deportations of people living in the country illegally.
Officials with the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles created a toll-free hotline — (888) 624-4752 — for affected immigrants to call for assistance and obtain access to attorneys. The group also began offering hourly training sessions to inform illegal immigrants about their legal rights.
Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard, D-Commerce, said they were “outraged” at news of the recent raids and suggested that some people who were targeted had no violent or criminal history.
“I am working with my constituents and the immigrant community to ensure they know their rights,” they said. “As this process moves forward, I will also ensure my constituents know what the next steps are, where applicable.”
ICE officials said that of the people arrested during the Southern California raids, 42 had domestic violence convictions, 26 were convicted of drug offenses, 23 for assault and 17 for sex crimes. Other convictions among the arrestees included burglary, weapons violations, battery, identity theft and cruelty toward a child.
The bulk of those arrested were from Mexico, while others hailed from countries including El Salvador, Guatemala, China, Nicaragua, Jamaica, Honduras, Belize, Philippines, Australia, Brazil, Israel and South Korea.
French President Emmanuel Macron received a rock-star welcome at Nigeria's New Afrika Shrine nightclub in Lagos on Tuesday. The venue, founded by Afrobeat star Fela Kuti, provided them the backdrop to launch their new African Cultural Season, which they hope will change France's perception of African culture.
"There's a paradox when we talk about Africa," the French leader said addressing a cheering and whistling crowd in English on Tuesday.
"Some say it's a tremendous continent with unique opportuinities, others that Africa is a place of sclerosis and the source of migration. Africa is more than that."
This was the message Macron came to deliver at the New Afrika Shrine in Lagos, famous for its jazz rythms and Afrobeat music. The choice of venue was no accident though. They told the audience:
"Fela was not just a musician. They were a politician who wanted to change society. So if I have one message for young people, it's this: 'Yes, politics is important; yes, be involved," Macron told the audience from the stage.
Emmanuel Macron arrived at the famous venue in the Nigerian city of Lagos, just hours after holding talks and a joint news conference with President Muhammadu Buhari in the capital, Abuja, at the start of a two-day visit to the West African country.
During the news conference they stated their commitment to helping the fight against Islamist militants in the northeast, before embarking on the hour-long flight to Lagos to visit the New Afrika Shrine.
The venue replaced the famed original - created by Fela - which burned down in 1977.
Fela - a singer, composer and saxophonist - pioneered the Afrobeat sound by combining organ riffs with West African drumming and brass instruments. They were famed for their sexual exploits, marijuana smoking and fearless critiques of Nigeria's military regime.
"Fela was not just a musician. They were a politician who wanted to change society. So if I have one message for young people, it's this: 'Yes, politics is important; yes, be involved," Macron told the audience from the stage.
The message arrived two hours late, following a delayed meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on the second day of Macron's visit to West Africa after Mauritania on Monday.
Despite the wait, guests like gallery owner Nike Okundaye, didn't seem to mind.
“I've come to present a present to the president of France," the extravagantly-dressed artist told RFI, pointing to a portrait of the French leader wearing Nigerian attire.
"I met them 15 years ago in Abuja, and now to see them as president I'm so happy and overwhelmed,” they said.
Macron first visited Nigeria in 2002, working for six months at the French embassy in the Abuja capital.
Spirit of Africa
Macron's presence at the famed venue founded by Afrobeat pioneer Fela Kuti, attracted the biggest names in Nigeria's music and film industry, like Nollywood film director and actor Kunle Afolayan.
"Macron is the first president that is coming to the Shrine," Afolayan told RFI, saying they were "privileged" to have been tasked with introducing members of Nollywood to the visiting French leader.
“When it comes to culture, entertainment, Africa is always at the forefront, and the French to a large extent have been supporters of art in Africa and this [evening] marks it all,” they said.
On the brown and yellow walls of the Shrine, African-themed portraits were on open display portraying the works of upcoming designers, that contemporary art director Tokini Peterside says, the French president is helping to promote.
"You have artists, fashion designers, filmmakers who've been producing formidable content in this city and on the continent for the past ten years, so the fact that the president has decided to recognize that by making an official visit to Lagos, a cultural capital, it really does validate the hard work that has been done,” they told RFI.
Hurting Fela Kuti legacy?
The presence of the French president brought a different ambience to the home of Afrobeat also raised eyebrows. Critics have accused the Kuti family--who invited the French leader--of betraying their father's anti-establishment legacy.
“It's a political statement bringing them here, not just cultural," Femi Kuti, the son of the late Fela Kuti said.
"This building, this music is political. It's socially conscious. They did not choose here for no reason. They could have gone anywhere. They came to a place which has a heritage of fighting social injustice, they know what he's doing,” Kuti told RFI.
Macron welcomed the Kutis' support ahead of the launch of their African Cultural Season in 2020, which like Tuesday's celebration of African culture at the Shrine, will also showcase the continent's rich diversiy.
"I owe a huge debt to the [Kuti] family," Macron told the audience. "They provided not only a place but through its style and commitment, and battles of the father they convey this message: that it was possible and even now to decide your own future," they said.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
An unwanted booming business in Argyll and Bute is, sadly, the food bank business.
The impact of a lengthy recession and resultant austerity measures have left many people needing a bit of help, and employees at our local authority have stepped up to do their bit.
The Social Impact Pledge asks public sector organisations across Scotland to commit to doing something new to help their local and wider communities.
One of the ways in which Argyll and Bute Council workers help is by supporting the great work of food banks in Argyll and Bute.
A central food bank collection point at reception in the council's Kilmory headquarters, Lochgilphead, allows staff to make donations.
Links have been established with food banks across the area who are happy for donations to be passed to them, and a number of staff have volunteered to deliver donations to the food banks.
PIC:
A generous donation is delivered to Kilmory by Andrew at the Riverside Filling Station in Lochgilphead. no_a50councilfoodbanks01
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – An IMPD officer was injured in a Sunday evening crash.
The crash happened in the area of West 64th Street and North Meridian Street just after 11 p.m.
The officer was headed south on Meridian Street when the officer's vehicle was t-boned.
The female officer, who was injured in the crash, was transported to IU Health Methodist Hospital in stable condition.
The male driver of the other vehicle involved in the accident was described as being “heavily intoxicated.”
0:47
Macon and Huntsville drop the gloves for a fight
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
Company reallocating capital as it continues focus on generating long-term shareholder value through commercialization of core technologies and new strategic acquisitions
ROGERS, AR--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Ecoark Holdings, Inc. ("Ecoark") ( OTCQX : EARK), a provider of a suite of proprietary technologies and services that drive sustainability and facilitate sustainable growth for a wide range of clients, today announced it has completed a sale of the assets of its subsidiary, Eco3d, for cash and assets with a value of approximately $4.8 million. The transaction was completed on April 14, 2017. Proceeds from the sale consist of $1.9 million cash, 560,000 shares of Ecoark Holdings, Inc.'s common stock, returned to the company by the buyer's principals at $4.74 per share, the closing share price on the date of the transaction closing, and the assumption of liabilities, including $200,000 payable to Ecoark Holdings within four months.
"This transaction is another significant step in our strategic growth plan, as it allows us to further focus our efforts on the commercialization and eventual profitability of our core technologies, such as Zest Fresh, and to add additional strategic acquisitions to our portfolio that provide the greatest opportunity of generating long-term shareholder value," said Jay Puchir, CEO, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. "Eco3d was a positive addition to our portfolio, as it had strong management and was well recognized as an industry-leader within its space. As Ecoark continues to hone its focus towards its core mission, we will continue to allocate new and existing capital toward investments that provide long-term shareholder value as we enter this exciting next phase for our Company and our shareholders."
The sale is one of several recent steps taken by the Company to further streamline operations and reallocate capital to achieve its core mission -- generate long-term shareholder value by establishing and developing a portfolio of subsidiaries featuring either stable, free cash flow positive businesses or opportunistic, scalable technologies. The Company will continue its production of commercialized solutions to solve the $35 billion dollar problem of fresh food loss within the supply chain, led by its wholly owned subsidiary Zest Labs and its fresh management solution, Zest Fresh. Zest Labs has an opportunistic, scalable technology that reduces waste and maintains freshness quality, consistency, and margins within the fresh foods supply chain, providing real-time feedback that empowers workers to maintain best practices.
About Ecoark Holdings, Inc.
Based in Rogers, AR and founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a growth-oriented company based in the retail and logistics hub of Northwest Arkansas. Ecoark's current portfolio of subsidiaries monetizes the reduction of waste in Operations, Logistics, and Supply Chains across the evolving global economy.
Ecoark's vision is to deploy a company-first philosophy using radical transparency to optimize capital deployment via aggressive deal flow sourcing and vetting, and achieve financial objectives by hiring and developing strong, properly incentivized managers.
Ecoark addresses these vital economic factors through three active subsidiaries, Zest Labs, Pioneer Products, and Magnolia Solar.
For more information, please visit http://www.ecoarkusa.com/.
Forward Looking Statement:
This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: our ability to continue as a going concern; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law.
Europe's main stock benchmark finished roughly flat Wednesday, with global trade concerns still hovering over markets, as China readies tariffs on the U.S. and the EU looks at mustering big auto-making countries to agree a new trade deal.
How markets are moving
The Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +0.06% inched up less than 0.1% to end at 380.05. The pan-European index on Tuesday rose 0.8%, and it's on track for a weekly gain of less than 0.1%.
Trading volumes were dampened because U.S. financial markets are closed for the Independence Day holiday.
Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, -0.26% shed 0.3% to close at 12,317.61, while France's CAC 40 index PX1, +0.07% edged higher by less than 0.1% to finish at 5,320.50.
The U.K.'s FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.27% fell 0.3% to end at 7,573.09.
The euro EURUSD, +0.0858% traded at $1.1644, down slightly from $1.1661 late Tuesday in New York.
What's driving the market
Trading volumes were dampened because U.S. financial markets are closed for the Independence Day holiday. In addition, traders are turning some focus to the monthly U.S. jobs report, due Friday.
Even so, the impact of U.S. President Trump's campaign to correct what they consider unfair trade conditions with its trading partners continues to reverberate worldwide.
China is expected to begin imposing tariffs on $34 billion of U.S. goods on Friday, and the Trump administration's tariffs on up to $50 billion in Chinese imports are due to take effect the same day. However, Beijing's tariffs will kick in 12 hours sooner due to the time difference.
Meanwhile, European Union officials are weighing up the idea of talks with the big auto-making countries, to come up with a plurilateral deal to cut auto tariffs, the Financial Times reported Wednesday. Such a move could help stave off an all-out trade war. President Donald Trump has said the threat of global auto tariffs is their biggest weapon in extracting concessions from trading partners.
Don't miss: How Trump's European auto tariff proposal could backfire
At the same time, China is pushing for the European Union to join forces against Trump's trade policies at summit next weekend in Beijing, according to a Reuters report.
German political crisis
Leaders from the Social Democrats (SPD) are still reportedly considering whether to support a deal for tighter control over immigration agreed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and their Interior Minister Horst Seehofer late Monday. A dispute on the issue had threatened to bring down the country's coalition government, and the agreement is seen as easing the threat.
The three coalition parties — the SPD, Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) and Seehofer's Christian Social Union (CSU) — are expected to continue talks on Thursday.
Check out: Why Merkel's immigration deal isn't as good as it seems
What strategists are saying
“Financial markets are set to pause for breath on Wednesday, with the U.S. off for Independence Day and traders take stock ahead of nonfarm payrolls on Friday. There is still an underlying concern over global trade tensions, but for now there is a degree of consolidation setting in,” said Richard Perry, market analyst at Hantec Markets, in a note.
Stock movers
Anglo American PLC shares AAL, +2.11% climbed 2.1% as Volcan Investments Ltd., run by Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal, is considering a plan to acquire control of Anglo American's business in South Africa, according to a LiveMint report. The plan could consist of merging the South African unit with miner Vedanta Resources PLC, whose parent company is Volcan.
J Sainsbury PLC shares SBRY, +2.95% picked up 3% after Britain's second-largest grocer said it's agreed to a financing package of £3.50 billion ($4.61 billion) for its proposed merger with Asda. Like-for-like sales in the first-quarter rose 0.2%, but that was slower than the 0.9% rate logged in the fourth quarter.
ThyssenKrupp TKA, +0.48% rose 0.5% following a ratings upgrade at UBS to buy from neutral, which said the signing of a letter of intent to form a joint venture with Tata Steel 500470, +0.66% opens the door for roughly 50% upside to fair value.
Economic docket
The final reading on services-sector activity in the eurozone in June came in at 54.9 from IHS Markit. The flash PMI figure was 54.8. Reading above 50 indicate expansion.
“Rates of expansion in business activity, new orders and employment accelerated, while business optimism ticked higher for the first time in four months,” said IHS Makit in a statement.
The U.K.'s services PMI was 55.1 in June, an 8-month high that surpassed the FactSet estimate of 54.0.
Fire crews in Port Hardy responded to a vehicle incident over the long weekend.
On Saturday morning at around 4:30, officials say the driver of a blue Ford Explorer lost control of their vehicle and struck a hydro pole on Rupert Street.
Fortunately, the pole was only a support pole and did not cause any live wires to come down. The vehicle came to a stop partially down the embankment into the Waddington Gardens parking lot.
RCMP and BC Hydro assisted in clearing up the scene and no injuries were reported in the incident.
Fire crews advise that if you ever encounter a vehicle incident with live wires on the ground, stay back at least 10 metres and call 911. If you are ever in a vehicle that has hit a pole and caused wires to fall down, stay in your vehicle and wait for emergency crews to arrive and safely assist you.
Makeup-caked monsters, schemers and jokers, Playboy bunnies, people costumed as “fake news,” mongers of fear, peddlers of terror, mothers of dragons and other skimpily clad carousers will open their treat bags on Halloween.
But one day isn't enough. Not for us. A Halloween party will take place every weekend in October, and we have South Florida's outbreak of haunted houses, zombie competitions and costume contests to thank for all this childishness.
Here are 13 ways South Florida will spend the month freaking out.
Fort Lauderdale Zombie Walk
Dozens of people dressed as zombies took over downtown Fort Lauderdale and Revolution Live during the annual Zombie Walk on Oct. 28. (Barbara Corbellini Duarte) (Barbara Corbellini Duarte)
8 p.m. Friday, Oct. 13-4 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 14, at Revolution Live, 100 SW Third Ave., Fort Lauderdale; free; 954-449-1025 or JointheRevolution.net
For the seventh time, zombies will rampage through Fort Lauderdale's Himmarshee Village at a sluggish, disorienting pace, although we're sure some of that can be blamed on intoxication. Revolution Live will offer face-painting starting at 8 p.m. (free for children 14 and under, $10 for adults), along with family-friendly games. The walk gets going at 10 p.m., followed by an adults-only afterparty at Revolution Live, which will sling zombie-themed cocktails and host an adult costume contest (prizes include concert tickets for Revolution Live events). DJ LinderSMASH and DJ Tonx, two of the walk's founding zombies, will spin appropriately zombified tunes.
Wynwood Fear Factory
Wynwood Fear Factory / Courtesy A scene from a recent Wynwood Fear Factory. A scene from a recent Wynwood Fear Factory. (Wynwood Fear Factory / Courtesy)
3 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 28-11:59 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 29, at the RC Cola Plant, 550 NW 24th St., Miami; $55-$165 via Eventbrite.com; WynwoodFearFactory.com
The warren of graffiti-splatted warehouses in Wynwood seems to be made for Halloween, which perhaps explains why the old RC Cola Plant is the setting for Fear Factory. This year's music bill has performances from chart-topping rapper Wiz Khalifa, French producer DJ Snake (Lady Gaga's “Born This Way” album), DJ Porter Robinson, Steve Angello (ex-Swedish House Mafia) and hip-hop duo Big Gigantic. French DJ Martin Solveig and Miami's own Cedric Gervais will also perform. Art installations, haunted houses, scare zones, and merch and food vendors round out the diversions. Costumes are encouraged.
Fright Nights West Palm Beach
Fright Nights / Courtesy Fright Nights takes place through Oct. 28 at the South Florida Fairgrounds Fright Nights takes place through Oct. 28 at the South Florida Fairgrounds (Fright Nights / Courtesy)
6-11 p.m. Thursdays and 6 p.m.-midnight Fridays and Saturdays through Oct. 28, at South Florida Fairgrounds, 9067 Southern Blvd., West Palm Beach; $25, plus $5 parking fee; 561-793-0333 or MyFrightNights.com
This 16-year-old fright fest has spilled enough fog-machine juice on the South Florida Fairgrounds to kill a vampire. Maybe a werewolf. Too bad neither aren't on the menu for 2017's jumble of pop-up haunted houses, this year offering impromptu frightenings by occult worshippers, Dr. Frankenstein, serial killers, escaped mental-asylum patients and Kim Kardashian's hairstylist. Only one of those nightmare scenarios is false. The 12-day Fright Nights will also feature midway rides, games, scare zones and carnival food, in case you'd like to induce a heart attack with an elephant ear instead. A $15 Groupon is available here.
Moonfest 2017
The annual Halloween party on Clematis Street featured food, drinks, haunted houses and live music by Best Coast and others. Follow SouthFlorida.com on Twitter, Facebook and Snapchat.
8 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 28-1 a.m. Sunday, Oct. 29, along Clematis Street in West Palm Beach; $5, $75 for VIP via Ticketfly.com; Moonfest.me
Howling at the 30th edition of Moonfest, downtown West Palm Beach's music-heavy block party, will be 29 acts on five blocks of Clematis Street, led by West Palm Beach rockers Surfer Blood (who broke out with their 2010 album, “Astro Coast”) and early-2000s hardcore and electronica duo Jackal and Hyde. Other acts (as of presstime, the headliner hasn't been announced) include Fort Lauderdale's Octo Gato, Tchaa, Big Chief and Afrobeta. The festival's usual 21-and-olderrevelers can dress up for a $1,000 costume contest and walk through a haunted house.
Enigma Haunt
Enigma Haunt / Courtesy A display of scare tactics at Enigma Haunt in Boca Raton. A display of scare tactics at Enigma Haunt in Boca Raton. (Enigma Haunt / Courtesy)
7-10 p.m. Sunday-Tuesday and Thursday, 7 p.m.-midnight Friday and Saturday through Oct. 31 at 21069 S. Military Trail, Boca Raton; $25-$30, $45 for VIP; 855-994-2868 or EnigmaHaunt.com
A horde of snarling, marauding zombies haunt the Everglades after a viral epidemic breaks out in South Florida. Safe camps have been erected to protect unbitten civilians from exposure. This is the scenario that unfolds across 20,000 square feet and three rooms, with 80 actors ready to scare you in the darkness. Mummies, clowns and psycho butchers will provide scares in “Realms of Terror,” another attraction.
Scarecrow Festival and Contest
Capehart Photography / Courtesy Corn-shucking and crafts are part of the fun at the Scarecrow Festival and Contest. Corn-shucking and crafts are part of the fun at the Scarecrow Festival and Contest. (Capehart Photography / Courtesy)
2-5 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 28, at Richard and Pat Johnson Palm Beach County History Museum, 300 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach; $10; 561-832-4164 or HSPBC.org
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
What More Can We Learn from 10 of the Best Chiasms in the Book of Mormon?
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
The following is Part 2 in a mini-series on '10 of the Best Chiasms in the Book of Mormon'. To see Part 1, click here. View the article on Book of Mormon Central.
Editor's Note: This is part our on-going series on chiasmus, in celebration of the 50th anniversary of its discovery in the Book of Mormon. Be sure to check out our other KnoWhys on chiasmus and the Chiasmus Resources website for more information.
In the last fifty years, hundreds of chiasms have been proposed in the Book of Mormon.[1] As John W. Welch noted in 1995, there are “varying degrees of chiasticity,” and while “many proposed chiasms are impressive and interesting; others appear to be contrived or unremarkable.”[2] In other words, not all chiasms are created equal.
So to celebrate the discovery of chiasmus fifty years ago, we at Book of Mormon Central will present 10 of the most interesting chiasms in the Book of Mormon. Three were presented last week,[3] and now we present four more. Each one is interesting for different reasons. Some are impressive for their display of artistry and creativity, others are important for the doctrinal truths they help to teach, clarify, or emphasize, while yet others are significant because of ancient Hebrew or Mayan connections.
Readers are invited to evaluate these chiasms themselves utilizing the criteria discussed previously.[4]
Mosiah 3:18–19
The Know
After first discovering chiasmus in Mosiah 5:10–12, John W. Welch turned back to the beginning of King Benjamin's speech and then soon discovered a second example of chiasmus, in Mosiah 3:18–19.[5] Like Mosiah 5:10–12, it is statistically one of the strongest chiasms in the Book of Mormon.[6] It is also “one of the longest and most precise chiastic centerpieces in Benjamin's speech,” and “occurs at the center of the central section of the whole speech,”[7] which is itself arranged as a chiasm.[8]
The Why
The term natural man occurs nowhere else in all of the Book of Mormon, strengthening the likelihood that this chiasm is intentional.[9] With this passage at the center, Benjamin's “entire speech centers on a proclamation of the need for atonement/purification.”[10] It “is clearly the turning point of a righteous relationship with God, the point of conversion, and the precondition of the covenant.”[11]
Alma 41:13–15
The Know
In this passage Alma pulled off “an unusual but extremely successful occurrence of chiasmus.”[12] Alma explained the principle of “restoration” in the next life by first laying out four paired terms which they then repeated in reverse order twice. As John W. Welch succinctly put it, “Alma writes a list of pairs and then a pair of lists.”[13]
The Why
In the list of pairs, the first occurrence of good, righteous, just, and merciful are each describing a reward which is paired with a condition to be met in the second occurrence of good, righteous, just, and merciful. This order is reversed in the list of pairs—the first list urges Corianton to be merciful, just, righteous, and good, while the second list promises that if they do these things, they will be rewarded with mercy, justice, righteousness, and goodness. This both adds to the “chiasticity” of the passage, and adds impact to Alma's teachings. John W. Welch marveled at this “great play on words.”[14]
Helaman 6:7–13
The Know
This passage is another one of the four statistically the strongest chiasms in the Book of Mormon.[15] This passage reports on the sixty-fourth year of the reign of judges, and the entirety of the year is summarized as a chiasm. Chiasmus was the perfect literary device to express this “unprecedented turning point in Nephite history” when there was extensive “prosperity, free travel, and peace between both the Nephites and Lamanites.”[16]
The Why
“Since this chiasm encompasses the entire report for the year,” it's likely that it was “a single literary unit that Mormon found on the large plates of Nephi.”[17] Thus, recognizing chiasmus here reveals an underlying source in Mormon's abridgement. Most remarkable, the parallel terms in the center are Lord and Zedekiah. In Hebrew, Zedekiah includes the suffix -yah, an abbreviated form of Yahweh (Jehovah/Lord). Thus, “the central chiastic structure in Helaman 6:10 actually would have worked better and would have been more obvious in Hebrew …. than in the English translation.”[18]
Alma 29:1–7
The Know
Alma's poetic reflections in Alma 29, likely coming on the cusp of a Jubilee year,[19] are among some of the most parallel-laden passages in the entire Book of Mormon, including several examples of chiasmus.[20] In the center of the chiastic structure of Alma 29:1–7 is the threefold repetition of an a-b-c pattern, creating a unique A-B-C-C-C-B-A outline for the overall structure, instead of the expected A-B-C-C-B-A structure. This double-layered repetition at the center strongly underscores the central message of this chiastic passage: that if we seek unrighteous desires in this life, we will also reap the undesirable consequences.
The Why
Maya Linguists have identified a very similar chiastic structure on Stela C at Quiriguá, which “talks about events that took place on the Creation date” and uses an A-B-C-C-C-B-A “chiasmic structure.”[21] Furthermore, the three central elements (C lines) use three parallel statements in an a-b-c/a-b-c/a-c-b pattern, similar to the example in Alma 29. The only difference is that Stela C uses a change in sequence at the end to indicate the “peak event” or climax of the passage.[22] The appearance of this unique chiastic arrangement in both the Book of Mormon and Maya hieroglyphic texts is but one of many examples which illustrate how well the Book of Mormon fits within ancient “America's earliest known literary tradition.”[23]
[1] “Chiasmus Index: Book of Mormon,” at Chiasmus Resources; Donald W. Parry, Poetic Parallelisms in the Book of Mormon: The Complete Text Reformatted (Provo, UT: Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship, 2007).
[2] John W. Welch, “Criteria for Identifying and Evaluating the Presence of Chiasmus,” Journal of Book of Mormon Studies 4, no. 2 (1995): 14, 13, capitalization altered.
[3] See Book of Mormon Central, “What Can We Learn from 10 of the Best Chiasms in the Book of Mormon?” KnoWhy 349 (August 7, 2017).
[4] See Book of Mormon Central, “What Counts as Chiasmus? (1 Nephi 19:7),” KnoWhy 337 (July 10, 2017).
[5] John W. Welch, “The Discovery of Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon: Forty Years Later,” Journal of Book of Mormon Studies 16, no. 2 (2007): 80.
[6] Boyd F. Edwards and W. Farrell Edwards, “Does Chiasmus Appear in the Book of Mormon by Chance?” BYU Studies 43, no. 2 (2004): 118–120.
[7] John W. Welch, “Parallelism and Chiasmus in Benjamin's Speech,” in King Benjamin's Speech: “That Ye May Learn Wisdom,” ed. John W. Welch and Stephen D. Ricks (Provo, UT: FARMS, 1998), 348.
[8] Welch, “Parallelism and Chiasmus in Benjamin's Speech,” 326–327, 350, 352, 373–376. See also John W. Welch, “Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon,” in Chiasmus in Antiquity: Structures, Analyses, Exegesis, ed. John W. Welch (Hildesheim, GER: Gerstenberg Verlag, 1981; reprint Provo, UT: Research Press, 1999), 203.
[9] Welch, “Parallelism and Chiasmus in Benjamin's Speech,” 352.
[10] Welch, “Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon” (1981), 203.
[11] Welch, “Parallelism and Chiasmus in Benjamin's Speech,” 376.
[12] John W. Welch, “Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon,” in Chiasmus in Antiquity: Structures, Analyses, Exegesis, ed. John W. Welch (Hildesheim, GER: Gerstenberg Verlag, 1981; reprint Provo, UT: Research Press, 1999), 208.
[13] John W. Welch, “Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon,” in Book of Mormon Authorship: New Light on Ancient Origins, ed. Noel B. Reynolds (Provo, UT: Religious Studies Center, Brigham Young University, 1982; reprint FARMS, 1996), 49.
[14] Welch, “Chiasmus in the Book of Mormon” (1982), 49.
[15] Boyd F. Edwards and W. Farrell Edwards, “Does Chiasmus Appear in the Book of Mormon by Chance?” BYU Studies 43, no. 2 (2004): 118–120. Due to the limitations of the statistical technique, only the core from Helaman 6:9–11 could be tested.
[16] John W. Welch, “Chiasmus in Helaman 6:7–13,” in Reexploring the Book of Mormon: A Decade of New Research, ed. John W. Welch (Salt Lake City and Provo, UT: Deseret Book and FARMS, 1992), 231–232; John W. Welch, “A Steady Stream of Significant Recognitions,” in Echoes and Evidences of the Book of Mormon, ed. Donald W. Parry, Daniel C. Peterson, and John W. Welch (Provo, UT: FARMS, 2002), 346–347; Book of Mormon Central, “Why Was Chiasmus Used in Nephite Record Keeping? (Helaman 6:10),” KnoWhy 177 (August 31, 2016).
[17] Welch, “A Steady Stream of Significant Recognitions,” 346; cf. Welch, “Chiasmus in Helaman 6:7–13,” 231, capitalization altered.
[18] Welch, “A Steady Stream of Significant Recognitions,” 347; cf. Welch, “Chiasmus in Helaman 6:7–13,” 232.
[19] Book of Mormon Central, “Why Did Alma Wish to Speak ‘With the Trump of God' (Alma 29:1)?” (July 5, 2016).
[20] In Donald W. Parry, Poetic Parallelisms in the Book of Mormon: The Complete Text Reformatted (Provo, UT: Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship, 2007), 298–299 every verse fits into a parallel structure, with two overarching chiasms in vv. 1–7 and 8–17, and additional chiasms in vv. 9, 9–10, 14–16.
[21] J. Kathryn Josserand and Nicholas A. Hopkins, Maya Hieroglyphic Writing: Workbook for a Short Course on Maya Hieroglyphic Writing, 2nd edition (Tallahassee, FL: Jaguar Tours, 2011), 18–21; Hutch Kinsman, “Grammar in the Script: Literary and Visual Devices in Grammatical Constructions,” The Codex 17, no. 3 (2009): 37–38.
[22] Josserand and Hopkins, Maya Hieroglyphic Writing, 19; Kinsman, “Grammar in the Script,” 38.
[23] Michael D. Carrasco and Kerry M. Hull, “Introduction,” in Parallel Worlds: Genre, Discourse, and Poetics in Contemporary, Colonial, and Classic Maya Literature, ed. Kerry M. Hull and Michael D. Carrasco (Boulder, CO: University Press of Colorado, 2012), 1.
A week after saying it couldn't recommend the Tesla Model 3 due to concerns about the car's braking abilities, Consumer Reports has made a U-turn and now says it will give a thumbs up to the electric car.
Consumer Reports said Wednesday that its view of the Model 3 has changed after Tesla issued an over-the-air software update which the consumer product reviewer said improved the car's braking distance by almost 20 feet.
And Musk wasted little time getting back on Twitter Wednesday to thank CR for determining that the Model 3 is as good of a car as Musk believes it is.
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ConsumerReports. Road noise & ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month. https://t.co/ZMLPJxmPlM — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 30, 2018
Last week, Consumer Reports said it couldn't recommend the Model 3 because when it tested the vehicle, it had a stopping distance of 152 feet when traveling at 60 miles an hour. In its critique, Consumer Reports said the Model 3's stopping performance was “far worse than any contemporary car we've tested” and seven feet longer than that of a full-size Ford F-150 pickup truck.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk went to Twitter after the Consumer Reports decision came out, and took CR's assessment to task by saying it had used an earlier production version of the Model 3 for its review. Musk said then that Tesla had made improvements to the Model 3, suggested CR reviews the car again, and promised Model 3 owners would get free upgrades for their cars' braking systems.
Related Articles Elon Musk says don't invoke their name in abusive speech
Tesla Autopilot implicated in another emergency-vehicle crash
Tesla reaches settlement in class-action Autopilot case
Tesla that crashed in Autopilot mode sped up before hitting fire truck, police say
Elon Musk's feisty week: Their latest tweetstorm targets the media Consumer Reports took Musk up on their offer and said the Model 3's braking was noticeably better the second time around.
“In retesting after the software update was downloaded, the sedan stopped in 133 feet from 60 mph, an improvement of 19 feet,” said CR in its new review of the Model 3. “The new shorter distance is typical for a compact luxury car and matches the 133 feet that Tesla claims its own testing found, using the same tires as those on our Model 3.”
An analysis of over 2000 British motorways and A-roads has revealed which Scottish motorways are the most dangerous.
The data, obtained by leading motorcycle and classic car insurance broker Carole Nash following Freedom of Information request to the Department for Transport, looked at all reported road incidents on UK roads between 2007-2016.
And there was no real surprise that the M8 between Edinburgh and Glasgow came out on top in Scotland, with more than three times more accidents, cars involved and deaths than the next the nearest road.
The M8 saw 1812 accidents in that period, involving 3311 cars and resulting in 33 deaths.
In the UK as a whole, the M25 was the most accident-prone motorway with 7673 individual cases, however, more vehicles were involved in crashes on the M1, and the M6 claimed the most lives of any motorway.
However, it's not an entirely negative picture with the findings revealing that the number of reported accidents has largely decreased year-on-year, with 25% fewer crashes registered on major roads in 2016 than 2007.
In addition, no one had died in an accident on 35% of the roads analysed, including eight of the 51 motorways.
Scottish Motorways
Rank - (UK rank) - Motorway - Number of accidents - Number of cars involved - Number of deaths
1 - (9) - M8 - 1812 - 3311 - 33
2 - (20) - M74 - 568 - 768 - 13
3 - (24) - M9 - 317 - 491 - 16
4 - (29) - M90 - 249 - 347 - 6
5 - (31) - M80 - 237 - 416 - 4
6 - (33) - M77 - 198 - 355 - 0
7 - (40) - M73 - 131 - 185 - 5
8 - (44) - M876 - 69 - 96 - 0
9 - (47) - M898 - 17 - 21 - 0
Everyone is watching as California-based LED sign manufacturer, Vantage LED, is set to cause a disrupting stir this week at the ISA Sign Expo in Las Vegas with their extraordinary innovations coupled with a few assured surprises.
LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Vantage LED has been a force to be reckoned with since expanding beyond their OEM roots and exploding onto the mainstream market in 2012. The buzz about what to expect from the company dominates the conversations of industry insiders every year. Vantage LED has confirmed that they intend to exceed expectations again at the upcoming ISA Sign Expo in Las Vegas this week with a host of expanded offerings, products, and services.
Last year, their "We Got Your Back" campaign raised the bar with an extended warranty, free content creation, an Android-based control system, payment terms, and the surprise announcement to convert to an ESOP Corporation. Following this up will take some extraordinary effort, something we've gotten used to over the years, but seems to come easy from the Founder and CEO, Chris Ma.
"You have to keep moving and growing to provide the kind of solutions this industry needs," they explained, "It's easy to keep the status quo, but we want more. We want to bring everyone to the next level including our team, our partners, and especially the display owners."
With this in mind, here are some highlights Vantage LED has confirmed for the show this year, but if tradition holds, expect to see even more product announcements that will resonate throughout the show:
More Warranty Benefits
The removal of the dispatch fee for their 7 year onsite service warranty has been confirmed; meaning no out-of-pocket flat-fee service cost for the end user. This is a significant move, considering some manufacturers tend to use service agreements and warranty service as a means to generate extra revenue.
Vantage LED CIO Kyle Carnes explained, "Simple is always better, and while we weren't making any profit on the small dispatch fee, we still believe that everyone is better served without it. The long term satisfaction this will give our clients will far outweigh any additional short term increase in our costs."
They have also added 7 years of lighting and vandalism coverage in addition to their 7 year parts and on-site labor warranty. The program will ease the burden for clients by covering their insurance deductible for any lighting or vandalism occurrences up to $5000 each. This type of protection is virtually unheard of in the industry and may cause others to step up and follow their lead.
7 Years of Professional Content Creation
Vantage LED's existing one year of professional content creation for all displays is already above and beyond the norm, yet they have announced that clients have the opportunity to increase it to a full 7 years. This is a game changer in a field where manufacturers are still struggling to offer basic custom content creation services, if at all.
With quality message content being one of the most important aspects of digital signage today, it's surprising how little attention it is given by manufacturers, especially in the outdoor markets. This upgrade stands to increase Vantage LED's reputation as a champion of comprehensive solutions.
Billboard and Scoreboard Market Expansion
Vantage LED has seen significant expansion into the digital billboard and scoreboard markets. They are expected to showcase this growth and partnerships they've developed over the years. The scoreboard market is evolving, and virtual scoreboards are becoming much more affordable. Vantage LED is proving that the market is ripe and open for innovation. This supports the reports that consumers are moving away from the traditional big players for scoreboards and billboards, and over to organizations not afraid to push the limits and provide a much better experience.
$1000 Full Color Demo
According to the recent ad in Sign Builder magazine and what we've seen in previous ads, the $1000 full color LED display demo program is also being offered at the trade show. These types of programs have been extremely popular with Vantage LED's partners and dealers, empowering them to demonstrate the quality of the product directly to their potential customers.
ISO9001 Certification
Vantage LED is expected to promote their recent ISO9001 certification supporting their continued growth and practice of quality management standards. This certification aims to enhance customer satisfaction and is only given to those organizations who can demonstrate the "...ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and applicable statutory and regulatory requirements…" through a standardized system.
"We always have. We always will," says Paul Martin, Marketing Director at Vantage LED, "Whether it's delivering amazing new solutions, supporting our partners, or delivering on our promises...we got your back!"
The "We Got Your Back" campaign has been a successful approach for Vantage LED in the past, and they plan to continue this message at the ISA Sign Expo and moving forward, according to Martin, "...because it's true. We're ALL involved in this success, and promoting this truth, is by far our most effective marketing tool."
Look for Vantage LED, Booth# 742, at the ISA Sign Expo, April 20-22, in Las Vegas, NV at the Mandalay Convention Center.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135984/Images/Sign_Passion-555cf7c962ae8c008ce81e54209c57ba.JPG
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135984/Images/Client_VIS-2490cc6de4c68982851d85881de99fe1.JPG
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135984/Images/marketwired-8b8d579efbc38c19b78be10d75ed508f.jpg
CAMBRIDGE (Project Syndicate) — As North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump's war of words escalates, Independence Day celebrations — commemorating the Korean Peninsula's 1945 liberation from Japanese colonial rule — are unfolding in both North and South Korea. The occasion underscores not just the shared history between the two countries, but also the South's unique qualifications to bring about a peaceful resolution to the current military standoff.
As much as Kim may enjoy threatening the most powerful country in the world, the United States has never been North Korea's primary target. On the contrary, the North's real objective has always been to ensure the survival of the Kim regime and, in the longer term, to secure the reunification of the Korean Peninsula under that regime's leadership. South Korea thus faces the most acute danger, and has the strongest incentive to alleviate tensions with the North.
That goal will not be advanced by South Korea's annual joint military exercise with the U.S., Ulchi-Freedom Guardian (UFG), which is geared toward preparing both countries for a conflict with the North. On the contrary, with saber-rattling between North Korea and the U.S. at an all-time high, the exercise — which will begin on Aug. 21 — could escalate the conflict dramatically.
Even in normal times, North Korea reacts angrily to UFG. Last year, it tested its fifth nuclear device just after the exercises were held. But now that North Korea is overtly threatening to launch missiles at the U.S. territory of Guam, and being further provoked by Trump, its response to another round of UFG could be less symbolic, and far more devastating.
If North Korea lashes out, the strategy of deterrence that underpins the U.S.-South Korea alliance will have been fatally undermined. Deterrence means using a credible threat of serious punishment to prevent an opponent from initiating military engagement. And yet North Korea has already dismissed Trump's threats as a “load of nonsense.” If this month's war games trigger a military confrontation or an outright exchange of fire, deterrence will officially have failed.
The problem is that even if Trump and Kim recognize the corner into which they have painted themselves, neither has the political space to backpedal on their threats without risking serious domestic and international humiliation.
Worse still, both leaders lack credibility in the eyes of the other, and of the world. China's leaders have long viewed Trump as unreliable, or “bu kaopu.” Now, Trump's emotional response to North Korea's actions has further reinforced that assessment and given Chinese leaders even less of a reason to get involved in the drama. Even Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has been Trump's most steadfast supporter among East Asian leaders, is wary of the domestic political consequences of Trump's brinkmanship.
Of course, Japan, as North Korea's ultimate historical enemy, would have no leverage over Kim anyway. The only country with the credibility, leverage, and motivation to lead the way toward a peaceful resolution to the current crisis is South Korea. But South Korea has so far straddled the line between antagonism and diplomacy.
On the one hand, South Korea agrees with Trump on the need for tougher sanctions and military readiness, including full deployment of the U.S. anti-ballistic missile defense system, known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD. On the other hand, it has indicated that it would be willing to engage in joint military talks and diplomatic dialogue with North Korea, and it even invited Kim's government to participate in a joint Independence Day celebration. (The North refused, citing the planned UFG.)
South Korea now needs to take a stronger approach. Rather than shove a weak opponent into a corner and risk them lashing out, South Korea should formally request an indefinite postponement of this year's UFG, which would be counterproductive and is not essential at this time. The U.S. and South Korea already held massive joint exercises involving about 320,000 troops — more than six times the combined troop strength of the planned UFG — in March and April of this year, and in 2016.
During that period, the U.S. also deployed a strike group, including the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, to the region, saying that it would counter “reckless acts of aggression” with “whatever methods the U.S. wants to take.” The U.S. also docked one of the largest nuclear-powered submarines in the world, the USS Michigan, in South Korea, and held “decapitation exercises” to prepare troops to infiltrate North Korea and eliminate Kim and their ruling cohort.
Simply put, this month's UFG exercises are far from critical to the U.S.-South Korea alliance. By suspending them, South Korea would have an opportunity to pursue inter-Korean military-to-military dialogue with the North, while reinstating basic communications channels, including hotlines, which were cut off early last year. The South should also urge its northern counterpart to coordinate the commemoration of Independence Day, a near-sacred day for all Koreans, as a symbolic gesture of a unified Korean past and possible future.
To be sure, South Korean President Moon Jae-in's administration has already made such overtures, and to no avail. But it may be more successful if it can use a postponed UFG as leverage. In the event, South Korea would emerge as a legitimate broker in the conflict between the US and North Korea, rather than as a US lackey, as the Kim regime likes to view it. That would greatly improve the prospects of a future negotiation among the three actors, once things have cooled down.
South Korea, with its affinity to both the U.S. and North Korea, is uniquely suited to defuse the current situation. The stakes are too high for it not to try.
Katharine H.S. Moon, a nonresident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, is Wasserman Chair of Asian Studies and Professor of Political Science at Wellesley College. Follow them on Twitter @KathyHSMoon. This article was published with permission of Project Syndicate — Can South Korea Save the Day?
If there's one thing we can be sure of, it's that Sea of Thieves is about to become the Xbox One's most popular console exclusive. With the game releasing later today, and the game's developers being pointedly coy about some of the game's details, we know a lot of you are going to have a ton of questions.
In fact, we're already seeing some common questions, including the Sea of Thieves launch times, server status, semaphores (whatever the hell that is — don't worry, we'll explain below), and more. And soon, we have no doubt that we'll all be asking for more details about Captain Bones and why we need to know who they are.
With the launch now upon us, here are all of your frequently asked Sea of Thieves questions answered below. And, if you have more questions, hit us up in the comments and we'll do our best to find the answers for you.
Sea of Thieves Frequently Asked Questions
What time does Sea of Thieves release?
The original plan was to have a Sea of Thieves midnight release, but it looks like RARE is jumping the gun, letting players in much earlier than the original set time. Now, the game will have a rolling launch with New Zealand getting first dibs.
Update 3/19/18 1:44PM: Players are reporting that Sea of Thieves is live RIGHT now. As in, you can hop in, and play Sea of Thieves this very moment. Confirmed for East Coast U.S.
Sea of Thieves Server Status: Is Sea of Thieves down?
The Sea of Thieves servers are currently live, and all services seem to be running normally. However, if you're having issues, it's best to check in on the official Sea of Thieves Server Status page.
Are there flag semaphores in Sea of Thieves?
If you're unaware of exactly what a sema or semaphores are, it's essentially the act of sending signals to other ships using different flags and positioning. Let's say you want to let a nearby ship know that you mean no harm, seafaring mateys of the real seas would tell you to throw up a white flag.
In Sea of Thieves, however, there doesn't appear to be a semaphores system in place just yet, despite the brilliant idea. At least, there wasn't anything in the beta. Hopefully, when Sea of Thieves launches, we'll actually see a semaphores system of sorts. But so far, there has been no official word on these.
Want to know more about flag semaphores in general? Check out the Wiki guide.
Can you use a controller to play Sea of Thieves on PC?
Yes, you can use a controller to play Sea of Thieves on PC. Works best with an Xbox One controller and either the wired USB cable or the Xbox Wireless Adapter for Windows. There's nothing else needed to get it set up — just plug it in and go.
How do you start your first Sea of Thieves quest?
Starting your first quest in Sea of Thieves can be a bit confusing, because you're basically thrown into the game world with very minimal direction, left to uncover what it has to offer on your own. That's cool and all, but what about those who just want to go 200mph?
You start your first Sea of Thieves quest by visiting the Gold Hoarder's tent on the starter island. Here, you'll find an NPC that will give you a map that you'll have to purchase from them called The Stash of Captain Bones. Use the pre-given coins to purchase this map, and then go to your ship and place it on the captain's table. You'll see a “Propose Voyage” option that will allow you to begin that quest after the rest of your pirate crew agrees on it. Yes, even if you're sailing on your own, you still will need to vote for the quest before the quest will actually begin.
Now, you'll be able to look at the map in your inventory and find the matching island on the map table. Set a marker for the proper island once you find a match, and head for it. There, you'll find what you need to complete the quest.
Can you play Sea of Thieves solo?
Yes, you can absolutely man your own boat and set sail to play a sort of Sea of Thieves single player mode. However, it is admittedly quite a bit more difficult to do so, as you'll be at a disadvantage, and if the goal was to not interact with other players at all, unfortunately, you'll likely still have to do so because the game would still be on an online server.
What is Ask Captain Bones?
There's an absolutely brilliant Sea of Thieves marketing Twitter for Captain Bones (@AskCaptainBones ) (a character frequently mentioned within the game). He'll spit out a whole bunch of pirate talk, give clues, and it looks like he's going to be available to answer fan questions, sort of like a live tech support. Either way, the Ask Captain Bones Twitter is well worth the follow.
Can I play Sea of Thieves with Xbox Games Pass?
Yes, Sea of Thieves will be included with the standard $9.99 Xbox Games Pass subscription.
When is the Sea of Thieves review embargo?
There is no Sea of Thieves review embargo. Reviewers were sent code last week, however, they've been unable to access the game until the servers went live. This puts every site on a level playing field, but don't expect any Sea of Thieves reviews to hit until next week at the earliest.
Stay tuned to Heavy.com Gaming for more Sea of Thieves.
Is the Sea of Thieves Preload Available?
Yes, you can preload Sea of Thieves now, and more than likely, you'll be able to jump onto the servers immediately at this point.
Can You Play Sea of Thieves on Windows 7?
Unfortunately, players will not be able to play Sea of Thieves on Windows 7 — at least for right now. There has been no official word from the development team regarding Windows 7 compatibility in the future, but for now, it's for Windows 10 and Xbox One users only.
Where is the official Sea of Thieves Forum?
If you've got more questions that we haven't answered here, you can either shout your questions to Heavy Gaming on Twitter or head to the official Sea of Thieves forum.
See Also:
Josh Pringle, CTV Morning Live
You could soon be able to toss dog waste and plastic bags in the green bin.
A report for Ottawa's Environment and Climate Protection Committee outlines proposed changes to the city's contract with Orgaworld.
Starting in mid-2019, plastic bags and dog waste could be included in green bins for weekly pick-up. Adding plastic bags and dog waste to the contract would cost the city an additional $626,000 a year.
Expanding the green bin service to accept plastic bags and dog waste would eliminate the need for special liner bags and reducing odour and pest concerns.
To address potential odour issues from accepting plastic bags, Orgaworld would invest $3.9 million to upgrade its plant for enhanced service and to improve odour control.
The report also outlines revisions to the remaining 12 years of the contract between the city and Orgaworld. It would reduce the processing rate for plastics and dog waste from $151 to $124 per tonne, and lower the minimum tonnage of organics that the city must provide to Orgaworld from 80,000 to 75,000 tonnes per year.
The committee will consider the changes on Monday, March 26 at Ottawa City Hall.
"... a wonder of creativity, eclecticism, ideas and dialogue." – Roger Cohen, New York Times "… a celebration of a Pakistan open and engaged with the many ideas of many worlds." – Lyse Doucet, BBC
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - The Lahore Literary Festival (LLF), one of South Asia's premier cultural events, returns to Asia Society New York on May 6. This is the second year that the festival, held annually in Lahore, Pakistan, travels to New York.
LLF in New York will explore contemporary Pakistan, and feature artists, writers, and commentators. The festival will present American audience with a more nuanced view of Pakistan, with discussions on fiction and nonfiction writing, music, arts, popular culture, and politics.
Participants include novelist and opera librettist Mohammed Hanif; MacArthur fellow and contemporary artist Shahzia Sikander; Pulitzer-prize winning composer Du Yun; former Viacom CEO Tom Freston; New York Times literary critic Dwight Garner; Metropolitan Museum of Art curator Navina Najat Haider; Pulitzer-prize winning author Siddhartha Mukherjee; and journalist and foreign policy author Ahmed Rashid.
LLF, founded by Razi Ahmed in 2012, aims to reclaim Lahore's cultural significance and influence. A global city under the 12th century Sultanate, a capital of the Mughal Empire under Akbar, and a cradle of the modern Punjabi civilization under Maharaja Ranjit Singh, Lahore has fired the imagination of artists for centuries, inspiring global literature and thought from Milton's Paradise Lost to Kipling's Kim to Massenet's Opera Le Roi de Lahore to John Masters' Bhowani Junction.
The current program agenda follows. Media interested in learning more or RSVPing to attend LLF in New York should contact Asia Society's press office (pr@asiasociety.org).
This program is part of Asia Society's Creative Voices of Muslim Asia initiative.
Lahore Literary Festival in New York
Program Details and Agenda
May 6, 2016
Asia Society New York (725 Park Avenue at 70th Street)
Tickets start at $40 for non-members (morning, afternoon)
Join the conversation on social media using #LLFNY17 and by following @LHRLitFest, and @AsiaSocietyNY.
All sessions will be live streamed at AsiaSociety.org/Live. Highlights from the festival will also be archived online.
Note: All programming is subject to change and will be held at Asia Society New York. All times denoted in local New York time.
10:00 am: Welcome remarks
10:30-11:15 am: Is Fake News Crowding Out Real News?
Ahmed Rashid , author of five books, including the best-selling Taliban
, author of five books, including the best-selling Taliban Amb. Robin Raphel , former Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia
, former Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia Tom Freston , former CEO, Viacom and MTV; board member, VICE
, former CEO, Viacom and MTV; board member, VICE Amna Nawaz (moderator), anchor and reporter, ABC News
11:30 am-12:15 pm: Imagination as Imagery
Shahzia Sikander , MacArthur fellow, contemporary artist
, MacArthur fellow, contemporary artist Du Yun , Pulitzer-prize winning musical composer
, Pulitzer-prize winning musical composer Ali Sethi , singer and writer
, singer and writer Rachel Cooper (moderator), director of global performing arts and cultural initiatives, Asia Society
12:30-1:15 pm: The Sound of Data Darbar
Molly Crabapple , contemporary artist
, contemporary artist Raza Rumi (moderator), columnist, policy analyst, and journalist
2:15-3:00 pm: Lahore: Of Kings and Commoners
F. S. Aijazuddin , art historian, author, and columnist for Dawn
, art historian, author, and columnist for Dawn Navina Najat Haider, curator, Metropolitan Museum of Art
3:15-4:00 pm: Populism and the Global Rise of Strongmen
Basharat Peer , author, A Question of Order: India, Turkey and the return of Strongmen; op-ed editor, New York Times
, author, A Question of Order: India, Turkey and the return of Strongmen; op-ed editor, New York Times Bernard Haykel , professor of near eastern studies, Princeton University
, professor of near eastern studies, Princeton University Saskia Sassen , co-chair, Committee on Global Thought, Columbia University
, co-chair, Committee on Global Thought, Columbia University Akbar Noman (moderator), adjunct associate professor of international and public affairs, Columbia University
4:15-5:00 pm: Where Conspiracies are a Pastime: Satire and Escapism in Fiction and Beyond
Mohammed Hanif , author of A Case of Exploding Mangoes
, author of A Case of Exploding Mangoes Nadeem Aslam , author of The Golden Legend
, author of The Golden Legend Dwight Garner (moderator), literary critic, New York Times
5:15-6:15: Notes from the Raga
Siddhartha Mukherjee , oncologist, Pulitzer-prize winning author of The Emperor of all Maladies
, oncologist, Pulitzer-prize winning author of The Emperor of all Maladies Ikhlaq Hussain , performer
, performer Dr. Azra Raza (moderator), translator and oncologist
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136085/Images/LLF_design_2017-ab61b2357b56b9c3aaee3671ad867145.jpg
Jake Buxton hopes Wigan Athletic can take full advantage of a ‘fear' factor this afternoon when they entertain high-flying Huddersfield.
Latics faced the Terriers in the corresponding fixture just over a month ago, with goals from Reece Burke and Yanic Wildschut giving boss Warren Joyce their first - and only - win in charge.
We hope some new faces will come in to join the squad and hopefully push us on Jake Buxton
It was the classic smash-and-grab away-day performance, and Buxton hopes it will have left a psychological scar on the West Yorkshiremen ahead of the return.
“It's going to be tough, but we beat them a few weeks ago so hopefully they'll fear us,” acknowledged Buxton.
“It's a different prospect for us at home - away, we can sit back a bit and hit teams on the counter-attack.
“At home, we have to come out fighting, get on the ball and cut teams open.
“That performance was similar to what we've done all season, and (overall) we haven't got what we deserved.
“We can't look back, though. We have to look forwards.
“We hope some new faces will come in to join the squad and hopefully push us on.
“We have to try and find some form.”
Buxton was outstanding on Saturday as Latics gave as good as they got against their former side Derby, and were perhaps unlucky not to beat the promotion hopefuls at Pride Park.
After five defeats on the bounce - the last two coming against fellow strugglers Ipswich and Rotherham - Buxton recognised it was a welcome show of unity.
“The last two games really hurt us,” they admitted. “Newcastle, Derby, and Aston Villa, we performed to a decent standard.
“But we didn't match Ipswich or Rotherham for the fight.
“As a group we had to dig deep and find the answers as to what was going wrong.
“We found them at Derby, we set up in a better shape, we were better organised, we found the answers, and we could easily have come away with two goals.
“Worst-case scenario was a clean sheet and a massive point.
“We've conceded six goals in the last two games against rivals who are down there with us.
“For us to get a clean sheet was massive.”
The Latics defence rarely looked troubled by a Derby side that have shot up the table in recent weeks under Steve McClaren.
And they could easily have come away with all three points, with Will Grigg, twice, and Michael Jacobs almost scoring during a dominant first half.
“Derby have been on fire recently, they've not lost in 10,” Buxton added.
“But we worked hard in the week on how to stop them, and we've created our own opportunities.
“We had some good chances, we looked lively.
“When Will Grigg gets a few more games under their belt, he'll be more clinical.
“It was an outstanding performance from the team and a very disciplined one.
“We'd been playing well and not getting results and getting some results when we'd not played well, so we had a clear-the-air talk this week.
“And the response from everyone at the club has been outstanding.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Iwobi scores as Arsenal climbs to third on EPL table
Alex Iwobi on Sunday got the sitter for Arsenal to ensure that the Gunners defeated Crystal Palace 2-0 and move them up to third place on the English Premier League (EPL) table. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Arsenal lost ground in the title race with defeats by Everton and Manchester City, and…
The post Iwobi scores as Arsenal climbs to third on EPL table appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A Kansas City mom now has closure after fearing a cemetery had lost their infant son.
A tiny casket brings deep pain for Sarah Postpichal.
“It's more than grieving. It was suffering the loss all over again from the moment that it started,” Postpichal said.
Being back at a grave site with their infant son was also bittersweet relief for Postpichal.
“A million pounds lifted off my shoulders. Completion,” they said.
Back in early April, came to FOX4 concerned about their baby boy Weston's burial at Forest Hill Cemetery in Kansas City. After more than 15 years visiting the grave site, this year, just before Easter while decorating the headstone, they hit something hard, shallow below the ground.
Cemetery officials initially told their proper burial depth for infant cremains is 18 inches. But Sarah's son wasn't cremated, and they had all the paperwork and pictures to prove it.
“It felt like I was not important and that my son was not important, not valued or cared for. It was terrible,” Postpichal said.
They knew something was wrong, and after weeks of getting the run-around from the cemetery's parent company, Stonemor, they contacted FOX4. After our story aired, they started to see action.
“Without your assistance, they didn't listen. They didn't care. They didn't want to hear me,” they said.
The company followed through with a partial disinterment of the grave site, which only left Postpichal with more questions.
On Monday, Stonemor enclosed the area and fully unearthed the vault and casket inside.
The baby inside the tomb was, in fact, their son but buried just barely a foot below the ground, which is far less than the recommended 3 feet.
“Through your assistance, my prayers have been answered,” Postpichal said.
FOX4's report also drew a wealth of support from the community. Catholic Cemeteries stepped in to offer a free plot and re-burial at Mt. Olivet in Raytown.
Family members gathered Tuesday to say goodbye once again. But this time they know he's safe.
“It means I can go on, and while I will never forget him, I can raise my two beautiful children that are here with me and show them that it's going to be OK and they don't have to worry,” Postpichal said.
Postpichal said she's still in talks with Stonemor about a possible settlement. But they said in the end, all that really matters knows where their little boy is and that he's safe.
Previous coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Emma Fiala
Just before the Super Bowl, water protectors from South Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, and other parts of the country joined together in Minneapolis to protest the U.S. Bank. They say U.S. Bank did not keep its promise to step away from oil and gas pipelines, including ETP. Seeding Sovereignty, one of the groups participating in the protest, wrote in part: “We are here … to ask US Bank to keep their promise and divest from pipelines. We want them to divest from Energy Transfer Partners who own the Dakota Access Pipeline, the Rover Pipeline, the Mariner East Pipeline and the Bayou Bridge Pipeline.” What exactly happened and why did protesters choose the day before the Super Bowl to hold their demonstration? Read on for details and to see photos and videos from the protest.
U.S. Bank Had Pledged Not to Support Pipelines, But Activists Say That Promise Wasn't Kept
This all started in 2017, when U.S. Bank became the first major bank to announce that they would stop financing pipeline construction. The news was announced in their 2017 Environmental Responsibility Policy from April. But activists are arguing that despite their policy, the bank is actually still financing the pipelines, although more indirectly. The best example, one activist group has shared, is that just eight months after the policy was published in 2017, U.S. Bank signed a $5 billion credit agreement with ETP, which is now building even more pipelines.
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
U.S. Bank's policy read, in part: “The company does not provide project financing for the construction of oil or natural gas pipelines. Relationships with clients in the oil and gas pipeline industries are subject to the Bank's enhanced due diligence processes…” This news was celebrated at the time by environmental activists and publishers, but now some activists believe they celebrated too soon. EcoWatch initially reported on the change, which came after the bank had renewed its commitment with Energy Transfer Partners, the company that constructed the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Activists Say U.S. Bank Is Still Funding Pipelines By Giving General Financing to ETP & Other Clients
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
Some activists are saying that the bank is still financing the pipelines indirectly. And because of this, hundreds showed up for the protest in Minneapolis the day before the Super Bowl, shutting down an intersection in the city:
The Des Moines Register reported that environmentalists came to Minneapolis to protest the four-state pipeline before the Super Bowl on Sunday. The activists say that the Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank financed the $3.8 billion pipeline, completed by ETP in 2017. Ed Fallon, Bold Iowa director, told the Des Moines Register: “U.S. Bank is as complicit as Energy Transfer Partners for abusing eminent domain, trampling the rights of rural landowners, destroying farmers' soil and crops, and threatening our water and climate. That can change. It needs to change, and we're turning up the heat to make it happen.”
Meanwhile, U.S. Bank officials pointed to their 2017 Environmental Policy and said that it's still in place. Spokesman Dana Ripley told the Des Moines Register: “U.S. Bank did not finance the Dakota Access pipeline project. As a matter of policy we do not do project finance.” They do have a banking relationship with ETP, but they said that relationship doesn't include the pipeline and they “don't comment on our customer relationships.”
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
Nation of Change published a story in May 2017 which outlines why activists believe U.S. Bank is still responsible in part for the pipelines. They say that U.S. Bank's financing to companies like ETP is for general use, which can include pipeline construction, even if it's not funding the construction directly. U.S. Bank's clients include Enbridge, ETP, Phillips 66, and Marathon, who all own stakes in the Dakota Access pipeline, among others. So, the article argues, even though U.S. Bank may not be financing at a project level, the funding and credit they give can still be used for the pipelines. During the construction of the DAPL, for example, U.S. Bank gave ETP a $175 million line of credit and then later recommitted to the deal. Nation of Change argues: “If U.S. Bank is going to stop financing pipelines, it has to stop lending at the corporate level, too.”
The Protest Drew Hundreds the Day Before the Super Bowl
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
The protest began at 12:30 p.m. local time at the headquarters of Minnesota 350 at 2104 Stevens Ave. in Minneapolis. The Super Bowl is taking place at U.S. Bank Stadium, which is why the protest is happening the day before the Super Bowl. Participants included Native and non-Native organizations, and the goal is to pressure the U.S. Bank to stop financing oil pipelines completely. Christine Nobiss, founder of Indigenous Iowa, said: “US Bank funds the extraction industry and allows government-backed corporate conglomerates to move in to poor communities and create havoc.” Here are some more videos from the protest:
Protesters started out by meeting at MN350's office with Kate Jacobson, Interim Executive Director, to go over the plans for the march. Items like backpacks, signs, and banners were not allowed in the Super Bowl Live area. Many protesters risked bringing their backpacks, which contained bullhorns, signs, and camera equipment. Some wore large signs to carry outside.
Emma Fiala, who photographed the event, shared with Heavy that the protesters met at the U.S. Bank headquarters and had to pass through a security checkpoint right in front of the bank they were protesting. Members of the Native community kicked off the protest and then activists marched down Nicollet Mall. “We took over an intersection in a highly visible and high traffic area where there was more chanting and more speakers.”
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
From there, activists continued marching past the Minneapolis Convention Center and back to the MN350 office. The police followed the marchers, but there were no confrontations. The protest was peaceful, no one was arrested, and everyone was safe.
Emma Fiala Police follow the protesters. There were no arrests and the event was peaceful. Police follow the protesters. There were no arrests and the event was peaceful.
The Concern Doesn't Stop with the DAPL; Now the Bayou Bridge Pipeline Is Drawing Worries
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest, as activists brave very cold temperatures. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest, as activists brave very cold temperatures.
The concern doesn't stop with the Dakota Access Pipeline. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers just granted a permit to ETP for a Bayou Bridge Pipeline in Louisiana. Activists and water protectors are concerned this will put indigenous people and the environment at risk, and are pointing out that an environmental impact review was not performed. The Corps, meanwhile, has said that it weighed the energy benefits and is “ensuring environmental protections remain in place.” However, ETP recently confirmed that the pipeline has been rerouted to go around the L'eau Est La Vie resistance camp. But Cherri Foytlin, a representative for the camp, said that while they're glad for the news, they still have grave concerns for their neighbors.
Here are more photos from the march the day before the Super Bowl:
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
Emma Fiala A scene from the U.S. Bank protest. A scene from the U.S. Bank protest.
Emma Fiala
Emma Fiala
Emma Fiala
Emma Fiala
Emma Fiala
As Blackberry continues to sign up A/NZ partners for its crisis communications software AtHoc (the Bank of New Zealand is the latest to come on board), Macquarie University is already seeing tangible results in how it operates and prepares to respond to crisis situations.
Last year, Blackberry's AtHoc team deployed the communication platform to the university's Sydney campus in a bid to support 40,000 students and staff.
Indeed, there's lots of activity in the crisis communications arena. Recently, Blackberry launched a crisis communications and incident response initiative in Melbourne, with Australian partner Briggs Communications.
As part of the public safety initiative, the networked communications platform will help organisations in Greater Melbourne connect with each other in the case of an incident, obtain and share factual information and help maintain business continuity.
BlackBerry AtHoc is being offered as a shared solution, establishing a critical incident communication network which can connect places of mass gatherings such as stadiums, malls and convention centres, as well as infrastructure such as hotels, hospitals, schools, universities and businesses.
Additionally, the company struck partnerships with Australian carrier, Optus Business, Mobile Mentors in New Zealand, and Briggs.
“Those partners will deliver, deploy and support BlackBerry AtHoc in the region, including innovative new technology features which automate personnel accountability and crisis communication processes,” the company said.
CIO Australia caught up with Macquarie University property security manager, John Durbridge, to discuss the implications of using the latest in crisis communications technology, and how it ultimately affects staff and students.
With the escalating number of incidents - from cyberattacks like the WannaCry ransomware, to natural disasters, and acts of violence like the Bourke Street incident in Melbourne - Australian businesses - and universities like Macquarie - are increasingly tasked with effectively responding to crisis situations.
CIO Australia reached out to Macquarie in a bid to get its story about incident response in the higher education arena, and the latest tools to help combat the escalating challenges.
How is Macquarie using AtHoc?
John Durbridge: Our university uses Blackberry AtHoc for all its mass communication needs as they present themselves during emergencies or other such critical incidents.
Being able to effectively and efficiently broadcast to many thousands of the organisation's people in a very short period of time is critical in the event of any emergency or incident occurring. An important component within the university's emergency management plan is communications, and the Blackberry solution caters very well for all of these requirements.
How are the technology helping staff and students?
JD: We currently have over 40,000 students and around 3,500 staff so Blackberry AtHoc is an essential tool for us as it enables us to broadcast simple, succinct messages that contain important information, instructions and updates to our stakeholders.
The messages are formatted either as pre-determined content or they can be produced through the “free texting” option within the system. An important feature of the system for us is the “response option” whereby any message that is sent can have responses embedded into the body, thus allowing for simple but very effective two way communication. As the central point of contact in any on-campus emergency, the university's Security Control Centre is the author of any emergency messaging.
All university staff and students are enrolled into the system upon joining the university, through various active directories, and messaging targets both email (university and personal) along with SMS notifications to ensure we reach all stakeholders quickly and efficiently.
We use the Blackberry AtHoc system on a daily basis, so that control centre operators develop a muscle memory in its messaging operations, ensuring that the operators are confident in sending a message(s) during an incident.
The reporting functions of the system allow for real time delivery/response information, and the audit trail process is one which is regularly interrogated during any de-brief of an emergency event on campus.
What are some of your biggest challenges?
JD: One of our greatest challenges is how to effectively communicate with (at times) many thousands of staff and students in a timely manner. Through the Blackberry AtHoc software, we are able to automatically maintain user information (such as email addresses, mobile phone numbers, etc).
We can target the entire campus, or just one section or building, through the way that the user information is displayed within AtHoc (my active directory listing details my building location, so a message can be targeted at that particular building rather than that particular person/user).
It allows for one format message to be delivered through a number of very different channels (such as to emails or SMS, or both in the case of Macquarie). The system provides an understanding real-time as to how many messages have been sent, how many have been delivered, and how many have been responded to (including drill down lists of those who have or have not responded).
The system can also be deployed to advise users not to attend the campus, where an emergency situation may be unfolding, and these users may be spread wide across the city at the time of receiving the message.
It also offers efficient messaging, which can also minimise much of the phone contact inwards by concerned stakeholders to the Security Control Centre in the time of an emergency
All of these items mentioned are major features of the AtHoc software. Technology in this format has replaced much/most of the older practices of emergency management from days gone by.
Has the university seen major results?
JD: Yes. As the system operates in real-time, the efficiency of our emergency messaging has improved enormously. We are able to send multiple messages, thus ensuring that our stakeholders are kept well informed about the situation, and also any instructions being issued by our emergency management response to aid in the stakeholder's safety.
The automation of the user information, including a self-service portal for users to personally update their contact information has greatly enhanced the accuracy of the information that is currently held in the system today.
What are your next steps?
JD: There are a lot of benefits in rolling out further communication delivery channels for AtHoc to use during emergency messaging, such as Facebook, desktop pop ups and audio files to large screens/monitors. As part of the (regular) current review and update of the university's Emergency Management Plan, I believe that this will be part of the recommendations, and for implementation in the near future.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Alternate universes and alternate dimensions are not the same thing - and understanding the difference could lead to intriguing new sci-fi stories
What do the goatee-sporting Spock of the Terran Empire, the blood-thirsty Demogorgon of the Upside Down and the Cybermen who battled David Tennant's Doctor have in common? Apart from being some of the most ruthless villains in sci-fi, that is?
Advertisement
All of them, of course, are characters spawned from an alternate universe, a world similar to our own but with a few sinister alterations.
Yet there's something else they all share: all have roots in a major scientific mix-up. And it's not a mistake restricted to the likes of Star Trek, Stranger Things or Doctor Who, either. Delve into the majority of alternative reality stories and you'll find two giant ideas mistakenly melded together: alternate universes and alternate dimensions.
For instance, while explaining the mysterious Upside Down via teacher Mr Clarke, Stranger Things labels the realm both as a “parallel universe” and “another dimension”. Captain Kirk does exactly the same in Star Trek when explaining the Mirror Universe to their crew. And The Doctor? In series two finale Doomsday, even Gallifrey's finest says the Cybermen originate from a “different dimension” and “different universe”.
But ‘dimension' and ‘universe' aren't interchangeable terms. And as much as we'd hate to call out our favourite Time Lords, Starfleet captains or, um, AV club leaders, getting the distinction wrong could be holding back sci-fi from something really special.
Okay, what is the difference between an alternate universe and dimension?
As many sci-fi fans will know, parallel universes aren't only found in fiction. They're a concept, at least theoretically, supported by experts in cosmology.
“The remarkable thing, I suppose, that emerges about modern physics is that the whole idea of alternative universes other than our own is not that crazy. There are lots of signs that there could be other universes out there,” says Dr Andrew Pontzen from University College London's Astrophysics Group.
“In quantum mechanics, for instance, it seems like it's possible for particles to be in multiple places at once, for histories to play out at the same time. In some sense, when you zoom down to very small things there are parallel universes there.
“Parallel universes could be playing out in front of us the entire time, yet somehow we can't become aware of these multiple histories. Our consciousness is just somehow conditioned to focus on one history at a time.”
Granted, the streams of equations needed to support these ideas don't make for the most exciting (or understandable) reading, but what they come down to is this: parallel universes aren't completely out the question. There really might be an evil goatee-wearing version of yourself out there.
It's not likely, though. “In most pictures, when we talk about alternative universes, we would expect them to have fundamentally different laws of physics. That means if you could somehow teleport yourself into one of those universes, you'd cease to exist because the basic laws of physics that dictate the material we're made out of would change,” says Pontzen.
“You'd dissolve the moment you'd get there. It'll probably be quite a nice way to die, actually. I don't think you'd be aware of it at all.”
So, on the downside, a parallel universe is likely to entirely wipe you from existence instantaneously. But at least it makes sense as a concept. ‘Alternate dimensions'? Not so much. That's because the term itself misunderstands what dimensions are: they're not a physical universe, but a tool to define a point inside that universe.
All of us know about two dimensions: left and right, and up and down – like a simple two-axis graph or sheet of paper. And the idea of three dimensions is a no-brainer too: everyone is familiar with height, width and length (think a cube, or snazzy x,y,z graph).
However, most Einstein aficionados will also point out another dimension often ignored: time. Although we can't move back and forth through it like other planes (although time travel isn't completely ruled out by the maths of space-time), it's still a dimension you can define and measure in our reality.
In this way, time is just another coordinate we use to pinpoint something in our world. Just think what happens when you meet a friend for dinner: not only do you arrange a physical position to meet (effectively giving your coordinates in space – the left/right, up/down, backwards/forwards), but you also agree on a position in time to eat, whether midday or 1pm.
Yet although we talk about it, this temporal plane is always overlooked. For example, when you pay to see a 2D film you're actually served a 3D screening for the same price and without the need to wear those awkward glasses: not only are you watching a screen that has two dimensions (up/down, left/right), but you're actually consuming a film reliant on the dimension of time too.
“Imagine if you took a film and chopped it up into individual frames and stacked them up into a 3D block,” explains Pontzen. “Two dimensions would represent each individual frame and the height – a third dimension – would be time.”
This misunderstanding of cosmology isn't only found underselling cinema tickets, but in the dialogue of Doctor Who too.
True, scientific concepts boldly materialise throughout the franchises the best stories (for example, the “quantum-locked” Weeping Angels embody the very real Quantum Zeno Effect whereby uranium doesn't decay while being observed), but dimensions are often mishandled.
Take Flatline, the Peter Capaldi-era episode where the Doctor and companion Clara Oswald defend the earth from “two-dimensional” monsters dubbed “The Boneless”. These flat aliens who crawl across walls and ceilings, flattening all who cross them, certainly make for an interesting enemy. But a monster with a scientifically sound origin? Not really.
Although The Doctor claims dimensions “are kind of [my] thing” in the episode, they make no reference at all to time, describing our world as “three-dimensional”. Of course, there's logic to this omission: some may say ignoring the temporal plane and focusing on the three spatial ones make the story easier to understand. And, let's face it, in this case, monsters melting people into dimensional doodles makes for better TV than a lecture about space-time.
But The Doctor still falls into a physics faux pas when claiming The Boneless are both from “another dimension” and “another universe”. This doesn't make a lot of sense because although the baddies are said to be from a two-dimensional realm, they move through some of the same dimensions as The Doctor, not alternative ones.
In the same way, a sci-fi show portraying an “alternate dimension” implies it's a place where one of our usual dimensions has been switched with a new plane. But, in almost all cases, left/right, up/down, forward/backwards and time all still exist in these alternate realities. A dimension hasn't been replaced.
So, what's happened here? Why do sci-fi writers get their dimensions and universes muddled? There may be a reasonable answer: “What some might mean is that there's an extra dimension that lets you get to an alternative universe,” says Pontzen. “What you really want is to add to the number of dimensions – not swap them out.
“Imagine if you were walking on the surface of the earth straight on level ground,” says Pontzen. “You're only moving through a few dimensions here: forwards and backwards, left and right, and, if you want to include it, time.
“Suppose you want to get to A to B, but there's a huge mountain in the way. Obviously if you remain on the surface of the earth then you've got no choice but to go around the mountain and that might actually be near impossible.
“But then suppose somebody comes along and says ‘I can build a tunnel under the mountain'. In effect, what they're doing is using another dimension: height. And by using this additional dimension, it becomes clear A and B aren't so far apart.”
Yes, it really is possible. We might actually be able to tunnel to another universe if we came across another dimension – something we haven't detected so far. And owing to a life trapped in our four dimensions, it's a reality we're not equipped to visualise.
Well, for the moment, anyway…
Why it's so important to get this distinction right
We get it. Calling out the difference between two closely-related concepts seems like nit-picking. But it is important nit-picking. Because if we drop the trope that a dimension is just a copy of our world with more baddies then we create room to think about the real-life science of dimensions. And that's where we get to ask some seriously interesting questions.
Firstly, how can we even imagine an extra dimension on screen? How could science visualise a five-dimensional universe – something that's outside our understanding of known space and time? How could TV or film portray a reality beyond us that, as Pontzen says, can't be pictured by its very nature?
It's when science fiction takes on these mind-boggling questions that we're treated to mind-boggling answers.
Interstellar, a seminal work of sci-fi from Chris Nolan, did just this with the help of Nobel Prize-winning theoretical physicist Kip Thorne. At the film's end [SPOILERS MATERIALISING], it plunged Matthew McConaughey through a black hole and into a higher dimension, one where they were able to move through all space and time as if was a physical plane.
And that's just scratching the surface of extra-dimensional theories left largely untouched by popular sci-fi. “One of the first signs that we should think about extra dimensions beyond three of space and one of time is something called Kaluza–Klein theory,” says Pontzen. “It's basically the idea that electric and magnetic forces – ones which are basically used to power all technology – could be described in terms of dimensions.
“It's quite a subtle mathematical thing, but you can find an imprint of another dimension there. It's not proof, but if correct it could show there are extra dimensions there that you don't realise.”
Sure, a thriller about electromagnetism doesn't sound like the easiest sell, but the idea that hidden dimensions exist all around us? Doesn't that seem like a concept ripe for science fiction on screen?
And then there's string theory, the idea that our reality contains 10 dimensions (three of regular space, one time and six hyperspace) and bosonic string theory, which supposes space-time is 26-dimensional.
Yes, they're scary-sounding theories taught at the highest University level, but both boil down to an idea begging for a big-screen mass-audience conversion: “They embody the idea that the laws of physics that we see are one of a possible set of laws that could have been and maybe do exist in these other universes,” explains Pontzen.
Tackling these dimensions and inventing entirely new laws of physics may sound like an impossible task for any writer, but it's precisely when presented with such challenges that sci-fi truly thrives. The best stories of the genre come when it breaks down huge scientific ideas into powerful – and understandable – drama.
Case in point: Doctor Who's series 10 episode World Enough and Time, a story which saw a 400-mile-long ship stranded above a giant black-hole. Thanks to time dilation – a concept also seen in Interstellar, where objects with large gravitational fields like black holes can bend the plane of time – a few seconds on the lower decks on this ship equaled years in upper levels. This real science gifted a fantastic plot device where an entire generation of terrifying cloth-faced Cybermen seemingly evolved in a few minutes.
And with its central Gallifreyan travelling in a TARDIS (Time And Relative Dimension In Space), Doctor Who is in a prime position to delve into these dimensional dilemmas too. And the show's done a lot right already: in Classic Who the idea that the Tardis interior and exterior exist in different planes is briefly mentioned, most significantly with Tom Baker's doctor brief explanation of it being “dimensionally transcendental”. But it hasn't been fully explored in a story yet, with “dimension” now often reduced to a timey-wimey buzzword.
Why can't sci-fi add more meaning to the word ‘dimension'? What's stopping a new brand of fiction that invents new planes of existence and laws of physics – mind-boggling stories that can act as an epiphany for viewers who, in turn, could be inspired to create even more ambitious stories that propel the genre as a whole?
Advertisement
For the current popular understanding of the topic, maybe that's too big a leap. But getting the difference between universes and dimensions correct? That's an easy step in the right direction.
We Defy Anyone To Not Feel Motivated After Mr Motivator's Motivational #MondayMotivation
We Defy Anyone To Not Feel Motivated After Mr Motivator's Motivational #MondayMotivation 01:26
JUST. TOO. MUCH. MOTIVATION.
We've never felt such an emotional connection to a cat before, until we say how much Garfield hates Mondays. Fresh off of the weekend, doing absolutely nothing and just chilling... Then the M-word hits you.
This is where we come in - you can thank us later.
> WATCH: Roman & Vick Tasted The Little Mix 'Power' Cocktail & It Legit Made Them Gag
Pic: PA Images
Roman Kemp's got the likes of Shawn Mendes, Zara Larsson and Harry Styles all on FaceTime recently, but none can help ease the pain of Monday quite like... Mr Motivator.
Derrick Evans, the iconic fitness instructor, joined us to help break through the wall and smash the first (and dreaded) day of the week, saying that we should all "look in the mirror and like what we see". But then again, with a 'tache like that, how could Mr Motivator not like what they saw?
Phoebe Is SO Up For Them Driving Test, Thanks To Mr Motivator! 00:41
And you better do what they said; Ro did. We want a range of "Today is going to be a great day, no matter what" t-shirts ASAP.
> You STILL Need Some Motivation? Our App Is As Motivating As About 3,496 Mr Motivators!
Now, if they could motivate Dua Lipa to ask Bruno Mars as to why Julio is, that would be swell...
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - Versus Systems, Inc. (CSE:VS)(CSE:VS.CN)(OTCQB:VRSSF)(FRANKFURT:BMVA) today announced February speaking engagements for the company's founder and CEO Matthew Pierce.
UCLA Anderson PULSE Entertainment, Sports & Technology Conference: A UCLA Anderson School of Management MBA, a graduate of Stanford University, as well as current entrepreneurship lecturer at UCLA and UCLA Anderson, Versus CEO Matthew Pierce was tapped for the Future of Content panel discussion during the 8th annual PULSE conference. They were joined by executives from Fox, A&E Networks and KPMG in a discussion about the intersection of entertainment, technology and data. The PULSE conference also featured CEO and Chairman of CBS Les Moonves, Los Angeles Dodgers CEO Stan Kasten, and CEO of Def Jam Recordings Steve Bartels. (Conference Date: 2/10/17, PhotoLink)
[a]list summit: Competitive Gaming & eSports: The fastest-growing media segment is competitive gaming and eSports, a market opportunity Pierce and the Versus team seek to expand on behalf of all game developers, publishers, brands and gamers. The 14th annual [a]list summit brings together experts from this innovative media segment to educate marketers on how to engage and learn from experts in the space. Pierce will be discussing how brands can leverage competitive gaming's worldwide millennial and younger audience in the Reaching the Global Gaming Audience panel. [a]list summit will also feature speakers from Amazon, HTC, Blizzard, Coke, and TBS. (Conference date: 2/16/17)
Pierce has spent their career working on the convergence of technology and entertainment including their work at the Boston Consulting Group and at Warner Bros., in addition to co-founding Rosum Corporation, which later sold to TruePosition, and founding O-Labs, an LA-based technology incubator that was a joint venture of Originate, Inc., Manatt Phelps & Phillips, and ICM Partners.
Versus Systems, Inc. identifies player characteristics, including age, location, and in-game behaviors and achievements, then matches those characteristics to real-world prizes that gamers want. To learn more about Versus, see the website at www.versussystems.com, or watch their recent video on YouTube.
Reader Advisory
Certain statements in this release are forward-looking statements, which include regulatory approvals, development of technology, timing of completion of technology and other matters. Forward-looking statements consist of statements that are not purely historical, including any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Such information can generally be identified by the use of forwarding looking wording such as "may", "expect", "estimate", "anticipate", "intend", "believe" and "continue" or the negative thereof or similar variations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are based will occur. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, estimates, forecasts, projections and other forward looking statements will not occur. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking information is based on certain key expectations and assumptions made by the management of the Company including the development of its technology, including the effectiveness of the technology. Although the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking information is based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking information because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include consumer sentiment towards the Company's technology, technology failures, competition, and failure of counterparties to perform their contractual obligations and other risks detailed from time to time in the filings made by the Company in securities filings.
The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any intention and assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additionally, the Company undertakes no obligation to comment on the expectations of, or statements made by, third parties in respect of the matters discussed above.
The Canadian Securities Exchange has not reviewed, nor approved the content of the contents of this news release.
To the Editor:
I have known George Lovett for three decades. In that time, George has shown care for others and demonstrated that care through their service in the community.
In the Republican primary this spring, we will be voting for the candidate for state representative in the 80th Ohio House District. All the candidates are capable of the job, but we need to choose the one that will do the best job representing all of us. George is that person.
George has always been forthright and will not hesitate to communicate their thoughts. They will be our voice in Columbus to protect our values and beliefs.
When you cast your vote, I urge you to vote for George Lovett. They will serve all of us well at the statehouse.
— David O. Werts
Tipp City
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Saving up for a Tesla? Good news: the company dropped the price on the entry-level Model S by $7,500. It now starts at $69,500 according to TechCrunch.
TechCrunch adds that the car comes with upgraded standard equipment, giving buyers better overall value. The standard features now include an all-glass overhead roof and an automatic powered rear lift gate.
The price dip applies to the 75 kilowatt per hour (kWh) vehicle after Tesla dropped its 60kWh model, which it recently discontinued selling.
A spokesperson for Tesla provided an official statement, which says the price decrease will be followed by increases on their 100D and P100D models. Those price increases will come into effect next week.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
BAGHDAD/TIKRIT, Iraq: A Daeshcar bomb killed 24 people in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, and the militants cut a key road north from the capital to Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
An online statement distributed by Amaq news agency, which supports the Daesh group, said the ultra-hard-line Sunni group had targeted a gathering of Shiites. Sixty-seven people were wounded in the blast.
US-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Daesh from the northern city of Mosul, but are facing fierce resistance. The group has lost most of the territory it seized in a blitz across northern and western Iraq in 2014.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for its self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven police officers dead.
Monday's blast in Sadr City hit a square where day laborers typically gather.
Nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus. Their charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby.
“The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life,” Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi told reporters after meeting with visiting French President Francois Hollande.
Road to Mosul
Since the drive to recapture Mosul began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Daesh also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield, killing at least 16 pro-government fighters and cutting a strategic road linking the city to Baghdad.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km (110 miles) north of the capital, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Daesh seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, they told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shiite militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
A surveillance camera captured the suspect driving out of the alleyway where the 11-year-old girl was found (LVMPD / FOX5).
Metro police released a sketch of the suspect in connection with the sexual assault of an 11-year-old girl (LVMPD / FOX5).
Las Vegas Metro police said they are searching for a suspect connected to the kidnapping and sexual assault of a child.
"It's a very tragic case," Jay Rivera, Public Information Officer with LVMPD said. "We have an 11-year-old victim who was sexually assaulted by this individual and right now we're seeking the communities assistance."
Officers were dispatched to an alleyway near Palos Verdes Street and East Twain Avenue on May 23 at 4:35 p.m. Police said two people found a 11-year-old girl naked and injured, and called police to report the incident. The girl was taken to Sunrise Hospital for treatment.
During the course of the investigation, police discovered the girl was walking alone near Twain Avenue and Swenson Street when they were approached by a man driving a black 4-door BMW who offered them a ride.
They accepted and they drove around the area for a few minutes before the man held them at gunpoint and sexually assaulted her, police said.
The suspect told the girl to get out of the car in the alleyway where they were later found.
Video footage of the suspect's car was captured on camera's outside Wendy Hemmingway's office.
"It disgusts me that someone would prey on a child," Hemmingway, an office manager who works near the crime scene, said. "You know sexual assault on a child is something that child is going to have to live with for the rest of their lives."
Hemmingway said the incident has made them even more cautious coming from and going to work.
"It's 'crime-infested' would be the best way to put it," Hemmingway said. "I've sat and looked out my front door across the street and watched drug deals go down. I come to work and keep a gun with me, I have a concealed carry permit. I leave work and don't linger."
Two people found the little girl naked in the ally and called police, but another concern for Metro was the fact that it happened in broad daylight.
During the investigation, police plan to stop all black BMWs that match the car's make and model to locate the suspect.
"I hope they catch the person that did it," Hemmingway said. "Hopefully they will recognize that car and that person will get caught."
Police described the suspect as a man anywhere from 20 to 30 years old. He's tall, slender with a muscular build and was bald. They also had hair on their chin.
Anyone with information leading to the arrest of the suspect was urged to contact the LVMPD Sexual Assault Section at 702-828-3421. Call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 to remain anonymous.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
TV's been dominated by reboots lately. This past week alone, it's been announced that “Murphy Brown,” “Charmed” and “Roswell” will all get a second chance at life.
The worst part isn't even their obvious lameness — it's that all the wrong shows are being resurrected!
So, Hollywood, if you are intent on rehashing the past, here are seven shows that actually warrant comebacks.
“Firefly”
Joss Whedon's space Western “Firefly” aired for just one short season on Fox in 2002, but it attracted such a passionate cult following that the story continued in the 2005 movie “Serenity”. If any TV character deserves a comeback years after their original appearance, it's Nathan Fillion's misbehaving Mal Reynolds.
“Lost”
Before “Game of Thrones” took over the world, there was “Lost,” the original puzzle-box show for the masses. Most fans aren't happy with the ending, so why not revisit it? And creator Damon Lindelof — once the subject of widespread ire for their “Lost” finale — has redeemed themselves in the ensuing years with HBO's “The Leftovers.”
“Knight Rider”
This cheesy romp ran from 1982 to 1986, starring David Hasselhoff as a crime fighter assisted by a talking car. Car technology has evolved since the '80s, but the popularity of crime-solving shows has remained high. That's why “Knight Rider” is perfect for a reboot. It's had several film spinoffs and, supposedly, a TV version is coming from Justin Lin (the third, fifth and sixth installments of the “The Fast and the Furious” series), but there's been no further news since 2016 . Put the pedal to the metal, Lin!
“1-800-Missing”
Airing on Lifetime fromfrien 2003 to 2006, “1-800-Missing” (later changed to just “Missing”) was based on “The Princess Diaries” author Meg Cabot's novels about a teen psychic. It strayed far from the source material but a new version could hew closer to the (delightful) books. And teen shows are in the spotlight right now, thanks to innovative series such as “Riverdale” and “13 Reasons Why.”
“Wings”
This NBC sitcom originally aired from 1990 to 1997 and centered on a family operating a small airline. It wasn't filled with twists and turns and laughs, but it was entertaining in a comforting way. We could use that right about now — plus, air travel has changed enough since the '90s for a new version to be intriguing.
“Xena: Warrior Princess”
Cult favorite “Xena” ran from 1995 to 2001. It remains a pop culture staple to this day, having inspired a host of books, video games and fan conventions. A reboot was in the works at NBC but stalled in 2017. Perhaps a streaming platform could resurrect it.
“Friends”
Yes, this is controversial. But “Friends” is so iconic, and New York City has evolved since the '90s. All the gripes “Friends” fans have about the pals' preposterously large apartments, unrealistically empty go-to coffee shop and even questionable romantic pairings could be addressed in a reboot with a new cast of friends. There's just one thing left to decide: What's the modern-day hair equivalent of the Rachel?
JAMESTOWN, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Green EnviroTech Holdings, Corp. ( OTC PINK : GETH) is pleased to announce that it has signed the building lease for its Carbon Finishing Plant and will start construction work immediately. The lease includes an option to utilize the total of three buildings with over 170,000 sq/ft of space for additional carbon processing lines.
"I am very pleased that we will start work on constructing our first carbon black finishing line in our centralized Carbon Finishing Plant in Ironton, Ohio," said Chris Bowers, CEO of GETH. "I would like to express my thanks to Dr. Bill Dingus for their excellent help and support in closing the deal in Ironton. We look forward to working with the local population in Ironton and to a long and very productive partnership with the LEDC."
Gary De Laurentiis, Chairman of GETH, added, "I am very proud to announce that we have secured the site for the installation of our first GETH carbon processing equipment. The State of Ohio offers a tremendously capable workforce and excellent locations for our processing plants and we look forward to working with the LEDC and the State of Ohio on additional facilities."
Dr. Bill Dingus, the Executive Director of the Lawrence Economic Development Corporation, said, "We are pleased to bring the first tenant into the former DOW Ethafoam site within only a few months of closing on that transaction. We will work with the GETH group of companies to fully utilize the site and grow the number of jobs to over 200. The LEDC is thankful to the many local and state organizations that will be contributing funds to establish the infrastructure needed to utilize the former DOW site including Jobs Ohio and American Electric Power. Additionally, we appreciate the DOW team for their partnership with LEDC to leave this legacy of opportunity to the community."
About GreenEnviroTech Holdings
GreenEnviroTech Holdings, Corp. (GETH) is a pioneer in sustainable development. Our mission is to find and implement practical, economical solutions that will clean up the environment. Our technologies will convert waste into valuable products and help to protect the planet. We will create local jobs and stimulate economic growth in the communities where we do business.
About LEDC
LEDC is a non-profit community improvement corporation formed with the goal of job creation and retention. LEDC offers services that include financing assistance, technical assistance, resource information, community profiles, industrial development, industrial development bonds, and site and building inventory. A partnership with the Ironton Port Authority, Lawrence County Port Authority, and the Ironton/Lawrence Community Action Organization also opens up more opportunity for future and expanding businesses.
For more information on GETH:
www.greenenvirotech.com
For more information on LEDC:
http://www.ledcorp.org
Forward Looking Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements that relate to future events, including our ability to raise capital, or to our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Any forward-looking statement reflects our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.
For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our public filings with the SEC are available from commercial document retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
Saudi Arabia is scaling back its ambitions for a public offering for oil giant Aramco, moving ahead with a listing next year solely on the Saudi stock exchange while taking more time to decide if an international venue is worth it, government officials and others close to the process say.
The decision has come in part because of concerns about legal risks and also because the need for a bigger listing has been negated by rising oil prices.
Aramco's listing was expected to raise as much as $100 billion on an international arena like New York — a move that also got the support of President Donald Trump, who publicly called for Aramco to list in the U.S.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who runs the day-to-day affairs of the oil-rich kingdom has become resigned to the idea that the legal risks of a U.S. listing could be insurmountable, said Saudi officials and people close to the process.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
Tiny Monte Sereno, with a population of about 3,500, has always been a city of single-family homes. But now it's edging closer to allowing multi-family housing in order to meet state housing mandates.
The multi-family housing would be built at the Hacienda Inn on Highway 9 in unincorporated Santa Clara County — about halfway between Los Gatos and Saratoga. The county wants the Hacienda annexed into Monte Sereno, but many residents are opposed because it means multi-family housing will be built.
Monte Sereno was founded in 1957 as a rural community of single family homes. Before the Hacienda proposal, there was a minimum requirement of one acre of property per home. There are no businesses, just a church, an elementary school and city hall.
After years of debate and a now-settled lawsuit against Monte Sereno, Hacienda owner Russ Stanley recently gained city council approval to submit a proposal for 21 single-family and 15 multi-family market rate homes on approximately 4.5 acres. That comes out to about eight homes per acre, Monte Sereno City Attorney Kirsten Powell said.
Powell's comment came at a Monday night community meeting that was attended by some three dozen Monte Sereno residents.
“That density is very risky because of fire and emergency access (and) there's only one outflow to Highway 9,” resident June Payne said. “I'm not saying I'm opposed to any development, but this is way too dense.”
Some residents expressed concern that the proposal doesn't include low-income housing.
“We've generally met our low-income housing requirements through accessory (dwelling unit) structures,” said City Manager Terry Blount. “We would be meeting our state requirements for multi-family housing with this project.”
The proposed homes would range in size from 1,700 to 3,300 square feet. Asked about pricing, architect Robert Lee replied, “We don't decide the market.”
Zillow estimates the median price of Monte Sereno homes currently on the market is just under $2.8 million.
Monte Sereno has been debating Hacienda Inn development proposals for more than 10 years. At first, the city and its residents consistently resisted the state's multi-family housing requirements. But that resistance may be waning.
“At the end of the day there's a need for housing,” said Hacienda neighbor Gary Effren, one of about three dozen Monte Sereno residents who attended a community meeting on the issue on Monday night.
“Nobody wants it in their backyard, including me, but a nice housing development is probably better than a restaurant and bar.”
Stanley has opened two restaurant/bars at the Hacienda, which are permitted under county zoning. Those would be demolished if housing is allowed.
“I'm absolutely in favor of this,” resident Phil Levine said. “I believe the city has a moral responsibility to approve multi-family housing.”
Before any approval comes, the city must first hear input on the development proposal from schools, the fire department, police and San Jose Water Company.
A public hearing and a final city council decision are expected in June.
EJI's National Memorial for Peace and Justice and The @LegacyMuseum: From Enslavement to Mass Incarceration are on schedule to open at a time when the need to confront America's history of racial injustice is more urgent than ever. More info: https://t.co/X9ClCBRj5z pic.twitter.com/nqNTTsr1Tq — The National Memorial for Peace and Justice (@MemPeaceJustice) April 16, 2018
By KIM CHANDLER | The Associated Press
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Visitors to the new National Memorial for Peace and Justice first glimpse them, eerily, in the distance: Brown rectangular slabs, 800 in all, inscribed with the names of more than 4,000 souls who lost their lives in lynchings between 1877 and 1950.
Each pillar is 6 feet tall, the height of a person, and made of steel that weathers to different shades of brown. Viewers enter at eye level with the monuments, allowing a view of victims' names and the date and place of their slaying.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
As visitors descend downward on a slanted wooden plank floor, the slabs seemingly rise above them, suspended in the air in long corridors, evoking the image of rows of hanging brown bodies.
The memorial and an accompanying museum that open this week in Montgomery are a project of the nonprofit Equal Justice Initiative, a legal advocacy group in Montgomery. The organization says the two sites will be the nation's first “comprehensive memorial dedicated to racial terror lynchings of African Americans and the legacy of slavery and racial inequality in America.”
Some photos from the National Memorial for Peace and Justice in Montgomery. Stay tuned for more later this week. pic.twitter.com/uhYhIh8MmX — b-boy bouiebaisse (@jbouie) April 23, 2018
There is one column for each of the 800 U.S. counties where researchers uncovered lynchings. Most of the roughly 4,400 killings happened in the South, but states coast-to-coast are represented.
Bryan Stevenson, the founder of the Equal Justice Initiative, said they wanted to create a space for people to confront and “deal honestly with this history,” just as South Africa has sites about apartheid and Germany memorializes victims of the Holocaust.
“We don't have many places in America where we have urged people to look at the history of racial inequality, to look at the history of slavery, of lynching, of segregation,” said Stevenson, who is black. The memorial opens the same week that Alabama marks Confederate Memorial Day, an official state holiday in which state offices will close.
The first installation visitors see up close comprises statues of six slaves with chains around their necks, lash marks on their backs. A mother, face twisted in horror, cradles an infant in one arm and stretches out their other hand reaching for something, or someone, outside them grasp.
Beyond the sculptures are the monuments to those who lost their lives to “racial terror” lynchings after the Civil War. A section of epitaphs gives the brief story behind some the names:
— “Fred Rochelle, 16, was burned alive in a public spectacle lynching before thousands in Polk County, Florida, in 1901.”
— “David Walker, their wife and their four children were lynched in Hickman, Kentucky, in 1908 after Mr. Walker was accused of using inappropriate language with a white woman.”
Relatives of Thomas Miles Sr., a black business owner lynched in Shreveport, Louisiana in 1912, visited the site Monday. First they visited the museum, where dirt taken from the site of several lynchings, including Miles, is displayed. Then they stopped by the memorial.
“I was crying. I felt anger. I felt frustration. I wanted to talk. I wanted to be quiet. There were so many emotions,” said Shirah Dedman, who grew up knowing only that their great grandfather was lynched and that their family had fled the South because of it.
Other descendants of victims want to hope to make the trip to Alabama to see the memorial.
Caldwell Washington, 23, was found hanging from a tree in 1933 in what authorities in Taylor, Texas, first called a suicide. But family members and supporters say the finding overlooked a key fact: their hands were tied behind their back.
Washington's granddaughter, Johnnye Patterson, said the family was gratified to learn that Washington's name is included on the memorial as a lynching victim. That's particularly true for Patterson's mother, Johnnye Mae Washington Patterson, who was Washington's daughter and has lived with a lifetime of pain.
“They didn't ever believe they committed suicide. It didn't make sense that you find someone hanging in a tree with their hands tied behind him,” Johnnye Patterson said.
The museum accompanying the memorial is called Legacy Museum: From Enslavement to Mass Incarceration. It is located on the site of a former slave depot in downtown Montgomery, and seeks to explore slavery's legacy.
“You are standing on a site where people were warehoused,” announces a statement written on the first wall visitors see as they enter.
Down a dark hallway, images of talking slaves are projected on walls behind cell bars. The first is of a woman who is pleading for the children who were taken away from them
The museum explores the eras of enslavement, lynching, Jim Crow to mass incarceration and modern criminal justice issues that are the focus of the Equal Justice Initiative's legal work. Several of the organization's clients are featured, including Ray Hinton, a man whose conviction was overturned after 30 years on Alabama's death row.
Related Articles Club sorry for calling police on black women golfers
Arrest at Alabama Waffle House sparks uproar
Three Kansas militia members convicted of bombing plot
Berkeley's Elmwood Cafe abruptly closes after 2015 racism issues re-emerge
Some Oakland churches offer drastic advice: Stop calling the police Stevenson, who works with death row inmates, has had judges presume they are a defendant when they sit at the defense table. They don't believe that slavery disappeared but “evolved.” They said what they mean by that is the myth of white supremacy that was created to justify slavery didn't disappear in 1865.
Stevenson said Monday that they expect that some people will be “uncomfortable” by the new memorial and museum, noting the organization got pushback a few years ago when they erected the first historical markers in downtown Montgomery to mark the sites of slave markets.
“I think there is a better America still waiting. There is a more just America still waiting … There's a kind of community that we haven't achieved yet. but we can't achieve it if we are unwilling to tell the truth about our past.”
It's a well-known fact that Chris Lane is a member of the Bachelor nation. They rarely miss an episode. But is they interested in being a contestant on The Bachelorette?
Chris Lane talks about being interested in being a contestant on The Bachelorette. “Yeah, if I had a time frame open, I would definitely be down to do it, but I don't know if that's anytime soon. I stay so busy, you know. But, I have so much fun watching it. It doesn't get old to me.”
Chris definitely tuned in to the season premiere of The Bachelorette on Monday night, but there's no word yet on who their favorite contestants are.
Five people are being questioned over the suspected murder of three children who died after a house fire.
Demi Pearson, 14, was pronounced dead at the scene in Worsley, Greater Manchester, while their eight-year-old brother Brandon and seven-year-old sister Lacie later died in hospital.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
The children's 35-year-old mother, Michelle Pearson, is in a serious condition in hospital while a fourth sibling, three-year-old Lia, is critically ill.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
A 24-year-old man is also being questioned in custody on suspicion of assisting an offender.
Emergency services were called to the mid-terraced house in Jackson Street just before 5am on Monday.
Two 16-year-old boys who were also in the house freed themselves before fire crews arrived and put out the blaze.
Police confirmed there had been "earlier incidents" at the address and said the force had made a self-referral to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Chief Superintendent Wayne Miller, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "In what is such a heart-breaking set of circumstances, we have been doing our very best to support the family in every way that we can and carry out our inquiries quickly and sensitively.
"We are still appealing for people who witnessed the fire itself or the events leading up to it to get in contact with us and tell us what they know.
"My thanks goes to the members of the public who have supported us with our investigation."
Earlier, Mr Miller urged an unnamed suspect to hand themselves in as they told reporters: "He knows who they are and they should give themselves up.
"This will devastate this family forever and words cannot describe what they are going through. We need the public's help to find the answers the family deserve."
Demi was a pupil at Harrop Fold School in Salford, which featured in the Channel 4 documentary Educating Greater Manchester.
Head teacher Drew Povey said: "We are devastated at the tragic loss of life today in our community. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family involved."
A large police presence remained at the scene throughout the day as both ends of Jackson Street were cordoned off, with one end blocked by large steel barriers.
Tearful locals stood at the end of the cordons and consoled each other with embraces.
One woman, who did not wish to be named, said they knew the mother of the family.
They said: "I have known Michelle for years. The family have lived here for a long time. We are all just in shock.
"There has been trouble round here before but it's more wannabe gangsters, teenage stuff."
Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 8797, or call 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
With another division title in the books, the Green Bay Packers put together an impressive season statistically.
The Packers' 2016 season could have produced the league MVP, the comeback player of the year and possibly the biggest third-year jump of anyone around the league. Oh, and they also turned a wide receiver into a running back seamlessly.
With the regular season wrapped up, let's take a look at Green Bay's numbers across the board.
Passing
Aaron Rodgers: 401/610, 4,428 yards, 40 touchdowns, seven interceptions
MVP? Looking at the numbers alone, Rodgers' 2016 season was more impressive than their 2014 campaign, one that finished with the MVP award. They finished this year with better completion percentage, more passing yards and more passing touchdowns.
Rodgers also set a career-high in rushing yards, and finished the final seven games of the season with 18 touchdowns and no interceptions.
Receiving
Jordy Nelson: 97 receptions, 1,257 yards, 14 touchdowns
Davante Adams: 75 receptions, 997 yards, 12 touchdowns
Randall Cobb: 60 receptions, 610 yards, four touchdowns
Jared Cook: 30 receptions, 377 yards, one touchdown
Ty Montgomery: 44 receptions, 348 yards
Nelson's return from a torn ACL proved to be key in Green Bay's offensive resurgence. A strong candidate for comeback player of the year, Nelson surpassed the 1,000-yard mark for the fourth time in their career, and posted their second-highest touchdown tally.
Adams' breakout year fell just short of 1,000 yards, but they looked a completely different player than the one who struggled in a big way a year ago. Last year they posted just 483 yards with a single touchdown.
Cobb didn't deliver as many expected, but they were plagued with injuries all year long. The same can be said of Cook, who began to make a difference once healthy down the stretch.
Rushing
Ty Montgomery: 77 attempts, 457 yards, three touchdowns
Aaron Rodgers: 67 attempts, 369 yards, four touchdowns
Eddie Lacy: 71 attempts, 360 yards
Aaron Ripkowski: 34 attempts, 150 yards, two touchdowns
Given the turbulence the Packers faced at the running back position, it's impressive they even got as far as they did.
Injuries to Eddie Lacy and James Starks forced Ty Montgomery to swap wide receiver for running back, a transition they made look far easier than it is. With 457 rushing yards and three scores, Montgomery led the way and will almost certainly remain a running back next year.
Sacks
Nick Perry: 11
Julius Peppers: 7.5
Clay Matthews: 5
Mike Daniels: 4
Morgan Burnett: 3
Finally healthy, Perry delivered the goods on a contract year. Their 11 sacks were far and away a career-high, likely earning them a long-term deal in Green Bay (or elsewhere).
Peppers posted a solid total in what will likely be their final year with the Packers, and possibly the NFL. Matthews' various injuries held them back, but their up-and-down play became a concern.
Interceptions
Ha Ha Clinton-Dix: 5
Micah Hyde/Damarious Randall: 3
Morgan Burnett: 2
Clinton-Dix's rise at the safety position continued this season, and they were rewarded with five interceptions. Hyde and Randall lacked consistency, but both notched three picks.
Kicking
Mason Crosby: 26/30 FGs (86.7 percent), 44/47 XPs (93.6 percent)
It was overall a solid season for Crosby, although there were some uncharacteristic misses on their part. They missed two kicks from the 30-39 range for the first time since 2012. They also missed a career-high three extra points, although that statistic is slightly misleading given the 2015 rule changes.
More from Lombardi Ave
This article originally appeared on
Super Sunday podcast – Dec 10
10th Dec 2017
Gary Neville, Graeme Souness and Noel Gallagher react to Man City's win over Man Utd and Liverpool's draw with Everton.
Daniel Franzese claimed that Phillips' harassment "started with a lot of eye‪-rolling" but escalated to verbal harassment and a hard kick to the head.
Researchers in a new study said parents need to be better role models by not driving while impaired and the motto of “friends don't let friends drive drunk or high” needs to be practiced more often.
Facebook Acquires Artificial Intelligence Startup Ozlo
Facebook has acquired Ozlo, a Palo Alto-based artificial intelligence startup, to help Messenger build out a more elaborate virtual assistant for users.
Ozlo specializes in understanding text-based conversations, and claims it can understand and provide answers to questions that don't necessarily have simple yes or no answers -- what Ozlo calls "probabilistic assertions of truth."
On the company's website, for example, a short demo shows its AI assistant answering a question about whether or not a restaurant is "group friendly" based on pulling and understanding multiple reviews.
Ozlo's website claims it has 30 employees, and a Facebook spokesperson says the "majority of the team" will be joining Messenger in Facebook's offices in either Menlo Park, Calif., or Seattle, Wash.
Facebook is buying the company's technology and workforce, and it sounds as though Ozlo's technology will fold into Messenger's existing AI efforts, though it's unclear if that includes Messenger's existing virtual assistant, M.
"They're just going to be working with [Messenger] to continue their work with artificial intelligence and machine learning," a spokesperson said. They also declined to comment on the financial terms of the deal.
Messenger started rolling out recommendations from its AI assistant earlier this year, which meant users might be prompted to order an Uber or pay a friend based on the conversation they're having.
Publicly, Facebook has only featured its improvements around building a text-based assistant, despite others like Apple, Google and Amazon, which are building voice-controlled AI assistants.
Back in May, Messenger's product boss Stan Chudnovsky explained that Facebook is focused on text-based AI because voice conversations require a third step that text conversations do not.
"Until we nail [text] we don't want to go into a world where we teach people what we cannot do well," Chudnovsky said. "Otherwise we're going to be in the world where people very quickly realize certain things that we don't do well yet and then they may not give us another try."
Messenger hopes Ozlo can speed up that process.
The startup has raised $14 million from a number of investors, including Greylock. As part of the acquisition, it will shutter its existing app and its enterprise APIs.
© 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots from Ozlo/iTunes and Apple.
Nevada Congresswoman Dina Titus and District of Columbia Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton have made a bet over the upcoming Stanley Cup Final matchup between the Vegas Golden Knights and Washington Capitals.
Titus' office said in a statement Thursday that Titus and their staff will wear T-shirts advocating D.C. statehood if the Capitals win.
If the Golden Knights win, Norton and their staff will find a way to display their opposition to a plan for the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste dump in Nevada.
Norton says both D.C. and Vegas "know what it is like to have the federal government trample on you."
Norton and Titus also say the loser of their bet will give a basket of local goods to the other.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The de Blasio administration plans to spend nearly $90 million opening two new “diversion centers” next year for mentally ill people who don't pose public safety threats so that they don't end up in jails.
The drop-off centers, whose locations will be announced later this year, will provide police officers an alternative to locking up the mentally ill and are expected to divert roughly 2,400 people a year who would've otherwise been arrested on low-level offenses.
Project Renewal Inc. has been awarded a 10-year, $44 million contract and Samaritan Daytop Village Inc. a 10-year, $46 million contract to run the centers.
“These two new diversion centers will provide police officers with a new option for responding to the needs of some of our most vulnerable New Yorkers,” Mayor de Blasio said in a statement.
“Instead of making an arrest, police will be able to connect people to the mental health or substance abuse care they need.”
The news comes as de Blasio is backing a 10-year plan to close the Rikers Island jail facility, where 38 percent of the inmates are estimated to have mental issues.
The Health Department will hold public hearings on both contracts May 24 at its Long Island City headquarters.
Mets may have found themselves a leadoff hitter PORT ST. LUCIE — Asdrubal Cabrera keeps getting opportunities at leadoff for the Mets and producing. The veteran infielder is a possibility for that spot to start the season, manager...
What a drama-free, injury-free Asdrubal Cabrera could be PORT ST. LUCIE — Asdrubal Cabrera received the message through their agent during the Winter Meetings: The Mets were looking at second-base options, but could easily pivot and acquire a...
Sandy Alderson narrows Mets' free-agency options The symbolic equipment truck departure from Citi Field occurred Thursday — destination Port St. Lucie, Fla., for spring training — with the Mets still attempting to fill a glaring infield...
Asdrubal Cabrera now wants the position that made them snap Funny how baseball works. Asdrubal Cabrera never wanted to switch away from shortstop last season. Remember, they asked for a trade last June in San Francisco when they were told...
Mets turn their attention toward acquiring a bat The Mets ideally would like to add three bats and call it a winter. But with free agency throughout the industry moving at a glacial pace, team officials remain in...
Mets' Carlos Santana interest exposes Dominic Smith concern ORLANDO, Fla. — Carlos Santana fits the mold of “difference-maker” the Mets desire, and team officials are willing to at least explore the possibility of adding the switch-hitting slugger to...
Mets' injury issues expose the deeper issue that must be solved ORLANDO, Fla. — Did you learn more from your best day or your worst? I ask because major league teams are at the roster-building portion of the program, and the...
Dee Gordon splash? Solid Royals starter? Sizing up Mets' free agency Unlike last November, when their focus was clearly on one player, the Mets enter free agency with surveillance in several directions. Given their team's holes in the infield, outfield, starting...
The Mets are retaining versatile infield, bullpen options Asdrubal Cabrera and Jerry Blevins will be back with the Mets next season, with the team picking up the options of both veteran players Friday. The moves were expected. Cabrera...
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. They study evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," they say.
Stephen and their colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening they were ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told them about the findings of the study, they laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Grilling class upcoming
TROY — OSU Extension in Miami County is now offering a weGrill Class for fathers and children ages 10-16. This program consists of eight sessions. WeGrill is a free program that brings dads (grandfathers, uncles or special friends) and kids together around food and fun. Spend some time connecting with your child as we grill and share a meal (including dessert) at each session. Participants will talk about nutrition, food safety and relationships.
Each couple completing all eight sessions are given a grill kit for their participation.
Classes start Thursday June 21 with sessions ending on Aug. 9 from 6-8 p.m. Classes take place at the 911 Center at 210 Marybill Drive in Troy.
Participation is free. Registration is limited to eight fathers and their son or daughter.
Contact the OSU Extension Office, Miami County, at (937) 440-3945 to register.
Bi-plane rides offered
TROY — Bi-plane rides will be offered from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday at the WACO Air Museum, 1865 S. County Road, Troy.
WACO also is a shuttle location for the Troy Strawberry Festival.
Family friendly concert set
TROY — Come enjoy a family-friendly concert at the Treasure Island Amphitheatre, 419 N. Elm St., at 7:30 p.m. June 5.
The Corndrinkers and their old-time traditional country music featuring twin fiddles, banjo, guitar and bass will kick off this year's Troy-Miami County Public Library Summer Reading Challenge, “Libraries Rock!”
Beginning at 8 p.m., the family fun will continue with face painting, a visit from the Chick-fil-A cow, the Bookmobile, outdoor games, and the outdoor movie Rocket Dog, rated PG and 90 minutes, begins at dusk. Beckstrom Orthodontics will provide popcorn and water.
Call the library at 339-0502, Ext. 121, or visit tmcpl.org for more information.
Workshop offered
TROY — James Armstead, a humanities scholar who performs as Benjamin O. Davis at Ohio Chautauqua sites, will visit the WACO Air Museum at 1 p.m. June 6 to present their free workshop titled, “The Airplane, Flying the 20th Century.”
Both youth and adults will find this to be of interest. There is no charge for the event and parking is free. Seating begins at 12:30 p.m. and the program is scheduled to last one hour. It will be held in the Willis Wing of the WACO Air Museum at 1865 S. County Road 25-A, Troy.
For more information, visit ohiohumanities.org. or call WACO Air Museum at 937-335-9226.
LVMPD patrol units block the entrance of a west Valley neighborhood as they investigate a shooting May 24, 2018 (Cherney Amhara / FOX5).
The man who was shot and killed by their teen son in west Las Vegas was identified Tuesday.
Warren Spielmann, 53, died from multiple gunshot wounds, according to the Clark County Coroner. Spielmann was shot at least once in the head by their 15-year-old son on May 24 at a home in the 9900 block of Barrier Reef Drive, near Hualapai Way and Desert Inn Road.
RELATED: Police: Las Vegas teen shoots and kills father, exchanges fire with mother
The teen also exchanged gunfire with their mother, police said.
Metro Lt. Ray Spencer said the motive is unknown and investigators are checking if there is a history of previous domestic-related calls at the home.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Want Monday's paper before everyone else? Click here to subscribe to our digital edition and get a notification on Sunday night when the paper is released so you can read it on your smart device straight away!
Happy New Year!
It's been a chaotic two weeks in Rugby League land; there have been transfers aplenty, new signings making their debuts in the festive friendlies and much more – and League Express is back with the first edition of 2017 to keep fans completely up to date with the latest goings on in the game.
It's a bumper edition this week as we catch up with the last fortnight's worth of action – we had a small break for Christmas – and here's what we've got inside this week:
Where next for Bradford? With a decision on the club's future imminent, we speak exclusively to a man looking to take the club on in 2017 – if they are liquidated. Stand by for some scathing comments on the situation at the Bulls.
There's also reaction from Andrew Chalmers after their consortium's bid was rejected last week, as they speak exclusively to us.
There's another new face imminent at Leigh Centurions: find out who the Super League newcomers have agreed a deal to sign.
The results of our Readers' Poll for 2017 are in – Hull FC fans; you may want to pick up a copy – and Garry Schofield tells us who they voted for.
Meanwhile, which Championship player is being courted by a number of Super League clubs as a late recruit for 2017?
St Helens coach Keiron Cunningham reveals which of their new signings they tried to get the club to sign five years ago!
Castleford's Ben Roberts reveals the date he's hoping to be back playing – and how close their career came to ending last year
Leeds' Liam Sutcliffe reacts to a disappointing Boxing Day defeat – and reveals the position he's looking to make their own in 2017
Meanwhile, Wakefield's Tom Johnstone speaks exclusively to us about the pressure on their shoulders this year in an eye-opening interview.
Prince Harry was named as the new patron of the RFL over the festive period – but we've had a damning verdict on the matter from a former MP – it's a must-read!
The man tasked with replacing Kevin Brown, half-back Tom Gilmore, opens up on their career to date and the challenge ahead
Salford coach Ian Watson gives us an exclusive update on the club's recruitment process for 2017 – it's a must-read, Red Devils fans
Our editor Martyn Sadler asks whether any other club can emulate Hull's 2016 success in 2017, and they reveal Leigh Chairman Derek Beaumont's response to being nominated as Man of the Year in Rugby League in 2016.
Plus, there are reports and reaction from EVERY game played over the festive period.
There's all the latest Championship, League 1 and amateur news too. Kick off 2017 the way any Rugby League fans should; with the biggest and best read in the game. And if you want to get hold of it on Sunday night before it hits the shops, click the link below to find out how.
Want Monday's paper before everyone else? Click here to subscribe to our digital edition and get a notification on Sunday night when the paper is released so you can read it on your smart device straight away!
KATY, Texas (WCMH) — A groomer is out of a job after they were caught abusing a small dog during a grooming session.
When Terah Leder walked through the grooming area of a Katy, Texas PetSmart on Thursday, they immediate knew something was wrong. They saw a groomer working on a small dog, but the aggressive way the groomer handled the dog didn't sit right with them So, they pulled out their phone and started recording.
“I was trembling, freaking out,” Leder told KTRK. “I couldn't believe what I had just seen.”
Leder is heard shouting at the groomer in the 2-minute video before they went to the manager to explain what was happening. After they spoke with the manager, they waited for the dog's owner to arrive.
“If that were my dog, I would want to know that that happened to her,” Leder said.
An hour later, Brooke Vowers came to pick up the dog, a Shih Tzu named Boo. They had dropped Boo off hours earlier and had no idea what had happened since.
“I was like, ‘Are you kidding?' Just kinda like confused, you know,” Vowers said.
After they watched the video Leder recorded, they posted it to social media.
“Because that was just a tidbit of the video. I'd hate to think what would happen in four hours,” Vowers said. “The fact that that could happen to anyone else's dog is just concerning to me.”
PetSmart told KTRK that the way the dog was treated is “completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated.” The company also said that the groomer in question has been fired.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Construction and property services group Willmott Dixon is opening a new office in Birmingham city centre.
The company has taken 4,000 sq ft on a nine-year lease on the first floor of One Snowhill but will retain its West Midlands headquarters in Coleshill.
Established in 1852, Willmott Dixon is today one of the UK's biggest construction companies, employing more than 3,500 people with a turnover of £1 billion.
In Birmingham, it has been involved in a number of major projects, including the construction of Birmingham City University's new £150 million city centre campus at Eastside and the £18 million refurbishment of The Lewis Building, in Bull Street.
Deputy managing director Nick Gibb said: "The office at One Snowhill will provide us with an operational space in the heart of Birmingham, close to many of our partners, suppliers and customers."
Liz Bailey, from the office agency team at CBRE which advised Willmott Dixon, added: "Willmott Dixon is part of a growing trend of businesses seeking high-quality accommodation in the city centre where there is easy access to transport links, both for business and commuting, and a range of amenities available on the doorstep.
"There is a real buzz and hive of activity in Birmingham and businesses want to be part of it. It's great that a company of Willmott Dixon's calibre will be in the city centre."
Savills acted for the landlord Union Investment Real Estate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate people who have religious objections to LGBT rights.
A memo issued Friday is an attempt to deliver on President Donald Trump's pledge to evangelical supporters that they would protect religious liberties. But experts say the guidance is so sweeping it could prompt wide-ranging lawsuits against the government.
It lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove their beliefs about marriage or other topics are sincerely held. The policy says the mere claim that someone's religious freedom was violated is enough to override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people, women and others.
Religious liberty expert Robin Fretwell Wilson says the memo could force agencies to re-think their protections on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Image copyright You Jingyou Image caption Wu Gan's protests were often designed to shame and humiliate
The "Super Vulgar Butcher" might seem an unlikely name for a man who has spent their time fighting for human rights.
But it is an apt one.
The self-styled "butcher" took their cleaver to injustice and corruption in an uncompromising, sometimes uncouth campaign that made them one of China's best-known dissidents and an enemy of the state.
But this week their colourful, unconventional approach to advocacy and protest came to a formal end.
After more than two years in detention, Wu Gan (his real name) has been put on trial at the Tianjin City Number Two Intermediate People's Court charged with the subversion of state power.
The 44-year-old had anticipated this fate, recording a video in which they give instructions about who should represent them and explains that they have been motivated by only one aim: "To make China a happier place."
The Super Vulgar Butcher certainly seemed to relish the challenge of championing what were often the saddest and seemingly the most hopeless of causes.
They took up the case of a rape victim who had killed their assailant, a Communist Party official, by stabbing them with a fruit knife.
They fought for justice on behalf of four men who claimed that they had been wrongfully jailed for murder.
Of course, taking on the system is never likely to make you popular with the authorities in China.
But what really earned the Butcher their ire were their unconventional methods.
They rallied public opinion through online campaigns and brought pressure to bear on local officials by staging protests or even performance art, often bawdy acts of mockery designed to shame and humiliate.
They once photo-shopped pigs heads onto the faces of three officials from the province of Henan and posted them on social media with the caption: "World's Most Wanted; three fat pigs."
They stuck the image of a female official's face onto a naked mannequin and announced that they intended to live-stream video footage of themselves sleeping with them every day.
Today, all of this seems extraordinary given the tightening restrictions on freedom of expression that the Chinese government has imposed in recent years.
But Wu Gan began their activism a decade or so ago, in an era when the still yet untamed internet offered activists at least a limited chance to organise and campaign.
And although their methods may seem extreme, in a system in which 99.9% of criminal trials result in a conviction, direct action is often the last, desperate resort.
Image copyright You Jingyou Image caption Wu Gan recorded a video in which they said they wanted to make China a "happier place"
In the miscarriage of justice case mentioned above, the four men's lawyers had already staged a sit-in at the court for over two weeks in a bid to get the court in the province of Jiangxi to review the case files.
In trademark style, Wu Gan took a different approach, setting up two large banners outside the court.
One showed a photo of the chief judge, on which they had drawn a Hitler-style moustache, above a written demand for the judge to name how much they wished to be bribed.
On the other, the same photo had been superimposed upon a tombstone.
The Butcher stood between the two banners with their middle fingers raised in defiance.
However vulgar, the point was - as always - to harness public attention to a cause.
And to that end they can claim to have had a hand in some rare and notable successes.
The rape victim, a young woman named Deng Yujiao, was eventually spared criminal punishment.
And the four wrongfully convicted men had their convictions overturned - an extremely unlikely event in China - although Wu Gan had already found themselves in jail by the time of their release.
In fact, the sweeping crackdown on lawyers and activists launched in 2015 was aimed, in large part, at bringing an end to the use of protest and pressure to influence court decisions.
And the Butcher, the pre-eminent practitioner of such tactics, was one of the first to be detained.
Their court case this week makes them one of the last to be tried.
Friends believe the delay is almost certainly due to their refusal to acquiesce and make, as others have been forced to, a broadcast confession on state-run TV.
Image copyright Hu Jia Image caption Chinese activist Hu Jia has circulated this picture of them wearing a T-shirt calling for Wu's release
The brief statement from the court said that they "recognised that their behaviour violated criminal law", although there is no way to verify the claim as the trial was held in secret.
The verdict and sentencing will be announced at a later date.
But we do know something of Wu Gan's own feelings about their trial, recorded in a pre-trial statement smuggled out by one of their lawyers.
It is, true to form, a gutsy and defiant proclamation from the Super Vulgar Butcher, almost certainly now facing a long time behind bars.
"Under the brutal rule of the 'Great, Glorious, and Correct' Communist Party of China, it would be embarrassing if I wasn't framed as a 'criminal'," they write.
They call their trial a "farce", alleges that they have been tortured while in custody - an all too familiar complaint -and makes it clear that they have absolutely no regrets.
"Life is short, so we'd better 'commit our crimes' while we've still got the chance. My crime of subverting the Communist regime is a great honour for me."
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia's royal court said Monday the kingdom's second-in-line to the throne will meet President Donald Trump at the White House in the highest-level visit to Washington by a Saudi royal since November's presidential election.
Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is also defense minister and King Salman's son, is scheduled to start their Washington visit on Thursday. They depart for the United States on Monday.
The royal court, in a statement carried by the official Saudi Press Agency, said that Prince Mohammed will meet with Trump and a number of U.S. officials to discuss “the strengthening of bilateral relations between the two countries and regional issues of mutual interest.”
The prince is spearheading the kingdom's economic overhaul to become less dependent on oil and its major investments in U.S. technology firms.
No details were given on when they would meet Trump. They will be the first Gulf Arab royal to meet the president since their inauguration.
Key issues at the top of the agenda are likely to include discussion on global energy prices, as well as the conflicts in Syria, Iraq, Libya and Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition backed by Washington has been bombing Iran-backed Shiite rebels for nearly two years.
Saudi Arabia, the world's top oil exporter and biggest buyer of American-made arms, is also part of the U.S.-led coalition bombing campaign against the Islamic State group in Syria.
Saudi relations with Washington cooled under President Barack Obama after their administration secured a nuclear deal with regional rival Iran. The deal has been heavily criticized by Trump.
Obama had also openly criticized Gulf Arab countries, expressing frustration at their feud with Iran.
In contrast, the kingdom has expressed optimism about rebuilding its alliance with Washington and working with the Trump administration to contain Iran's reach in the region.
In a call between Trump and King Salman in January, the two agreed to back safe zones in Syria and Yemen, according to a White House statement. The monarch is currently touring Asia in a visit aimed at building alliances with other partners.
Beanie Sigel released from hospital a month after shooting The rapper was shot in the abdomen on Dec. 5 outside their brother-in-law's New Jersey home.
Beanie Sigel not intended target of shooting Sigel was recently released from federal prison after serving more than a year for tax evasion.
Before I begin, I would like to say I fully understand that there are many pressing issues on Miami's campus right now. Sexual assault and race relations are two that come to mind, and both these issues take precedence over my petty concerns.
Since the First Amendment exists, though, and I have been given this platform, here are my petty concerns.
I need to address an issue for the men of Miami University — one that deals with our right to privacy in the restroom. One which centers around our right to use the urinal and not have our genitalia exposed to the men beside us.
This issue is the lack of partitions in between the urinals on campus.
The restrooms at Miami have a shockingly low number of partitions in between the urinals, and by “low,” I mean there aren't any. Just look in the bathrooms in academic buildings such as Harrison and Upham Halls, or in residence halls such as Havighurst.
I would really appreciate it if every time I went to the bathroom, I did not have to expose little Ben to the world.
It's not like I'm standing far away from the urinals. In most cases, I am pressed right up against them in order to not expose myself. However, this only solves the issue part of the time.
In some buildings, the bowls of the urinals are only two feet off the ground. This means I would have to do a squat in order to not expose myself, and I am not about to squat for my privacy. These urinals are also extremely close to each other, which makes the situation worse.
Aside from the fear that the gentleman next to me is staring at my genitalia, the lack of partitions, quite simply, creates awkward situations in the bathroom. There have been multiple times when I've walked into a bathroom without partitions between the urinals, and used the stall to avoid an awkward interaction with the only other person in the bathroom.
I fully understand that there are a lot more pressing concerns that need to be addressed. But this seems like a simple and cheap fix, which would make a lot of people really happy.
A stainless-steel urinal divider can be purchased on Amazon for $119.99, and a plastic one as low as $95. Of course, there are differences in price depending on the size of the partition, but in this case, size truly does not matter. The material doesn't even matter. Miami could literally put pieces of cardboard in between its urinals, and I would be satisfied.
The lack of partitions in between urinals is not just an issue at Miami. Go to any major-league sports stadium, arena or concert venue and you will witness the sheer lack of partitions.
The lack of consideration by not putting dividers in between urinals is up there with taking away legroom on airplanes and making women pay for tampons in public restrooms. These tactics do not take the general population into consideration, and are simply done by businesses to cut down costs and put money in their pockets.
finfrobd@miamioh.edu
Comments
Stanley Cup Drive is nestled in an east valley neighborhood with other prize-winning parkways, like Super Bowl Drive and World Series Court. (Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
As thousands of fans crowded into T-Mobile Arena to see the Vegas Golden Knights skate another step toward the Stanley Cup Finals, about a dozen miles away, fans watched in a place with a unique connection to the cup: Stanley Cup Drive.
The street is nestled in an east valley neighborhood with other prize-winning parkways, like Super Bowl Drive and World Series Court.
Kenny De La Torre said she's lived on Stanley Cup Drive for 13 years, but it only started getting funny looks since the Golden Knights came to Las Vegas.
"Before it was never a big deal, but now they ask 'Stanley Cup?'"
Them and their neighbors' attitudes changed too.
"We didn't even care anything about hockey until we learned about the Golden Knights, and we started gaining some pride over it," De La Torre said. "I think everybody is just proud and all for them."
They said if the Golden Knights go all the way and hoist the NHL's biggest prize, the Stanley Cup should make a stop on the street that shares its name.
"Absolutely we should (have the cup come to our street)," De La Torre said with a laugh. "Let us know, and we'll have a barbecue for them."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
#groot is now officially a #dockdog Such good boys, except for them trying to carry Sylvia away. #hody came in second Groot in third. Staying for finals. #dogsoﬁnstagram #dogsofen #dogsofhorsenation
A post shared by Helen Bird (@nelehdrib) on Jun 18, 2017 at 11:13am PDT
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 25: Clayton Richard #27 of the San Diego Padres pitches during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants at PETCO Park on September 25, 2016 in San Diego, California. (Photo by Denis Poroy/Getty Images)
The countdown is over!
The San Diego Padres celebrated Valentine's Day in Peoria, Arizona on Tuesday. Technically only pitchers and catchers were required to dodge cupid's arrows at the Peoria Sports Complex but a few position players were on deck.
Padres utility player Christian Bethancourt is pulling double (possibly triple) duty. The multipurpose 25-year-old will be working on both their catching and pitching skills this week. Last season they made two appearances on the mound for the Friars. During the off season Bethancourt pitched in the Winter League in their native country of Panama. Their versatility is certainly an asset but the layout of their training is still being ironed out.
“For now I'm just going to be, the first few days, doing catching drills and then the third day I'll be doing pitching stuff,” Bethancourt said of their training schedule for the week. “After that we'll see how it works, see how it feels and after that we'll start working from there.”
Bethancourt joked about possibly reporting again on Friday as an outfielder when position players arrive. But he's not the only one getting a head start. Outfielder Travis Jankowski, and infielders Ryan Schimpf and Cory Spangenberg, who missed the latter part of the 2016 season due to a hamstring injury, both reported to the Peoria Sports Complex on Tuesday.
With the optimism that comes with the start of spring training, so does the hope of a strong young team. We'll have to see how the players come together this spring as they head into the 2017, but the players are ready to get back at it.
“I am excited and grateful for the opportunity to be back. To me and my family this is a very special place and a special organization” Padres pitcher Clayton Richard said. “There's an exciting group of guys in the clubhouse and it's going to be a lot of fun this year to be a part of that.”
The Friars will play their first game, a charity matchup, against the Seattle Mariners on Saturday, Feb. 25 at the Peoria Sports Complex.
Micro Com Systems shares details of scanning archival books and other precious volumes
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 14, 2017) - Micro Com Systems, a scanning service in Vancouver, has experience performing a wide variety of conversion tasks. Their longstanding mission has been to assist companies and government agencies in their transition to digital capture and storage of office records. However, many clients have precious books, old volumes of all sizes and descriptions that also require special care. In a new web post, Micro Com Systems explains how they can assist with these jobs. For more, go to: http://www.microcomsys.com/solutions/document-scanning/archival/
Many of the books clients want scanned are priceless in terms of appearance and content. The technicians at Micro Com Systems scoured the marketplace, looking for the best device that could reliably capture information without potentially harming these precious antiques. Eventually, they decided on the Atiz Bookdrive Pro.
The simple but ingenious design of the Bookdrive Pro allows it to capture both sides of a book right to the gutter or margin at very high resolution. It captures full color images and records it in a RAW format.
During subsequent processing, team technicians will perform image cleanup, color manipulation, cropping and conversion to any image format. The result is a true-to-format document that can be read and shared, without compromising the original.
To learn more about document scanning and digitization services offered by Micro Com Systems Vancouver, please contact (604) 872-6771.
About the Company
Since 1975, Micro Com Systems has been providing local businesses with Document Management Solutions. Their list of products and services includes: Document Imaging & Management, Archival & Book Scanning, Medical Imaging, OCR, Large Format Scanning, Microfilm Scanning, Aperture Card Scanning, Enterprise Report Management (ERM), High Speed Printing, Capture Software, and Capture Equipment.
For more information, please visit http://www.microcomsys.com/ or call (604) 872-6771.
The Cannabist got an early start on the “high holidays” with The Official 4/20 Week Kickoff Party last Friday in the lobby of The Denver Post building.
The private event brought together numerous cannabis business owners to celebrate the boom time of legalized marijuana, and to get ready for the intense week ahead.
During the happening, attendees were introduced to The Cannabist's new Editor-in-Chief, Alex Pasquariello, in an interview with our previous leader (now contributing editor) Ricardo Baca. There was more in-depth cannabis conversation between Julian Marley, who's the son of Bob Marley and owner of Juju Royal, and the host of the weekly Cannabist Show talk show, Jake Browne.
Industry guests enjoyed an open bar, on-premises consumption in the Weedstreamer (a private Airstream trailer that can be rented for events) and treats from vendors, and they also got a sneak peek of a new-look coming for The Cannabist this fall.
The event was sponsored by Nichols Venture Group, Binske, Emerald Fields, New Frontier and Vapor Slide.
Check out photos from the event and photobooth on Facebook, and if you were there, tag yourself and your biz associates and friends.
DURANT, OKLA. - The teams combined for 29 runs and 30 hits, but Southeastern was unable to complete a rally in the ninth inning, falling to Washburn 15-14 on Monday afternoon at The Ballpark in Durant.
The loss drops the Savage Storm to 10-16 overall heading into a Tuesday afternoon non-conference matchup with East Central at 2 p.m. on March 20.
Brett Akins finished the day 4-for-5 at the plate to lead the offense, while Bryce Deatherage added three hits.
Travis Spinney, Austin Ferguson, Jett Swigart, and Harrison Whitworth each added a pair of hits as well.
Akins and Spinney drove in three runs apiece, with Swigart adding a pair of RBIs, while Deatherage, Ferguson, and Whitworth plated one each.
Scott Brinkley got the start and tossed 2.2 innings and took a no decision after allowing five runs on six hits.
Dallas Guerrero was tagged for three runs in one-third of an inning before handing off to Cody Johnson who tossed 3.0 innings and allowed three runs on three hits.
Tiler Fletcher tossed 1.1 innings and was hit with the loss after allowing four runs on three hits.
Jake Patterson closed out the game with 1.2 innings of scoreless work, allowing a hit and striking out three.
A two-run Akins double in the bottom of the first put Southeastern out to a 2-0 lead.
The Ichabods got one run back in the top of the second with a solo homer to make it 2-1.
Deatherage would get the offense moving again in the bottom of the second with a double to drive in Cade Clay.
That was followed two batters later by an RBI single by Ferguson and an RBI triple from Akins to open up a 5-1 lead, with Akins coming home on a wild pitch to push the lead to 6-1.
Washburn closed the gap with a four-run top of the third inning to cut SE's lead to 6-5.
Clay scored on a wild pitch to get the Storm back on the board in the bottom of the third, and that was followed three batters later by a three-run Spinney line-drive homer over the left field wall to push the edge out to 10-5.
However, WU sent 10 batters to the plate in the top of the fourth, taking advantage of five free passes to put up five runs and knot the game at 10-10 midway through the fourth inning.
SE took an 11-10 lead on a Swigart RBI single in the bottom of the sixth.
Unfortunately, the Ichabods answered with four runs in the seventh and another in the eighth to gain the lead at 15-11.
A Swigart RBI double in the bottom of the eighth would kick off a rally, and they would score on a wild pitch to close it to 15-13.
Whitworth would follow with a solo homer to cut the deficit to 15-14, but the Storm would leave the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth to fall 15-14.
Image copyright HMRC Image caption Some of the haul of cigarettes recovered during the swoop
A convenience store assistant who was found with non-duty paid cigarettes stuffed down their trousers has been jailed for almost a year.
HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and Trading Standards officers visited the Kurdistan Shop on Westmuir Street, Glasgow, in 2015.
Kameran Kader, 42, was discovered with 1,400 non-duty paid cigarettes concealed in their jogging bottoms.
A further 137,160 non-duty paid cigarettes were found in popcorn boxes.
The total duty evaded was £41,259.62.
Joe Hendry, assistant director of HMRC's Fraud Investigation Service, said: "Criminals like Kader undercut legitimate retailers and deprive the UK of money needed to fund our public services.
"HMRC will continue to target the supply of illicit tobacco, which costs the UK around £2.5bn a year."
Kader, of Dunphail Drive, Glasgow, was charged in May 2015 but absconded for a preliminary hearing in March last year.
A warrant was issued and they were brought into custody on 7 February.
Last month Kader admitted the fraudulent evasion of Excise Duty and on Wednesday they were jailed for 346 days.
William Zarit, chairperson of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, said Washington's threat of tariffs appeared to have been "somewhat effective" thus far.
"I don't think it is only a tactic, personally," they told reporters on Wednesday, adding that the group does not view tariffs as the best way to address the trade frictions.
"The thinking became that if the U.S. doesn't have any leverage and there is no pressure on our Chinese friends, then we will not have serious negotiations."
China's Commerce Ministry reacted swiftly overnight with a short statement, saying it was surprised and saw it as contrary to the consensus both sides had reached recently.
The Global Times said the United States was suffering from a "delusion" and warned that the "trade renege could leave Washington dancing with itself."
The widely read tabloid is run by the Communist Party's official People's Daily, although its stance does not necessarily reflect Chinese government policy.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is scheduled to visit Beijing from June 2-4 to try and get China to agree to firm numbers for additional U.S. exports to the country. Brendan McDermid / Reuters file
"The Chinese government will have the necessary measures in place to deal with a U.S. withdrawal from any settled agreement. If the U.S. wants to play games, then China would be more than willing to play along and do so until the very end," it said.
Commerce Secretary Ross is scheduled to visit Beijing from June 2 to June 4 to try and get China to agree to firm numbers for additional U.S. exports to the country.
The deal to reduce China's trade surplus with the U.S. was separate from the U.S. probe into China's alleged theft of intellectual property.
A White House official said on Tuesday that the U.S. government plans to shorten the length of visas issued to some Chinese citizens as part of a strategy to prevent intellectual property theft by U.S. rivals.
Citing a document issued by the Trump administration in December, the official said the U.S. government would consider restrictions on visas for science and technology students from some countries.
The China Daily newspaper said the repeated U.S. claim that Beijing had forced foreign firms to transfer their technologies to Chinese businesses was without evidence and was being used as an excuse to facilitate its trade protectionism.
It said technology transfers between U.S. companies and their Chinese partners were the result of normal business practices, not coercive policies.
NEW YORK (AP) — Joey “Jaws” Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
“I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. “I was feeling good today.”
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
“Frankly, the judging was just off,” George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. “Joey said, ‘look at my plates' and Carmen said ‘look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74.”
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
“At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record,” said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. “Apparently they were good dogs.”
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.”
“We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — With Cleveland in town to begin a four-game series, Minnesota Twins chief baseball officer Derek Falvey sure had their hands full.
So many friends to greet. So many hugs to exchange. Even some inside information on the Indians to share with their current team, less than six months after they left their post as Cleveland's assistant general manager for the top front office job with Minnesota.
“You're competitive at heart, but it's been family for a long time so it's hard not to feel that side of it, too,” said the 34-year-old Falvey, who spent nine seasons working their way up the Indians organization after starting as a baseball operations intern.
During that time, they became a confidant of Indians manager Terry Francona, helping them with everything from scouting reports to printer repair.
“There's nothing that's beneath him,” Francona said.
When the two reunited on Monday, Falvey said they were almost moved to tears.
“It's just that kind of relationship,” they said.
Francona is 23 years older than Falvey, but they considered themselves peers.
“He's very special, and it's not just me,” Francona said. “Everybody wanted to get a piece of them today. That's because they were so important to everything we did around here, and he's such a good guy.”
Falvey stayed with Cleveland all the way through Game 7 of the World Series, losing the clincher to the Chicago Cubs. That was the last time they saw most of the Indians players and staff, prior to their arrival at Target Field.
“He found a way to connect with everybody here,” Francona said. “Whether it was in the office or with the players or coaches, they crossed over every line there was. They were a favorite.”
Francona good-naturedly prodded Falvey for tips about how to get Twins hitters out, one request they could finally turn down.
“You certainly don't forget where you came from, and a lot of the people on that side there are responsible for the things I've learned in my life in baseball so far,” Falvey said. “So I feel very fortunate, but once you compete and the game's on, it's on full tilt.”
The insight, of course, was saved for Twins manager Paul Molitor.
“We've had chats about their personnel a little bit, some things that might not jump out at you in terms of numbers,” Molitor said. “Whether they'll be game-changers or not, we'll have to see. But we'll take all the information and inside trading, if you will, and try to use it the best way we can.”
How about Francona's signs?
“I've known Tito's for a couple years,” Molitor said jokingly, with a wry smile about one of their former teammates.
The Indians surely stayed a step ahead of Falvey on this anyway.
“I did know them, I'll say that,” they said, “but I would be shocked if they have the same signs.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
When your kids were living at home, you had some control over what they ate. Maybe you had family dinners or bought the groceries for the house. But now that your kid is leaving the nest, they will have full control over what they do and don't put in their bodies.
Hopefully, you've been supporting healthy eating habits and that knowledge will stay with them into their post-high school lives. If you haven't, all hope is not lost. Either way, there are a few things you can continue to do to encourage your young adult to eat healthy.
More from Parent Toolkit: 8 Life Skills Your Teen Needs Before Moving Out
Make sure they have basic cooking skills
“I'll be honest, I don't have a lot of expertise in that area. The one time my mom let me make an egg they thought I was going to burn the house down.” – Jasman, Class of 2018, New Jersey
Maybe cooking together has always been a family activity at your house. But even if it hasn't, you can work with your teen before they leave to make sure they know some basic skills. Do they know how to boil water and run a stove or microwave? Can they make basic food for themselves, like eggs, soup, sandwiches, or salads? If not, get in the kitchen and teach them!
Florida-based registered dietitian Roniece Weaver recommends assigning a simple cooking task while they're still at home until their skills improve. It can be a great way to get them excited about cooking and inspired to do it on their own. You may be pleasantly surprised how quickly they are able to make full, healthy meals on their own.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dylan Dreyer: Why I Chose Rutgers University 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Or if you're up for it, try taking an intro cooking class together. It can be a fun way to learn some new skills while also being a great bonding experience before they move out. Even if they have moved out, you can still take a class together. It can be a great opportunity to keep the lines of communication open. You can also gift a cooking class that they could take with their friends, or suggest websites that either have recipes with video help or teach cooking skills. Connecticut-based nutritionist Dr. Deb Kennedy recommends the website Craftsy for help.
Send a healthy care package
Whether they're in college or living out on their own, a care package can be a great way to say “I care” while also encouraging healthy habits. Instead of including candy or chips, try packing dried fruit and nut mix, different kinds of flavored or herbal teas, or whole wheat pretzels. Missouri-based pediatrician Natasha Burgert says a meal subscription, like HelloFresh or Blue Apron, can be another great gift. So is a gift certificate to a local grocery store.
More from Parent Toolkit: 4 Tips to Help Teens Manage Money
If you like to make homemade care package gifts, try replacing traditional cookies made with butter and lots of sugar with a lighter banana oat cookie. If you have a couple of overripe bananas on hand, just mash them together with some rolled oats, chopped nuts, and a little cinnamon. Form them into cookies and bake them for 15 minutes at 350 degrees for a surprisingly sweet and healthy alternative to sugar-laden cookies. Kennedy says homemade granola and jerky are also yummy treats that your child can grab and go during this busy time in their lives.
Share recipes
Have a favorite food blog or recipe website you follow? Share it with your adult children. Do your kids have a site they like? Have them share it with you. When a recipe catches your eye that looks healthy and simple, share it. Better yet, try new recipes together, even if you're not physically in the same place. You can each take turns picking a new recipe to try regularly and report back what you thought — once a week, once a month, whatever works with your schedules. Remember to share photos of the finished product! Not only is it a great way to get everyone eating healthy, but it can be a fun way to stay in touch.
BETHLEHEM, PA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - The appropriate use of parenteral nutrition, a topic of growing importance for treating critically ill patients, is the focus for the symposium sponsored by B. Braun Medical Inc. at this year's American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (A.S.P.E.N.) Clinical Nutrition Week.
B. Braun will present Dr. Gordon S. Doig, a leading researcher in the area of early parenteral nutrition in critically ill patients, at the symposium for continuing education credits on Feb. 19 from 6:30 a.m. - 7:30 a.m. in Grand Ballroom 8A at the Marriott Orlando World Center in Orlando, Fla. The event will be preceded by a breakfast buffet at 6:00 a.m.
Doig's research, which has been published in the Journal of the American Medical Association and ClinicoEconomics and Outcomes Research, concludes that the use of parenteral nutrition in critically ill patients with short-term, relative contraindications to enteral nutrition may result in improved patient outcomes and significantly reduce total cost of care. Doig is associate professor of intensive care at the University of Sydney and Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney, Australia.
B. Braun's response to help address malnutrition in the hospitalized and home care patient will be presented throughout Clinical Nutrition Week, Feb. 18-20. B. Braun representatives at booth #201 will be available to discuss the company's new parenteral nutrition program -- PN360.
According to the December 2016 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) statistical brief #218, malnutrition has been associated with longer and more costly hospital stays, as well as a greater likelihood of comorbidity and death among hospitalized patients. Malnutrition may also contribute to post hospital syndrome, described as "an acquired transient period of vulnerability" following hospitalization, which may dramatically increase the risk of readmission, the brief indicated.
Also on Feb. 19, from 12:45 p.m. to 1:45 p.m., B. Braun will host a poster session in the exhibit hall on "Understanding the Incidence of Bloodstream Infections and Patient Outcomes by Type of Parenteral Nutrition Preparation Method." B. Braun's poster detailing the session will be on display starting at 6 p.m. on Feb.18.
B. Braun also will showcase its new macro and micro APEX® compounding system at booth #201 for health care facilities that need in-house compounding capabilities, and its wide selection of amino acid formulations, standard solutions, and related additives, in containers that are not made with natural rubber latex, PVC or DEHP.
About B. Braun
B. Braun Medical Inc., a leader in infusion therapy and pain management, develops, manufactures, and markets innovative medical products and services to the health care industry. The company is committed to eliminating preventable treatment errors and enhancing patient, clinician and environmental safety. B. Braun Medical is headquartered in Bethlehem, Pa., and is part of the B. Braun Group of Companies in the U.S., which includes B. Braun Interventional Systems, Aesculap® and CAPS®.
Globally, the B. Braun Group of Companies employs more than 56,000 employees in more than 60 countries. Guided by its Sharing Expertise® philosophy, B. Braun continuously exchanges knowledge with customers, partners and clinicians to address the critical issues of improving care and lowering costs. To learn more about B. Braun Medical, visit www.BBraunUSA.com.
Steve Hemmert turned in their two AR-style rifles to Miami police Saturday, March 17, 2018, as part of the department's gun buyback event. Ken Russell
Thousands of job-seekers across America lined up outside Amazon's gigantic warehouses Wednesday hoping to get hired as part of the retail giant's first national "Jobs Day."
The jobs fair, which aims to hire 50,000 workers within a four-hour time frame at 12 fulfillment center locations ranging from Washington State to Tennessee, is part of Amazon's pledge to hire 130,000 workers by 2018.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amazon job fair is expected to attract thousands across the country 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In Robbinsville, New Jersey, Morgan Devries, 21, told NBC News they used to work in retail but is now applying for work at Amazon because the industry doesn't pay well enough.
"I work at the airport and they are paying people $12 and under [per hour]," Clarence Williams told NBC News. "People cannot live on that type of wage! If you look at the long line, no one here is making good money."
Though Amazon and other retailers traditionally make a summer hiring push in order to ramp up for the busy holiday shopping season, the scale of the hiring is in stark contrast to the brick-and-mortar retail Armageddon — thousands of store closings that the over-built retail industry has blamed on Amazon's ability to get shoppers to buy from home online.
"Amazon just continues to grow, and it's hard to predict what that means for the future of retail," Business Insider Your Money editor Lauren Lyons Cole told NBC News.
"As it is right now, small businesses — even large businesses — are having a very hard time competing and keeping up with Amazon."
Job seekers line up to apply during "Amazon Jobs Day" at the Amazon.com Fulfillment Center in Fall River, Massachusetts on August 2, 2017. Brian Snyder / Reuters
The company says it offers competitive pay and benefits for full-time workers as well as part-time workers after they've been employed 90 days. Wages for the advertised positions range from $11.50 an hour in Tennessee to $13.75 an hour near Amazon's Seattle headquarters.
Growth in online warehouse jobs have transformed some sleepy local economies into "fulfillment towns," boosting population, raising wages, and increasing sales tax revenue.
Amazon employees work at the Amazon Fulfillment Center on August 2, 2017 in Robbinsville, New Jersey. Mark Makela / Getty Images
Amazon asks prospective employees to bring photo ID and refrain from wearing dangly clothing, keep hair and beards tidy, and to wear close-toe shoes.
If you can't make it to one of the fairs, don't worry. You don't have to visit a "brick-and-mortar" hiring location in order to help kill brick-and-mortar retail. Amazon also lets you apply online.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
Beduin lawlessness in the Negev is nothing new. And our law enforcement institutions are fighting an uphill battle.
In the Negev, subversion of law and order begins from the ground up. Dozens of illegally built Beduin villages are strewn throughout the region. Attempts by the state to bring order and regulate where one can and cannot build have been met by often violent protests. In January 2017, Yacoub Mousa Abu Al-Qia'an and police officer Erez Lev were killed during rioting in Umm al-Hiran, an illegal Beduin village.
NGOs such as Adalah with stridently anti-Zionist and progressive agendas accuse the government and the Supreme Court of racism. Radical activists claim the “indigenous” status of Beduin gives them a mandate to ignore Israeli law. And this gives justification for Beduin “revenge” attacks against neighboring kibbutzim and Jewish villages that include the destruction of irrigation systems, thefts and structural damage after every evacuation of an illegal Beduin village.The bizarre cooperation between progressives and Muslim fundamentalists, familiar in Europe and in the US, is on full display in the Negev as well. Those clamoring to protect the property rights of Beduin in the name of a self-styled anti-imperialist agenda are remarkably silent about polygamy – illegal in Israel – and violence against Beduin women, including against those who dare to pursue an advanced education away from their village.The lawlessness extends to Beduin's relations with their Jewish fellow citizens as well. Dozens of Jewish business owners are forced to pay extortion in the form of “security services.” A Beduin must be hired by the business to “protect” against theft. If the business owner chooses not to participate in the proffered arrangement, they or they become the target of thefts.Beduin gangs also attack drivers on the roads and engage in petty thefts. Camels left unattended stray onto the roads, resulting in dozens of accidents and at least one death in recent years, that of David Cohen of Retamim, a Negev kibbutz.It has become accepted practice that Mekorot, the national water company, and the Israel Electric Corporation turn a blind eye to Beduin rigging of water and electric lines. They know from experience that it is cheaper for them to ignore the thefts. Attempts to combat the thefts result in constant sabotage of water and electric lines.Clearly a large part of the problem of lawlessness in the Negev stems from the Beduin's feeling of disenfranchisement from the Jewish state. And this is a vicious circle: The state of lawlessness strengthens the feeling among Beduin that they are outside the state's purview, which deepens their alienation.Organizations intent on bashing Israel for its “racist” settlement policy in the Negev are a radicalizing element, as are Arab Knesset members who regularly take the side of the lawless Beduin squatters against the state.Part of the solution is to double down on enforcement so that the rule of law is not undermined in the Negev.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement on Monday that the government will take steps to ensure that the law will be better enforced in the South is encouraging.“The law applies to everyone,” Netanyahu said at a meeting of the Ministerial Committee on the Arab sector. “We cannot tolerate violating the law and we will take action.”Netanyahu was responding to two videos that went viral in recent days. One shows men leaning out of their cars shooting rifles toward the sky, reportedly during a wedding in the Beduin village of Segev Shalom.The other video is security camera footage of Beduin attacking a car stopped at a red light on a main thoroughfare in the Negev.The challenges facing Israel in integrating its Arab and Beduin citizens is not unlike Europe's difficulty dealing with the waves of immigrants from Muslim states, many of whom are refugees fleeing the fighting in Syria. In both cases, democratic societies are grappling with a radicalized Muslim minority that feels alienated in part because it does not share the values of the majority culture.There are no easy answers to this state of affairs. But a good place to start is enforcing the rule of law, which is the basis for every healthy democracy.
Celebs pay tribute to slain EMT The cast of TV's “Blue Bloods,” Broadway's “Wicked” and other entertainment bigs paid tribute this weekend to slain EMS paramedic Yadira Arroyo of The Bronx. TV actor Amy Carlson posted...
Isaiah Washington leaned on military past for 'Blue Bloods' role Every TV guest star wants to make a good impression on the cast. So when Isaiah Washington came to work with Tom Selleck on the CBS cop drama “Blue Bloods,”...
Bridget Moynahan calling for Trump's tax returns “If they have nothing to hide, they should have no problem showing," Moynahan posted to social media.
Actor busted with fake federal IDs escaped prison decades ago It's one way to prep for roles. A man who was busted in Queens with an alleged cache of fake federal-agent IDs played a fed on the FBI-thriller “Quantico” —...
Tweet success and loyalty for 'Scandal,' 'Empire' No surprise here — fans of the social-media savvy “Scandal” are among the most loyal on TV. According to a new study, 24 percent of people tweeting about ABC's prime-time...
Tom Selleck's sex appeal isn't having a drought For the past four years, Southern California has been struggling with a crippling drought — said to be the worst in the area in 1,200 years, according to the American...
Terrible TV accents that'll make you reach for the earplugs Having the training to sustain an accent over the course of a series has done wonders for the careers of actors like Hugh Laurie and Ruth Wilson, who fooled a...
'Poor doors' to appear on 'Blue Bloods' It's an open-and-shut case. New York's notorious “poor door” is getting the TV treatment — ­appearing in a crime scene in an ­upcoming episode of the CBS police drama “Blue...
Reality sets in for Wahlberg, McCarthy Newlyweds Donnie Wahlberg and Jenny McCarthy will star in a new A&E reality series following the couple as they adjust to married life. The 10-episode “Donnie Loves Jenny” will be...
Advanced natural language generation transforms data into Intelligent Narratives
CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Narrative Science, the leader in advanced natural language generation (Advanced NLG) for the enterprise, announced the general availability of its Narratives for Business Intelligence API that enables BI and Analytics companies to enhance their platforms with Intelligent Narratives. Powered by artificial intelligence, Intelligent Narratives dynamically explain insights from data in natural language enabling all users to understand and share these insights for faster and smarter decision-making. They also power conversations by allowing users to interact with data insights through voice or text. Gartner predicts that, "by 2019, natural-language generation will be a standard feature of 90% of modern BI platforms." (Gartner, Other Vendors to Consider for Modern BI and Analytics, November 2016)
This flexible API allows BI and Analytics companies to seamlessly integrate Advanced NLG capabilities into their platform in less than 24 hours and revolutionize the way users interpret and communicate data. Benefits of the API include:
Broaden adoption of business intelligence - Empower everyone, regardless of data literacy, to easily interpret, communicate, and act on data insights.
- Empower everyone, regardless of data literacy, to easily interpret, communicate, and act on data insights. Enhance smart data discovery capabilities - Expedite the user's time to deeper discovery through automating advanced analytics that highlight what matters most.
- Expedite the user's time to deeper discovery through automating advanced analytics that highlight what matters most. Drive innovative product development - Leverage Advanced NLG to power conversations, enhance the mobile experience, and disrupt the market by introducing new ways to integrate natural language.
Bernard Marr, an internationally recognized expert in business performance and data, shares, "In a world where 'drowning in data' is a real danger that I see many companies falling foul of, the emphasis needs to move away from analyzing everything we possibly can, to identifying what is truly important. Advanced NLG is one of the key technologies powering the move to a data-driven society, and this API makes it available to a whole new audience."
"We're thrilled to launch this API and make natural language generation more widely available. Our partners are our top priority and we're excited to closely collaborate with them to help them deliver a differentiated, intuitive user experience that drives platform engagement," said Mauro Mujica-Parodi, General Manager of Integrated Narrative Solutions and Applications at Narrative Science. "Data increasingly plays a role in our lives and our API transforms that data into meaningful, actionable language."
To learn more about the Narratives for Business Intelligence API, visit here: https://www.narrativescience.com/narratives-business-intelligence.
About Narrative Science
Narrative Science is the leader in advanced natural language generation for the enterprise. Its Quill™ platform, an intelligent system, analyzes data from disparate sources, understands what is interesting and important to the end user and then automatically generates perfectly written narratives for any intended audience, at unlimited scale. A diverse range of companies such as USAA, Deloitte, MasterCard, American Century Investments, and the U.S. intelligence community utilize Quill to increase efficiency through the elimination of time-consuming, manual processes related to analyzing data and communicating insights, freeing employees to focus on high-value activities and better serving their customers.
Connect with Narrative Science
Read our blog: http://www.narrativescience.com/blog/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/narrativesci
Visit us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/NarrativeScience
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Welcome to Monday Motivation! Our new weekly series that features athletes giving us their best advice on life, fitness and everything in between. This week, Luke Kerr-Dineen caught up with J.J. Watt for some helpful advice about using social media and how to use your voice for good.
When devastating flooding hit the Houston area you raised more than $37 million for Hurricane Harvey relief. Why has using social media as a platform been so important to you?
Athletes in today's world, with social media, have a tremendous ability to get a message out there and use your platform to do some good in the world. It's up to each individual how they use it, but this year we've seen more athletes than ever use their platforms to start so many important conversations.
A few photos from today's visit to a few of the sites where great work is being done using the funds you all so generously donated. Explanation and videos on my Instagram story and Snapchat. pic.twitter.com/FbqCMGRRLi — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) December 1, 2017
A lot of people were inspired by you actions. What advice do you have for people who want to make a difference?
My best piece of advice would be to start small. start local. Go out into your community after school and build it from there. Do what you're passionate about. Go out there and find a cause that you're really passionate about and help in that area because if you're passionate about something, you're going to work that much harder.
Nevada Highway Patrol troopers said they are investigating a deadly motorcycle crash in Searchlight Saturday morning.
Troopers responded to the crash at 9:27 a.m. on U.S. 95 in Searchlight.
According to Trooper Jason Buratczuk, of NHP, a man on the motorcycle was pronounced dead at the scene. A female passenger was airlifted to University Medical Center in critical condition.
Buratczuk said the motorcycle was the only vehicle involved in the crash.
Road closures are in place, Buratczuk said.
An investigation on the crash is ongoing.
Further details were not immediately released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
PARIS — The helicopter pilot who was taken hostage in the escape from prison by one of France's most notorious criminals said the convict's accomplices beat and threatened them during their kidnapping.
Stephane Buy, an experienced pilot and instructor, told RTL radio on Wednesday that two men at a flying club near Paris forced them to take off Sunday at gunpoint.
They knew them because they had previously made a flight with him.
“They told me that I had to comply and do my job well or my family would be in danger, that someone was in front of my home,” they said, their voice breaking with emotion.
First, they made them touch down in a field so others on the breakout team could get onboard. At that point, the engine of the old-timer helicopter from the 1960s didn't restart.
Buy said the men hit them on the head and they briefly fell unconscious.
“It was terrible, because I felt helpless in front of that engine, which I had tried to restart five, six times,” they said.
The engine finally restarted and they headed to Reau Prison, south of Paris, to hustle convict Redoine Faid to freedom.
The breakout crew made Buy touch down in a tiny area of the courtyard. One member of the team then stayed with them and forced them to wait, hovering about 1 1/2 metres (about 5 feet) above the ground in the prison courtyard.
“It seemed like an eternity,” they said. “My fear was that the fuel level was running low … I didn't know where they would lead me next.”
Buy said Faid, the 46-year-old serial robber serving 25 years for murder, remained largely silent during the flight. They said they didn't know who Faid was, even though they are a notorious figure in France who has also written a book on their life of crime.
The men made the pilot head to a suburban town north of Paris where they released them and set fire to the helicopter.
French police have launched a massive manhunt for Faid, who has not been seen since the breakout Sunday.
Buy said they still hope to be able to fly again in the coming days.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new type of conductive graphene foam is incredibly tough and and can be formed into just about any shape and size.
A chunk of the foam, which is reinforced by carbon nanotubes, can support more than 3,000 times its own weight and easily bounce back to its original height.
The Rice University lab of chemist James Tour tested this new “rebar graphene” as a highly porous, conductive electrode in lithium-ion capacitors and found it to be mechanically and chemically stable. The results appear in the journal ACS Applied Materials and Interfaces.
Carbon in the form of atom-thin graphene is among the strongest materials known and is highly conductive; multiwalled carbon nanotubes are widely used as conductive reinforcements in metals, polymers and carbon matrix composites. The Tour lab had already used nanotubes to reinforce two-dimensional sheets of graphene. Extending the concept to macroscale materials made sense, says Tour, a professor of computer science and of materials science and nanoengineering.
“We developed graphene foam, but it wasn't tough enough for the kind of applications we had in mind, so using carbon nanotubes to reinforce it was a natural next step,” Tour adds.
The 3D structures were created from a powdered nickel catalyst, surfactant-wrapped multiwall nanotubes and sugar as a carbon source. The materials were mixed and the water evaporated; the resulting pellets were pressed into a steel die and then heated in a chemical vapor deposition furnace, which turned the available carbon into graphene.
After further processing to remove remnants of nickel, the result was an all-carbon foam in the shape of the die, in this case a screw. Tour says the method will be easy to scale up.
Electron microscope images of the foam showed partially unzipped outer layers of the nanotubes had bonded to the graphene, which accounted for its strength and resilience. Graphene foam produced without the rebar could support only about 150 times its own weight while retaining the ability to rapidly return to its full height. But rebar graphene irreversibly deformed by about 25 percent when loaded with more than 8,500 times its weight.
Other researchers from Rice and Tianjin University in China contributed to the work. The Air Force Office of Scientific Research and its Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative supported it.
Source: Rice University
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
ALLIANCE, Ohio — Thirty-eight members of the Country Barbwires 4-H club met recently at the Beechwood Methodist Church.
Members were slated to complete a community service trash pickup, but the project was postponed because of rain. Members will also be participating in a Memorial Day parade and clothing drive.
The club toured White Physical Therapy Services, and had demonstrations on Mac Trailer, Family Farm & Home, Morrow Services, and Jalisco's Mexican Restaurant.
• • •
MANSFIELD, Ohio — Richland County youth programs are benefiting from Ohio's recent victory in the national 4-H Raise Your Hand competition.
As one of 35 counties with the highest participation, Richland County received $200 to use for local youth programs. Richland County has nearly 800 community club members.
This is the second year in a row Ohio has won the competition, raising nearly 18,000 hands in support of 4-H.
• • •
BURTON, Ohio — Geauga Beef & Swine 4-H hosted a meeting May 20 at the Geauga County Fairgrounds.
Presentations were given, including; Justin Kordos on lameness in poultry, Brock Calabrese on anemia in swine, Coby Calabrese on whipworms, Travis Gotliebiowski on nodular worms and Trevor Gotliebiowski on kidney worms.
The logo on the new club shirts was discussed. The safety topic was escape planning and water quality was also discussed. Each cloverbud member was assigned an older member to mentor them and prepare them for fair. They reviewed educational information on swine, turkeys and beef.
They had a community service project May 19 at the Geauga County Home where members had pizza and cookies with the residents while they played games with them. They also planted flowers around the property.
I'm a firm believer that first and foremost, food needs to be delicious. There is simply nothing very inspiring about a bland bowl of flavorless quinoa. Yeah, perhaps it might be “healthy,” but who really wants to eat it? Where is the joy? Where is the pleasure? As a professional chef, I've watched from a distance as the Internet has exploded with endless recipes for healthy food. And while there are a lot of great ideas and great dishes circulating, I find that the little tricks of the trade that we chefs learn growing up in kitchens are often overlooked. Armed with a little bit of savvy and a well-tuned palate, you can turn the ordinary into the extraordinary.
1. Season, season, season
One of the most common mistakes home cooks make is not being assertive enough when it comes to seasoning. Often, a little extra salt and pepper or even some lightly chopped herbs will go a long way to bringing out the natural flavors of a dish. Just imagine a roast chicken without salt and pepper. Blech! Now add some coarse sea salt, cracked pepper, crushed thyme and rosemary, lemon zest, maybe even some coriander seeds and sesame seeds. Suddenly, that pedestrian bird has become a flavorful masterpiece.
2. But season as you go, too
You want to add salt in stages to build flavor. Taste your salt to see how salty it is and adjust the amounts you add to your dish accordingly. Keep in mind that teaspoon for teaspoon, finer salts tend to add more saltiness.
Chef Seamus Mullen eating a beautiful and healthy breakfast of eggs, bacon and kimchi in their Brooklyn kitchen.
3. Start with good salt
I prefer sea salt for its complex and concentrated saltiness and its abundance of minerals. My friends at Jacobsen Salt Co., in Portland, Oregon, harvest all their salt from the pristine waters of the northwestern coastline. I often finish dishes with Jacobsen's flake finishing sea salt and really like Jacobsen's specialty salts, particularly the one infused with ghost chile.
4. Think of the four points of the compass of our palate: salty, sweet, sour, spicy.
Playing spicy off sweet (think: mango and chiles) or sour off salty (think: salt and vinegar chips) can make a dish really feel balanced and craveable. I don't always have these elements in equal parts. Sometimes you want one flavor profile to dominate the others, but having a balance makes for a successful and exciting dish.
Flash back to recipe testing for my new book #realfoodheals which drops next Tuesday! Still time to pre-order! Link in my bio! Happy, healthy weekend y'all!!! A post shared by Seamus Mullen (@seamusmullen) on Aug 18, 2017 at 2:32pm PDT
5. Food tastes better when it looks good
I'm not saying you should pull out tweezers to compose fussy plates of food, but you shouldn't dump the food on a plate. There's a difference between rustic and sloppy.
No Ordinary Apartment
Interior Concept, Design and Curation by Annabell Kutucu
Photography by Claus Brechenmacher
Located in the bustling neighborhood of the 6th district in Vienna, this 300sqm apartment is a place of retreat for a well-travelled design aficionado.
The apartment is divided in two units with seamless connection through wooden sliding doors. High ceilings and big windows create an overall spacious feel. The bright open-plan living, kitchen and dining space is the center of the apartment where friends come together for long dinners and endless talks.
A composition of custom-made interiors, wooden furniture, rough linen and carpets, selected mid-century vintage finds and unique objects complement the general monochrome and understated design concept.
The first of the 10 Toronto attack victims was named as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee at Invesco investment management firm.
This post will be updated to contain biographies and photos of each of the victims as they are named. You can learn more about D'Amico below.
Ten people were killed and 15 lay injured after a van rammed into pedestrians along a busy street in Toronto, Canada on April 23, 2018. The suspect has been identified as Alex Minassian, although the motive remains unclear.
Witnesses described a horrific scene in which the van leaped over a curb and mowed down people while traveling at a fast pace. Witness Christian Ali told CNN “he first saw a man unconscious at the side of the road and figured it was a terrible accident after also noticing debris from a car.”
“Two blocks over, I saw another gentleman unconscious in the middle of the road and a police officer leaning over them holding their neck,” Ali said to CNN. Photos of the aftermath showed tarp-covered bodies strewn along the roadway, a scene that has become all too family as van ramming incidents took lives in European cities like London, Nice, and Barcelona over recent years. Thus far, however, authorities in Canada do not suspect that the Toronto attack suspect, Alek Minassian, is tied to ISIS or an organized terror group, although the investigation is pending. A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise money for the victims' funeral expenses. Islamic Relief Canada has also established a fundraiser to help the victims' families.
Among those not fatally injured were three Koreans, one with serious injuries.
Here are the victims identified so far:
Anne Marie D'Amico
Anne Marie D'Amico, the first victim, was named on April 24, 2018.
On their Facebook page, they also wrote that they worked at Live Different, worked at the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto, and studied at Ryerson University.
Them last publicly available post on Facebook was from 2013. It read, “And God said let their be light on the Superbowl game…” They also wrote about going to Jamaica: “I'm leaving, on a jet plane again. Jamaica! We got a bobsled team! Rum, here I come.”
In 2010, they wrote about appearing in a talent competition: “Here I am at the Ram, on a Wednesday night about to perform the talent portion of the Mr./Ms. Ryerson Competition. Talent: Singing the ABCs backwards, while breaking boards. Apparently it was a lethal combination. What you don't see in the video was my first board breaking (P for punch) where the board flew out of Arzan's hand and into the audience. I'm still not sure if anyone was hurt during this filming. Pay attention to the audience's applause before and after my talent.”
This post will be updated with information about other victims as they are named.
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Raider football is rolling the dice.
Moving to a gambler's paradise.
Now can Roger Goodell
Break the Las Vegas spell
And keep NFL teams free of vice?
Say goodbye to the bleak winter gloom,
When the dogwood and daffodils bloom.
As the spring flowers sprout
Each azalea breaks out,
In its rich brightly colored costume
A good landscaper's job is quite hard.
Cutting shrubs by the foot leaves them scarred.
They trim grass by the inch
But good looks aren't a cinch
Because impressions are made by the yard.
Nearly 20 years after a Marion County man disappeared, their remains have finally been positively identified. West Virginia State Police have received DNA confirmation that remains found near the New River Gorge Bridge on March 10, 2016 belong to Robert Leroy Kovack. They were a Virginia Tech graduate student who went missing on Sept. 18, 1998.
According to a release from the state police, an examination of the partial skeleton showed that Kovack may have been hit by a car. They then fell from the New River Gorge Bridge.
The case is still under investigation the the Oak Hill Detachment of the State Police. Anyone with information on the case is asked to contact the detachment at 304-469-2915.
ABC News(WASHINGTON) — Sarah Sanders is known for their ability to face tough questions from the White House press corps, but when a student journalist questioned them at Wednesday's briefing about gun safety, they became visibly emotional.
“We recently had a lockdown drill,” the boy said from the back of the briefing room. “One thing that affects my and other students' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school.
“Specifically can you tell me what the administration has done and will do about these senseless tragedies?” they asked.
Sanders, who has three young children, started to reply, but choked up during their response.
“I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe so I'm sorry that you feel that way,” Sanders said.
“This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again — an official meeting — to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off,” they said.
The young visitor was Benje Choucroun, a 13 year old who was at the White House on behalf of Time For Kids, the publication tweeted.
The briefing comes in the wake of a string of school shootings, including in Santa Fe, Texas and Parkland, Florida.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Image caption Blaenau Gwent now has five food banks supporting thousands of people
The full roll out of universal credit could see a significant rise in people needing emergency food supplies in Wales, the Trussell Trust has warned.
Director Tony Graham said food banks in Wales were already preparing for more people needing help as the new benefits system is rolled out.
The new system replaces six benefits including housing benefit, unemployment benefits and tax credits.
The DWP said it will help to improve people's lives.
Image caption Tony Graham of the Trussell Trust said universal credit had already impacted the need for food banks in England
But some claimants who are on universal credit claim long delays in receiving benefits or changes to the money they receive has left them in poverty.
Mr Graham said: "We have seen a 30% increase in food bank usage in areas of universal credit roll-out in England, so we would expect similar sorts of averages to happen here in Wales when universal credit is fully rolled out."
Wales' first Trussell Trust food bank was set up at Festival Church in Ebbw Vale 10 years ago this week.
In its first year, it gave out 76 three-day emergency food supplies but the network has since grown to include 37 food banks and 110 distribution centres across Wales.
Last year, 95,190 three-day supplies were given out to families in crisis across Wales.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Blaenau Gwent food bank user numbers are 'quite scary'
Amanda Davies, project manager at Festival Church food bank, said demand had quadrupled since 2008.
Ms Davies said: "We're feeding thousands of people, and that's really sad.
"Some people are really terrified when they come here and yes, we've had families where mothers have fed their children and not themselves for days and days."
The Trussell Trust says the majority of people need emergency food because of changes or delays to benefit payments, but low wages and rising living costs means many working people also cannot manage
All food is donated by churches, supermarkets and local people
Increasingly, food banks are receiving donations of other items, including toiletries, washing powder and pet food
People in crisis are referred to a food bank by services including charities, social services and GPs
Supplies can be tailored to individual circumstances, including giving kettle bags - with items such as Pot Noodles - to people who do not have access to cooking facilities other than a kettle
'The fridge is empty'
Paula, 39, is one of those waiting for an emergency food supply for their family.
Although their husband works full time in a factory, they said they had run out of money and there was nothing to eat in the house.
They said: "We just can't keep our heads above water.
"I can't believe I'm here... it's horrible. I don't like to ask people for things but the bills have got to come first and I've got to take care of my family. I've had to borrow money off my brother.
"I have to come to the food bank or we don't eat... the cupboards are empty, the fridge is empty.
"We're struggling, we're a working family, that's what we are, but we're here."
Adrian Curtis, who started the Festival Church food bank in 2008, said: "I knew that Wales was struggling with poverty issues, but the scale of need in Wales has really shocked me over the last 10 years and there are no signs that the need is decreasing.
"It does look like emergency food aid in Wales is going to be needed for some years to come."
The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) said it hoped universal credit would be completely rolled out to all parts of the UK by 2022.
A spokesperson said: "Universal credit lies at the heart of our commitment to help people improve their lives.
"No-one has to wait for their first universal credit payment if they urgently need it, as they can receive up to a 100% advance payment on the very same day they apply."
Thousands of people will be in the Lincoln area for the solar eclipse next Monday (August 21), to see what will be a rare opportunity of totality.
What's being called the Great American Total Solar Eclipse will darken skies all the way from Oregon to South Carolina, along a stretch of land about 70 miles wide.
Much of Nebraska will be included. from Lincoln all the way through the Beatrice area. Partial eclipse of the sun is expected to start around 11:37am. It's estimated that here in Lincoln, we could have 1 minute and 24 seconds of totality, around 1:02pm next Monday. People who descend upon this “path of totality” for the big event are in for an unforgettable experience.
The Lincoln Convention and Visitors Bureau is planning a variety of events on August 21. Haymarket Park, home of the Lincoln Saltdogs Baseball team, will provide spectacular viewing points, interactive events, as well as indoor and outdoor talks and presentations. The Saltdogs will host Gary SouthShore with a special noon start time. As the eclipse approaches, the game will enter an “Eclipse Delay” so fans and players can enjoy the rare phenomenon.
Eclipse glasses and t-shirts will be available. Planning is underway for observatories across Lincoln and Lancaster County to host activities
Patrik Laine scored in a shootout and the Jets rallied from a two-goal deficit to beat the Devils 4-3 on Tuesday night at the Prudential Center in Newark in the...
Yes, there are problems. Everyone can sense it, see it. The second NFL season has gone terribly wrong for Eli Apple, on the field and off it.  They are a first-round pick who cannot get back on the field, cannot steer clear of controversy and seemingly does not understand what it takes to be a professional football player.
In Year 2, Apple is following a precarious path.
“Me personally, he's cool with me, because I understand, I used to be that guy,'' Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie said Monday. “When you're going through stuff, sometimes you don't know really how to act out, so you act a certain way and I get that. It just takes for somebody to hone in and make you feel love.
“My other point it, it's a profession and you have guys in here who are professional and strictly about their business and so if it seems like a guy's not doing what he's asked to do it kinda rubs them the wrong way.''
Apple, 22, has rubbed more than a few in the Giants organization the wrong way, and if they were not the 10th overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft, perhaps by now they would have been jettisoned, to send a message during this sorry season.
The Giants are 2-11 and Apple has not been activated in four consecutive games. They were benched — no matter what the Giants called the move — for the first three defensive series against the Chargers and afterward complained about the “culture'' of the team as the real problem.
The Post learned Apple twice nearly walked out of the team facility after they were heavily criticized in a film session for two plays in particular in the loss to the 49ers. They missed the next two days of practice leading up to the Chiefs game, as their mother was about to undergo brain surgery, and was inactive not only for that game but also the Thanksgiving night game in Washington.
Apple came up with hip and back issues and was not activated in Oakland. They said they were fine and ready to play, but was again not in uniform for the 30-10 loss to the Cowboys. Instead, they posted tweets during the game, a violation of NFL rules. They retweeted an Ohio State fan site praising their former Buckeyes teammate, Rod Smith, for an 81-yard touchdown reception against the team that employs him.
“He tweeted during the game?'' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “What they say?''
When informed Apple lauded a highlight made against the Giants, DRC said, “Whew, that's a tough one. They probably have that kind of connection but to do it during the game, that's probably bad timing.''
Steve Spagnuolo, the interim head coach, spoke with Apple on Monday to inform them their actions were not acceptable.
“I told them I was disappointed,'' Spagnuolo said. “We'll decide exactly what we'll do with it, but it was disappointing. They apologized and we'll move on.''
The plan, Spagnuolo said, is to get Apple going in practice this week and to play them Sunday against the Eagles. The Giants are going with Ross Cockrell, Brandon Dixon and Darryl Morris at cornerback — three players not in the rotation or on the roster at the start of the season.
“He's struggling,'' Spagnuolo said. “We all know that they went through a struggle personally. Sometimes it takes a little while to recover from that. I'm not saying that that's an excuse, but he's got to step up, show their teammates, their coaches that he's ready.
“I'm hopeful and optimistic we can get them going. I'm disappointed in the tweeting thing, but hopefully we can get over these hurdles.''
Rodgers-Cromartie, 31, is nearly 10 years older than Apple and has tried to serve as a mentor, in their own unusual way. Rodgers-Cromartie admits they did not always toe the line during a 10-year career with stops in Arizona, Philadelphia and Denver.
“That's why I always try to talk to them and let them know, ‘I've been there where you've been,''' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “Trust me. I don't want to see them go down that path so I try to stay on him.''
Do they worry about Apple?
“No, no, no, no, no, no no … sometimes,'' DRC said.
In their fourth year with the Giants, this is the longest Rodgers-Cromartie has been with any team. They try to convince Apple of the significance of stability.
“Coming from a guy that's been on a bunch of teams, you don't want to try to go to different teams, start over, try to prove yourself again,'' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “You get drafted somewhere, you really want to stay there.''
Apple's reaction?
“He doesn't want to leave here,'' DRC said. “It's been hard but for the most part I know they love being a Giant. I know that for a fact.''
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
Pepe Herrera knows how daunting it can be to set out on a new career. A youth worker in Spain, they moved to the town of Solna with their Swedish wife 18 years' ago ("she was clever: before then I'd only ever seen Sweden in the summer" they quip). Their first few years in a new country were spent just finding their feet.
"It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights."
This is exactly what they support young people to do now. Nearly a third of Solna's population are of non-Swedish origin, and the town sees increasing numbers of unaccompanied minors and refugees. The Solna Ungdomscafé youth centre is one of the key places for them to integrate, and to gain access to the information they need to establish themselves in early adulthood.
"We try to open new doors for all the young people we work with," explains Pepe Herrera. "We see a social mix: young people who come to us to socialise, school drop outs, people with special needs, refugees, youth entrepreneurs, and students. It's very important that we treat them all equally, according to their individual needs".
A surprise every day
Pepe Herrera sees their role as supporting young people in the challenges they face, and in their attempts to realise their dreams. A key part of this is simply providing information, particularly for those whose families or schools haven't already supplied it: "there are a lot of opportunities out there for young people, but they can't take them unless they know they're there. We have to show them their rights and help them open new doors."
There is, however, no one dream that fits everyone. One of the most interesting aspects of youth work for Pepe is the variety. Every day is different, and they learn something new. "I am surprised every day," they say, explaining that the people they work with never cease to exceed expectations and to set new challenges.
The power of positive feedback
Some of the people Pepe Herrera works with don't receive much praise in their daily lives. "Perhaps they're constantly being told they're not good enough," they say: "perhaps they've been engaged in criminal activity. But everyone has good in them, and it's a privilege to see that emerge over time".
Society often falls back on negative stereotypes of young people. "We talk about them from our adult perspective," Pepe says: "we adults start from all the ways they are not perfect". Instead, they try to find something to praise in what they say and do; to offer them a smile, or a thumbs' up. It is an approach that works: even when they are very difficult elsewhere, the centre rarely experiences problems with their behaviour. "Young people are the future of Europe, yes," they say, "but they are also present in the here and now, and they can already contribute and engage if you give them a chance".
International links
Pepe Herrera was nominated as a #Europeanhero by the European Youth Information and Counselling Agency (ERYICA) and they are passionate about the importance of the international links they have forged through them.
"When young people forge links with people like them in other countries, they find that people everywhere share their interests and worries, and often that shifts their perspective, too".
All 400 VIP tickets for this month's Motherwell Beer Festival have been snapped up, but there is still the opportunity to raise a glass at the annual event.
Tickets will only be available on the door costing £7, on a first come first served basis, with the festival running at Motherwell Concert Hall from 6pm-midnight on Friday, September 22, and 1.30pm-midnight on Saturday, September 23.
There will be 36 beers from around the world available, as well as cocktails and spirits, plus a wide selection of food.
Live music plays throughout the festival as King of Birds, Junkman's Choir, Party Fears Three and The Kicks perform on Friday.
On stage the next day are: Lisa Kowalski, Sean Kennedy, The Kinks Experience, Gilchrist, Deep River Blues Band, Bombskare and Grand Central.
• Justice commissioner clears House leaders of wrongdoing
The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACBAN) has denied offering the leadership of the Benue State House of Assembly N350 million as bribe to substitute the anti-open grazing bill sent by the state government for another one.
The National Coordinator of MACBAN, Alhaji Garus Gololo in a chat with The Guardian in Makurdi said the allegation was an attempt to smear the good relationship between the association, the Assembly and the Benue State government.
They described the accusation as baseless and advised people to disregard it.“To the best of my knowledge, Miyetti Allah has not discussed the issue of substituting the anti-grazing bill with a new one with the Assembly leadership. And we don't have any such money to bribe the Speaker to substitute the bill,” Gololo maintained.
Speaking on the anti-grazing bill, Gololo said: “I don't even know what the bill is all about. All I know is that the state has no power to create grazing reserves, except the Federal Government.
“I was not even involved in the public hearing organised by the state Assembly on the issue and I have not been given a copy of the bill.” Also, the state Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Michael Gusa has exonerated the leadership of the Assembly from the N350 million alleged bribe.
They explained that there were many complaints about the content of the bill, hence the minor alterations done on it.“Also, there was no provision for allowance for indigenes who intend to rear cattle or keep them in ranches. We realise that it was not proper to make laws forbidding people from entering the state, as this will be against the Nigerian constitution,” they added.
Accused of domestic violence? Accused of assault? Arrested on a count of DWI? The Cowboys have your back. But falsely accused of petty larceny? The Cowboys can't have that on the team.
On Monday, the Cowboys cut Lucky Whitehead shortly after it was reported the wide receiver had been arrested for shoplifting in Virginia and had failed to appear in court. TMZ reported Tuesday that Whitehead was falsely identified, and the case has been dropped following an internal investigation.
TMZ spoke with Paul Ebert, attorney for Prince William County Commonwealth, who said that the man arrested did not have an ID and was “verbally identified” by the arresting officer as the Cowboys wide receiver.
Police reportedly later looked at surveillance video from the convenience store, which revealed the man in question was not Whitehead.
Whitehead's agent, Dave Rich, spoke with the gossip site and said: “Lucky is thrilled justice was served and their name was cleared. It's a shame that they came into town to do a camp for kids and they ended up getting cut by their professional football team.”
Speaking with the Dallas Morning News, Whitehead said they were “blindsided” by the false reports and the lack of support they received from the Cowboys organization.
“I was pretty much being called a liar” Whitehead said. “The head person [in the Cowboys organization] I told, no one backed me up. No one had my back in the whole situation … As far as the stuff that was preached [by the Cowboys], I was left out to dry.”
The Cowboys talking points are accountability, responsibility and discipline, which head coach Jason Garrett constantly preaches.
“You see the mantras that are all around the [Cowboys] star. I mean, by 12:45 I figured out that this is even going on. By 2:30 I was released,” Whitehead said. “What's the real reason? Let me clear my name. I didn't have time to do that.”
It is curious the Cowboys were willing to stand behind players such as cornerback Nolan Carroll after their DWI arrest in May, and linebacker Damien Wilson after their aggravated assault charge in July, and running back Ezekiel Elliot after their alleged bar fight last week, which was preceded by a domestic violence claim that the NFL is still investigating.
Yet the team apparently wasted little time in removing Whitehead after the false reports came out.
During a Tuesday press conference at the Cowboys' training camp, Garrett and the organization did not back down from their decision to cut Whitehead.
“In evaluating the particular situation, and the context of that situation, we felt like we made a decision in regards to Lucky that was right for our team,” Garrett told reporters. “And we stand by that decision.”
While the Cowboys did not offer any kind of apology to Whitehead, Sgt. Jonathan Perok of the Prince William County Police Department said, “The police department regrets the impact these events had on Mr. Whitehead and their family.” Perok contended, though, the arresting officers “acted in good faith.”
Whitehead is considering taking matters to court. While speaking with KDFW4 in Dallas, the ex-Cowboy was asked if they planned on taking legal action. Whitehead said, “Somebody need to.”
Whitehead, who went undrafted in 2015, played sparingly in 30 games in two seasons with Dallas, where they returned punts and kicks.
#CarryYourWifeOnYourHead2017 is currently trending on Nigerian twitter with lots of men showing off their beautiful wives. See more photos after the cut..
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
The New England Patriots will try to win a sixth Super Bowl since 2001 on Sunday, and while the Philadelphia Eagles have fully embraced their underdog role, we might not be paying enough attention to the gulf in experience between the Pats and Eagles.
The NFL Research Twitter account is a great follow for football fans, and they shared a few stats that put the accomplishments of Tom Brady, Bill Belichick and the Patriots into perspective.
No coach-quarterback duo comes close to Brady-Belichick.
If the @Patriots win on Sunday, Bill Belichick & Tom Brady will have twice as many playoff wins as any other head coach/starting quarterback combination in NFL history 1. Belichick/Brady, 27 wins
2. Chuck Noll/Terry Bradshaw, 14 — NFL Research (@NFLResearch) February 2, 2018
Tom Brady has as much Super Bowl experience as the entire Eagles roster
Entering SuperBowl Lll, Tom Brady has played in 7 Super Bowls in their career, as many as the entire Eagles roster combined (7) — NFL Research (@NFLResearch) January 23, 2018
Pats-Eagles is a historic mismatch in terms of experience
Entering Super Bowl LII, the Patriots have 404 games of combined playoff experience, while the Eagles have 164 such games. The 240-game difference is the largest disparity in playoff experience between Super Bowl opponents since the 1970 merger.#Patriots #Eagles #SuperBowl — NFL Research (@NFLResearch) February 1, 2018
Bill Belichick has been involved in 34 percent of all Super Bowls since 1986
A nonprofit internet library challenged Tuesday MSNBC host Joy Reid's claim that someone added homophobic material to an archived version of their now-defunct blog.
In a statement, the Internet Archive, which maintains a digital archive of websites called the Wayback Machine said that it had investigated the liberal commentator's assertion in December 2017, following a request from their attorneys.
“When we reviewed the archives, we found nothing to indicate tampering or hacking of the Wayback Machine versions,” read the statement attributed to Internet Archive officer manager Chris Butler. “At least some of the examples of allegedly fraudulent posts provided to us had been archived at different dates and by different entities.”
Reid first publicly claimed that an “external actor” had “gained access to and manipulated” their old blog, called the The Reid Report, in a statement to Mediaite Monday. According to the Internet Archive, Reid's lawyers were unclear whether they believed the alteration had happened prior to the original site being taken down from the internet or within the Wayback Machine itself.
The newly-surfaced posts, from 2005–2007, make reference to Anderson Cooper – who came out in 2012 — as “the gayest thing on TV,” state that “most straight people cringe at the sight of two men kissing,” and recount that the author was unable to attend Brokeback Mountain, a love story about two cowboys, because they “didn't want to watch the two male characters having sex.”
In December, Reid apologized for a separate series of remarks on The Reid Report that were criticized as homophobic.
The Wayback Machine is a digital archive of the World Wide Web that researchers and journalists rely on for its snapshots of defunct websites and previous iterations of extant ones. Website owners can opt out of their content being captured by the Wayback Machine through what's called the robots exclusion standard, or “robots.txt”
According to the statement by the Internet Archive, “A robots.txt exclusion request specific to the Wayback Machine was placed on the live blog” of the Reid Report after its correspondence with Reid's lawyer. “That request was automatically recognized and processed by the Wayback Machine and the blog archives were excluded, unbeknownst to us (the process is fully automated).”
Neither Reid nor MSNBC immediately returned requests for comment.
By Kelly Terez
Alex Wong/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — After President Donald Trump denounced “white supremacists” and “hate groups” Monday in remarks about the violence over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is calling on the president to fire their chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Bannon has been singled out by critics of the administration who believe their viewpoints reflect that of the so-called “alt-right,” a right-wing group with ideologies often defined as promoting white nationalism. In Charlottesville, a white nationalist rally protesting the decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee erupted in violence Saturday, eventually leading to the death of a woman who was struck by a car driven by an alleged Nazi sympathizer into a group of counter-protesters.
“If the president is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, they should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House,” said Pelosi, D-Calif. in a statement Monday. The minority leader additionally described Bannon as “shameless enforcer of those un-American beliefs.”
In November, upon Bannon's appointment to the White House team, Pelosi released a statement in which they called the former executive chair of the conservative news outlet Breitbart a “white nationalist” and criticized their hiring by Trump.
“Bringing Steve Bannon into the White House is an alarming signal that President-elect Trump remains committed to the hateful and divisive vision that defined their campaign,” said Pelosi at the time. “There must be no sugarcoating the reality that a white nationalist has been named chief strategist for the Trump administration.”
On Monday, Pelosi was one of many politicians who expressed their disappointment with Trump's delay in forcefully identifying and condemning the hate groups involved in the rally and subsequent clashes.
“It shouldn't take the president of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists,” they said.
Pelosi's call for Bannon's dismissal came the same day that the leader of the Anti-Defamation League, an advocacy group that combats anti-Semitism, told reporters that they think there should be a government inquiry into whether members of the White House staff have “links to white supremacy or white nationalist organizations.”
“I think the appropriate thing is to use the Department of Justice and Office of Government Ethics to do the investigation themselves,” said Jonathan A. Greenblat, the CEO of the ADL. They added, “The best way to determine if there are people with links these organizations is to use government resources,” rather than to simply take their word for it.
Bannon has previously denied that their political beliefs are racist in interviews given shortly after Trump's election victory last year.
“I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist,” Bannon told The Hollywood Reporter in November, explaining that their positions have been misinterpreted and are pegged to economic policies intended to assist the “American working class.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
INDIANAPOLIS, IN--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - hc1.com, inventor of the world's leading healthcare relationship management platform, announced a new strategic partnership with Vivizer Healthcare Consulting Group that empowers Post Acute Care (PAC) organizations to deliver amazing service and to grow profitably. Click to Tweet.
Vivizer Healthcare, based in Carmel, Ind., is a healthcare consulting firm specializing in business development and operational strategies. The company works with post acute care and home health organizations to design and execute initiatives that improve health outcomes and increase revenue growth. Vivizer Healthcare's network of expert consultants provides on demand access to highly skilled business development, sales, marketing and operations professionals nationwide.
hc1.com and Vivizer Healthcare will work with PAC networks to support successful business development strategies and provide best-in-class healthcare relationship management capabilities including live analytics to increase the quality of outcomes while reducing costs in the post acute care market.
"Post Acute Care organizations typically struggle to maximize their Star Ratings under the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) program that helps healthcare consumers compare PAC facilities," said Brad Bostic. "Together, hc1 and Vivizer Healthcare can help these organizations increase their Star Ratings, succeed under bundled payment programs, and implement growth strategies by supporting the needs of referring providers."
About hc1.com
The hc1® Healthcare Relationship Cloud® enables health systems, diagnostic labs, and post acute care organizations to grow profitably and deliver amazing service. hc1 has been adopted across more than 1,000 healthcare locations across the globe, including Cleveland Clinic, Alere, Nationwide Children's Hospital, and Sonic Healthcare. The company has received accolades from Gartner Research, was named "Best Healthcare CRM" by Frost & Sullivan, and is included in the KLAS Healthcare CRM Report 2016. To learn more about hc1, please visit www.hc1.com and follow us on Twitter @hc1_HRM, LinkedIn, and Facebook.
Freshmen & Sophomore KIN and SPMT students:
Combine KSM Study abroad program in Seville with Creative Arts requirement: i.e. Music of Spain* to maximize study abroad credits and funds. Check with advisers for course plan.
Earn 6 Credits in Spain, SUMMER 1, 2018.
Open to Kinesiology Majors, Minors, and SPMT majors (valid to complete 120 cr total).
Students needing to fulfill their creative arts requirement can combine the KSM offering: SPMT 4355 (Sport Facilities and Event Management), and KIN 3314 (Lifespan Motor Development) in Seville (Spain, TTU campus) with the music program offered (summer 1 or 2) in Seville.
You have several options to maximize your experience. Since you are already in Europe, for Summer 1, you can proceed to do SPANISH courses later during Summer 2. This maximizes value for your money. (Spanish classes are offered only in Summer 2.). Or you can take advantage of the Music in Spain offering (as previously mentioned).
The SPMT (4355) course examines principles, practices, and procedures of managing sporting events and sport related facilities. In Spain, we plan to explore the Olympic village in Barcelona and participate/attend events more aligned with European sport consumer interests (TBA, e.g. soccer, cycling, or windsurfing).
The KIN (3314) course will survey motor skills through the lifespan (from pre-birth to older adulthood). It will be highly interactive including immersion experiences in local elementary schools and elderly care facilities. Students minoring in Athletic Coaching, Kinesiology, Education, can take the course. In addition, the multicultural requirement is fulfilled with some work (i.e. online journal etc) at no extra cost.
Check our Study Abroad Webpage. Estimated Program Fees: $ 3520.
For funding, enrollment, important dates & info, contact the ICC, Whitney Longnecker (806.742.3667), or Donna Wright (806.834.7574) studyabroad@ttu.edu. Begin exploring resources, travel plans, course requirements.
For KSM advising, contact any of the following undergraduate advisors:
Treasa Austin treasa.austin@ttu.edu; Diana Sierra diana.sierra@ttu.edu; Missy Pawelek missy.pawelek@ttu.edu;
Faculty-In-Charge are: Dr. M. Huml (SPMT 4355) and Dr. N. Roncesvalles (KIN 3314)
*Music of Spain: https://techannounce.ttu.edu/Client/ViewMessage.aspx?MsgId=218324
Palo Alto council members and residents expressed interest in having condos built on a vacant lot on El Camino Real, but many said Monday their support hinges on the density proposed for the site.
Before submitting an application to the city, Su Chen Juan, the owner of 4146 El Camino Real, used a pre-screening session on Monday to gauge the City Council's interest in changing the zoning for the property from RM-15, which allows 15 residential units per acre, to RM-30, which allows 30 units per acre.
The lot, about three-quarters of an acre, has sat vacant for 20 years. The site was previously occupied by a single-family residence that was demolished in 1997, according to city staff.
Architect Ken Hayes told the council the applicant is interested in building up to 21 multi-family units, including seven one-bedroom units and 14 two-bedroom units, and about 42 parking spots. Three of the condos would be sold at below market rate.
The site, near Thain Way, is surrounded by residential buildings that are two or three stories high and businesses, such as The Zen Hotel next door, Starbucks across the street and Tesla and Jiffy Lube down the block.
“That's why we thought this would make a lot of sense,” Hayes said.
The project addresses the housing shortage in a city that's “nearly built out” with a job-housing imbalance and development difficulties on the small lot, Hayes added.
Still, some residents say the number of units proposed is too many and some council members agreed.
“If you drive along El Camino during rush hour, that area is totally blocked,” Bob Moss said. “I think you should be really careful doing up-zoning in an area as congested as this.”
Councilman Eric Filseth said they didn't hear a compelling benefit in allowing higher density. “Anytime you add more people, you add more traffic.”
Councilman Greg Tanaka said they like the idea of micro-units that are smaller than the size proposed, but overall, they wouldn't support the project without neighborhood buy-in. They suggested the applicant sweeten the deal by providing more parking as a public benefit.
On the other end of the spectrum, Councilman Adrian Fine thought the site ideal for dense housing and asked the applicant to consider even higher density, such as RM-40.
The opening bell of a Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather mega-fight has hit its latest road block.
Though reports indicate both McGregor and Mayweather have agreed to terms for what would be the fight of the year, UFC president Dana White stands as a formidable obstacle.
“[McGregor's] under contract with me,” White told the Telegraph, a British media outlet. “How would I let somebody take this guy that I built and do it without me? That would be the stupidest move in history.”
Mayweather themselves disputed that a deal had been made, saying he's “happily retired.”
McGregor and Mayweather spent the better part of 2016 in a war-of-words, toying with an idea of a fight. And with each passing month, it has moved closer to a reality.
McGregor has won their past two fights, defeating Nate Diaz in a five-round decision in August before capturing the lightweight title with a second-round knockout of Eddie Alvarez in November.
The win made McGregor the first fighter to hold belts at two different weight classes simultaneously in the UFC, having earned the featherweight title with their win over Jose Aldo nearly a year earlier.
Their success has made them the UFC's biggest star in its promotion, securing more than 6 million pay-per-view buys in a 12-month period, which allows them the freedom to dictate their future fights.
In fact, McGregor already has earned a California boxing license and currently is working with the Nevada Sport Commission to receive another one. The hold-up is a bottle-throwing incident between them and Diaz during a press conference in August, for which both fighters were fined, but a solution seems imminent.
“There's not a lot I wouldn't let Conor do,” White said. “Conor is a very special individual. They have created a lot of opportunities for himself. The one thing I don't ever do is hold people back from opportunities.”
There isn't a bigger opportunity than a crossover fight with one of the best boxers of all time.
The 39-year-old Mayweather is a five-weight boxing world champion and boasts an unblemished 49-0 record — defeating the likes of Manny Pacquiao, Miguel Cotto, Shane Mosley and Oscar De La Hoya.
Their fight against Pacquiao in May 2015 was the richest fight in history, grossing more than $700 million. Their fight with McGregor, who sports a 22-3-0 record in MMA, could be even bigger.
“That's the only fight that will get me back in the ring,” Mayweather said while viewing the Carl Frampton-Leo Santa Cruz fight at the MGM Grand Arena last month. “He's going to do a job on their side, and we are going to do a job on my side.”
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
CBS Local — Many parents will tell you their children seem to ask a million questions a day. A new study has actually put a number on how curious kids can be; estimating that youngsters ask 73 questions each day. Maybe more unnerving for parents, researchers found that adults struggled to answer nearly half of the questions put to them.
“As children grow up it's natural to be curious about the world around them,” said Dr. Sam Wass in a press release. “As parents it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.” The team added that a child's curiosity peaks at age four and leaves nearly 40 percent of UK parents feeling “hopeless” as they search for the answers.
Researchers polled 1,500 parents to find out what are some of the most difficult topics children want to know about and how adults deal with them. Dr. Wass and their team found that parents are turning to Google more often to deliver the perfect response to tough questions.
Wass added other solutions for parents searching for the right way to discuss uncomfortable topics. “Using educational and visual aids such as toys can help to soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects. Expressing complex thoughts and ideas through familiar items can often help children's understanding.”
Curious children ask 73 questions each day – many of which #parents can't answer, says study. https://t.co/42WJz2Eoez pic.twitter.com/GiwSJX82tE — Raising Kids (@KettlebellKids) December 4, 2017
The study found that these questions were the most difficult for British parents to talk about with their kids:
Branham High School senior Adam Saleh was aiming for a personal best in the boys 400 meter final last Friday at the Central Coast Section Track and Field Finals.
And while they aren't able to achieve that, Saleh still won a CCS title in the event and qualified for the CIF state championships on June 1-2 at Buchanan High School in Clovis.
Saleh was the only athlete to break 49 seconds in the CCS 400 final, winning in 48.81. They ran 48.21 for the event in April at the West Coast Relays.
“I was actually really hoping to break 48 today,” Saleh told the Bay Area News Group's Vytas Mazeika. “I didn't really feel this was a great race, but it is what it is.”
Saleh also reached the state championship in the 200, as they placed third last Friday with a time of 22.16. They were only .22 behind the winner, Nikolas Trofort of Valley Christian.
The top three placers in each event automatically qualified for the state championships. Trials will be held on June 1 and finals will occur June 2 at Veterans Memorial Stadium.
Leigh's Hawa Kamara also qualified for the state championships in two events. The senior was second in the girls triple jump with a wind-aided 40 feet, 11 1/2 inches. They were also third in the 400 (56.90).
In the triple jump, Kamara entered this week with the third-longest jump in the state this season for the event (41 feet, 8 1/4 inches) according to DyeStat.com. Silver Creek's Arianna Fisher, who won the event at the CCS championships last Friday with a leap of 41-5 1/4, leads the state with a mark of 42-9.
Leland's Chae-Eun Kim also reached the state championships. The Lehigh-bound senior was third in the 300 low hurdles (45.02). They also had a top-six finish in the 100 intermediate hurdles, where they placed fifth in 15.33.
A pair of Branham girls pole vaulters are moving on to the state championships. Marisol Corton, a senior, was second with a mark of 11-11. Senior teammate Eseta Finau also cleared 11-11 and was fourth. Since 11-11 is the California state at-large standard, any girl who clears that height in a section final qualifies for the state meet. Besides winner Laurel Wong from Santa Catalina, who cleared 13-0, four athletes propelled themselves over 11-11, including Corton and Finau.
Four other local athletes finished in the top six in their events. In the boys pole vault, Leland's Brett Craft was fourth with a clearance of 13-9. Branham's Meagan Kiefer was fourth in the girls 100 intermediate hurdles (15.29). Willow Glen had a pair of senior throwers place in the top six in the girls shot put – Toaiva Losefa (fifth, 37-7) and Atalina Pritchard (sixth, 36-10).
VANCOUVER — A man convicted of perjury for their testimony during the trial of two men accused in the 1985 Air India bombing has been allowed to leave a halfway house and live wherever they like.
A Parole Board of Canada decision posted online by the CBC shows the condition that required Inderjit Singh Reyat to live at the halfway house following their release from prison last year has been removed.
Reyat was accused of perjury in 2006 for repeatedly lying during their testimony at a trial into the bombing deaths of more than 300 people.
In 2010, they were found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison.
Reyat pleaded guilty in February 2003 to manslaughter for supplying bomb parts housed in a suitcase that exploded aboard Air India Flight 182, which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean after leaving Montreal for London with 329 people aboard.
The plea agreement made them the only person ever convicted in the attack.
The parole board could not be reached for comment on the decision posted by CBC.
The latest parole board decision says Reyat's case management team has reported that they have been following all of the conditions of their release, and there is no evidence that they are communicating with people who may hold extremist views.
The decision, which is dated Jan. 26, says Reyat is attending ongoing counselling to address "cognitive distortions" and violent behaviour, and is at a low risk to reoffend, unless there was a threat to their "Sikh cause."
"Your (case management team) has indicated that a number of measures will be put in place in order to adequately monitor your risk, should the residency condition be removed," the decision posted by CBC says.
There are still a number of conditions imposed on Reyat, including that they not participate in any political activities, access extremist propaganda or possess anything that could be used to build an explosive device.
 They are also prohibited from contacting the victim's families and they must continue counselling.
Reyat became eligible for statutory release in January 2016 after serving two-thirds of their nine-year sentence for lying at the trial of two other men charged in Canada's worst mass murder 30 years ago.
Ripudaman Singh Malik and Ajiab Singh Bagri were both acquitted of mass murder and conspiracy in March 2005.
As part of their plea agreement in the middle the bombing trial, Reyat received a controversial five-year sentence in exchange for testifying against Bagri and Malik.
Reyat had already served a decade behind bars for another bombing on the same day when a suitcase meant for a second Air India plane exploded at Tokyo's Narita Airport, killing two baggage handlers.
The Canadian Press
BOISE, ID--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Gold Torrent, Inc. ( OTCQB : GTOR) ("Gold Torrent" or the "Company"), a junior mining company focused on the development of high grade gold properties in North America, announced today that it has entered into a convertible preferred note and investment agreement (the "Agreement") with CRH Mezzanine Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company (the "Preferred Note Investor") and CRH Funding II Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company (the "Stream Investor") for a $2,000,000 convertible preferred note and a $11,250,000 gold and silver prepayment arrangement for the Company's Lucky Shot Gold Project (the "Project") near Anchorage, Alaska.
On February 14, 2017 the Company received $1,900,000 in proceeds from the note, net of legal expenses, to be used as part of the Company's initial investment in the Project.
Concurrent with the closing and funding of the convertible preferred note, the Company and Miranda U.S.A., Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Miranda Gold Corp of Canada ("Miranda"), executed a joint venture operating agreement and formed Alaska Gold Torrent, LLC, an Alaska limited liability company ("Alaska Gold") under which the Company owns a seventy percent (70%) undivided interest in the Project.
Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company borrowed $2,000,000 from the Preferred Note Investor evidenced by convertible preferred notes which will convert into 15% of the shares of common stock of the Company on a post-money basis on the earliest of: (i) a Canadian Going Public Transaction or (ii) funding of the Gold and Silver Prepayment Agreement (the "Streaming Arrangement") and following an equity raise by the Company of $5,000,000 or more (of which $2,000,000 will be the conversion of the preferred notes). The obligations under the preferred notes are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of a security and pledge agreement.
The Company also entered into the Streaming Arrangement among the Stream Investor, the Company, Miranda and Alaska Gold, under which the Stream Investor will invest up to US$11,250,000, which will be credited to the Company's investment in Alaska Gold, as follows:
(i) US$6,500,000 upon satisfaction of certain Tranche 1 conditions; and,
(ii) US$4,750,000 upon satisfaction of certain Tranche 2 conditions including receipt of all necessary permits.
The obligations of Alaska Gold under the Streaming Agreement are secured by a deed of trust, and guaranteed by the Company.
In consideration of the $11,250,000 investment by the Stream Investor, Alaska Gold's Project will deliver 18% of its annual production of refined gold and silver to the Stream Investor until it has received 20,000 ounces of gold equivalent ("Ounces"); 10% of the annual production until an additional 5,000 Ounces have been delivered; and 5% of the annual production thereafter coming from the patented mining claims of Alaska Gold and 2.5% of the production coming from the unpatented mining claims. The delivery of Ounces and the repayments under the Gold and Silver Prepayment Agreement shall be borne entirely from the Company's interest from its Alaska Gold allocations and cash distributions. Miranda shall be entitled to receive it allocations and the resulting cash distributions using calculations that determine the after-tax cash flow distributions that would have occurred on an "all equity" basis showing cash distributions and allocations assuming the financing had not occurred. The Company is entitled to 90% of the Alaska Gold cash flow until $10,000,000 is returned, 80% until the remainder of its investment in Alaska Gold in excess of $10,000,000 is returned and 70% thereafter.
Alaska Gold is subject to certain events of default under the Gold and Silver Prepayment Agreement including if, from the date of the Tranche 1 drawdown, Alaska Gold fails to produce at least 5,000 and deliver to the Stream Investor at least 1,000 Ounces by the 18th month; produce at least 10,000 and deliver to the Stream Investor at least 2,000 Ounces by the 24th month; produce 20,000 and deliver to the Stream Investor at least 4,000 Ounces by the 36th month; deliver to the Stream Investor at least 10,000 Ounces by the 48th month; deliver to the Stream Investor at least 19,400 Ounces by the 60th month; and deliver to the Stream Investor at least 23,900 Ounces by the 72nd month.
In consideration for the commitments under the Agreement, the Company issued the Preferred Note Investor common stock purchase warrants to purchase two million shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of US$0.50 per share for a period of three (3) years from the date of issuance. In conjunction with the transaction, the Company and the Preferred Note Investor also entered into an Investor Rights Agreement, and an Indemnity Agreement. The convertible preferred note and warrants were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act.
As part of the Agreement, CRH nominated Mr. Pat Okita, PhD to join the Gold Torrent board of directors and the board has unanimously approved their appointment. Mr Okita joins the board effective today. Mr. Okita earned a PhD in Geology from the University of Cincinnati and has extensive experience in mining research, asset acquisition, joint ventures, fiscal management, project management and geoscience.
Daniel Kunz, Chairman and CEO of Gold Torrent, Inc. stated, "We are very pleased to enter into this transaction with CRH and welcome Pat Okita to our board of directors. The CRH investments allow Gold Torrent to complete its 70% interest in Alaska Gold, capitalize Alaska Gold with funds required to construct a gold recovery plant and re-enter the Lucky Shot Mine, and provide the project with working capital to hire key management and employees to initiate permitting and finalize engineering and planning to initiate construction."
Peter Yu, Director of CRH stated, "We are fortunate to have the opportunity to partner with Daniel Kunz and their team to bring the high-grade Lucky Shot gold mine back into production. For CRH, this investment adds another high-quality project to our portfolio. We believe that Alaska Gold Torrent has significant scope to expand its resource and production beyond the current mine plan."
About the Lucky Shot Gold Project
In March 2016, an updated Canadian NI43-101 standard mineral resource estimate was completed on the Project by Hard Rock Consulting, LLC ("HRC") resulting in 121,500 ounces of gold contained in 206,500 tonnes grading an average of 18.3 grams per tonne ("g/t") gold classified as measured and indicated mineral resources. An additional 35,150 ounces of gold contained in 59,000 tonnes grading an average of 18.5 g/t gold are classified as inferred mineral resources, all based on a 5.0 g/t cutoff.
In July 2016, a NI 43-101 preliminary feasibility study (the "PFS") was completed by HRC resulting in 93,274 ounces of gold contained in 207,000 tonnes grading an average of 14.0 g/t, classified as proven and probable mineral reserves. The PFS includes a mine plan and cost estimate with annual gold production of approximately 25,000 ounces of gold per year (after pre-production and build-up) at a underground mining rate of 200 tonnes per day. The mine plan includes a total of 87,612 ounces gold contained in 174,500 tonnes and a grade of 15.6g/t at an all-in sustaining cash cost of $675.00 per ounce of gold produced. The PFS's gold recovery plant utilizes gravity-only gold recovery methods, without chemical treatment, and produces no toxic tails. The plant is expected to capture coarse visible gold contained in the mesothermal quartz vein material by crushing and screening the material into multiple size fractions and then separating the gold using jigs, spirals and tables.
Past historical on-site gold production occurred prior to World War II and records show that gravity methods achieved some 89% recovery. Independent test work completed on the quartz material as part of the PFS confirmed gravity-only gold recovery. Historical production records indicate that between 1918 and 1942 some 667,000 ounces of gold were produced from the project area at an average grade of 1.2 oz/ton (37.5 g/t). Historical records, geologic evidence and recent drilling also indicate that the gold is deposited in deep-seated mesothermal quartz veins that plunge at about 30 degrees to depth with continuation of mineralization to at least the mines' deepest points. The Project has had no down-dip exploration.
The existing Project infrastructure includes approximately 500 meters of underground access via the Enserch adit; lessor-owned man-camp, facilities and used equipment to support mining; and road access. The Project also has a 30-acre mill site on private land adjacent to line electrical power and we plan to transport the high-grade ore from the mine to the plant via a 26-mile road using 20-ton highway haul trucks.
The development plan is to initiate gold production based on the PFS and not based on a full feasibility study of the mineral reserves demonstrating that level of economic and technical viability. Readers are cautioned that there is increased uncertainty and higher risk of economic and technical failure associated with such production decisions.
The scientific and technical disclosure in this press release has been reviewed and approved by Mr. G. Peter Parsley, Professional Geologist, a consultant to the Company, who is a qualified person within the meaning of National Instrument 43-101.
About CRH
CRH Mezzanine and CRH Funding are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cartesian Royalty Holdings Pte. Ltd. ("CRH"). CRH offers innovative financing structures with the goal of creating long-term growth and value in world-class gold projects around the globe. CRH is an affiliate of Cartesian Capital Group, LLC, a global private equity firm with proven expertise in assisting closely-held companies develop into global market leaders. Cartesian Capital Group manages more than US$2.4 billion in capital and has offices in New York, São Paulo, Shanghai, Warsaw, and Bermuda. www.cartesianroyalty.com.
About Gold Torrent, Inc.
Gold Torrent is an exploration and development company with a key project located in Alaska, USA. Gold Torrent's priority is to develop and advance the Lucky Shot Gold Project, ultimately resulting in gold production, and an increase in value for shareholders. Gold Torrent continues to pursue high-grade gold opportunities in safe mining jurisdictions. www.goldtorrentinc.com.
This press release is neither an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of offers to purchase, securities.
Forward Looking Statements: This news release contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and Gold Torrent's future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, among others, estimates of resources. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about Gold Torrent's exploration projects, the industry in which Gold Torrent operates and the beliefs and assumptions of Gold Torrent's management. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "continues," "may," variations of such words, and similar expressions and references to future periods, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including such factors as the results of exploration activities and whether the results continue to support continued exploration activities, unexpected variations in ore grade, types and metallurgy, volatility and level of commodity prices, the availability of sufficient future financing, potential changes to royalties and taxes imposed by the Alaska government and other matters discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, and our other periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and available on www.sec.gov. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results or developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this release is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
That's why I was surprised to get a phone call from them one morning a couple of weeks ago, a day or two after the death of my wife Mary Frances.
Jimmy offered condolences and said they how fond they were of Mary Frances and what a joy they were to be around.
We talked for 15 minutes or longer, reminiscing about our old newspaper days at The Tennessean. At one point I asked how they were doing.
“Aw, I'm hanging in,” they said, and shifted the conservation back to Mary Frances and said their prayers were with us.
A few days later I got word that Jimmy had died.
Middle Tennessee lost arguably its most popular outdoors personality and I lost a long-time friend. I wasn't alone. Jimmy Holt was everybody's favorite fishin' buddy.
“Jimmy probably meant more to me personally and professionally than anybody I've ever known,” said Lebanon's Jim Duckworth, a fishing guide, fishing-video producer and one of Holt's pals for decades.
“He taught me everything I know about videotaping, they were the best fisherman I was ever around, and they were just a great all-around guy,” Duckworth said. “He had that same natural charisma that Bill Dance has – everybody who knew them loved him. Jimmy Holt had a million friends and no enemies.”
I first met Jimmy when I joined The Tennessean sports staff in 1967. At the time they were a photographer, and would go on to become the paper's fishing writer and outdoors editor.
Jimmy was a superb photographer whose engaging personality gained them lots of behind-the-scenes access. One summer they met an aspiring young singer named Elvis Presley. Jimmy hung out around town with Elvis and accumulated a collection of candid photos.
In addition to being a newspaperman and photographer, Jimmy was also a Metro councilman and boat dealer. But it was their work on the Tennessee Outdoorsman Show, broadcast on Nashville's PBS station from 1969-2001, for which they were most famous.
Jimmy's wit and sense of humor made the show a long-running success. One example: Jimmy and co-host Glen Smith were taping a show on a section of Center Hill Lake known as Indian Creek when they struck up a conversation.
“Glen, I wonder why they call this place Indian Creek?” Jimmy asked.
“Gosh, I don't know, Jimmy,” dead-panned Glen, turning their back to camera – which showed an arrow protruding from the back of their life jacket.
Such fun-loving hi-jinks didn't distract from the fact that Jimmy was an expert outdoorsman, an avid fisherman and an authority on area waters. They caught fish – big ones and lots of them – when other anglers were getting skunked.
Jimmy was also a dedicated duck hunter. During waterfowl season Jimmy and Tennessean owner Amon Evans would disappear for weeks, hunting out of Amon's duck camp in West Tennessee.
After Jimmy retired from the Tennessean I eventually took over the outdoor editor's job and we stayed in contact over the years. Usually we talked about fishing or newspapering. Fittingly, our final conversation was about Jimmy's concern for others – their mourning the passing of Mary Frances and their concern about how I was doing.
Now, after a half-century's friendship, Jimmy Holt is gone. He'll be missed here, but the angels are going to hear some great fishing yarns.
Check out any fashion magazine, catalogue or commercial right now, and you'll see scads of floral print dresses this year. Always feminine, and so, so pretty, we're talking about the kinds of floral prints that are anything but predictable. This year's collection of plus size floral dresses will take you from the beach, to work, to cocktails and beyond, with sweet styles that are flattering, fun and uber-fashionable.
From shifts and sheaths, to wrap dresses and fit and flares, there's a plus size floral print dress with your name on it. Now don't worry. We're not talking about the kinds of prints that look like someone converted your granny's old quilt. We are talking luscious vintage florals, vivid impressionist florals, and tone on tone florals that can, and should, be righteous additions to your summer wardrobe. Plus, they're designed with your real shape and size in mind. If you're worried that they're a bit too playful for the office, we heartily disagree. Nearly every plus size flowered dress we've featured would be perfect for work, when paired with a professional jacket, cardigan or shrug.
Slip into one of these plus size summer dresses in the morning, and at the end of the day, switch out to flats or espadrilles for a super casual look. We've tossed in our fave causal pick for the beach or picnics, along with a couple of more formal dresses too. After all, summer means wedding season, so you'll want to look almost as stunning as the bride. With ten featured dresses, and dozens more recommendations to go with them, you'll have your shopping done in no time. We've got the long and short of it, from minis to midis to floor length florals with maximum appeal. Check out these Best Plus Size Floral Dresses for Summer 2018: 10 Must-Have Styles. Fill your closet with a few of them, and all eyes are sure to be on you.
1. Best Casual Floral Print Dress: Lands' End Women's Plus Size Cotton Jersey Tunic Dress
This summer dress is light, airy and the perfect companion for any warm weather day. Land's End got it right with a cool and breathable 100 percent cotton fabric that flows perfectly. Toss it on over your swimsuit, or slip it on with some sandals for an afternoon stroll. The brightly colored floral print in hot pink, black and green is a total standout, and the cute notched V-neck gives it simple style, and makes it easier to slide over your head. A little shorter in length, this cute dress is perfect for any casual outing, and terrific for vacation wear. It's cut to accentuate your shape, and has another one of our fave attributes – pockets. It comes in sizes 0X Plus -3X Plus. Looking for similar plus size floral dresses in other colors? Land's End has a gorgeous plumeria print dress in beautiful blue tones on a black background too. You can grab this same cute tunic in a snappy black and white print, to flesh out your summer wardrobe. And it's never too early to pick out some sassy and sexy summer swimwear. Land's End has an awesome selection of plus size options, many of which coordinate with these cute tunic dresses.
Price: $34.95
2. Jessica London Women's Plus Size Pleated Empire Dress
Sweet, sexy and flowing, this Jessical London floral print dress is an absolute summer must-have for work and play. The modest neckline is perfect for a professional work day, but this pretty plus size dress would be a great choice for wedding wear or attending a garden party. The pretty pleated bodice leads to a flattering two inch empire waistband. The flowing, ankle length skirt is lightly gathered below the empire waistband, with a slimming, A-line silhouette. This maxi dress is perfect with sandals, espadrilles or heels. With a hidden back zipper and side pockets, this lovely piece is perfect for your summer closet. Made of polyester georgette, it's machine washable, so we're sure it's going to be one of your favorite looks. It comes in sizes from 12 Plus to 32 Plus. If you'd prefer a shorter dress rather than a maxi, this Jessica London floral print dress hits just below the knee, with a fit and flare style that's delicious in a raspberry colored floral print. We also think you might like the Jessica London Women's Plus Size Floral Printed Sheath Dress. Its clever diagonal color block design is centered by a splash of yellow flowers, giving you lots of color options for coordinating jackets.
Price: $77.17 – $88.37
3. Best Buy: Nemidor Women's Plus Size V-Neck Stretchy Floral Print Dress
A soft and stretchy sweetheart of a dress, this plus size wrap dress delivers elegance, style and super comfy wear. Let's start with the easy, flowing fabric, which has just the right amount of stretch to give you a figure hugging fit, without feeling tight. This vintage blue floral print on black is terrific for weddings, evenings out or business wear. Because of the wrap styling, you might want to find a black or contrast color camisole to wear under it, because you know how hard it is to cover your ample bosom, and wrap dresses are notoriously dangerous in that regard. This dress features a tie in back, so you can easily wrap it a bit looser or tighten it as your needs dictate. It features super cute flutter sleeves, and full and flouncy skirt that hits at midi-length. It also comes in a red and pink on black vintage floral print, as well as six other solid colors. At this reasonable price, it's surprising to see how many women rate these plus size floral dresses so highly. At under $30, you might want to add several to your own collection. They come in sizes 14 Plus to 26 Plus.
Price: $27.99 – $29.99
4. Gabby Skye Women's Plus Size Sleeveless Cut Out Shoulder Dress
Fit and flare styling just happens to be one of the most flattering dress designs, and this pretty plus size floral print dress has it all going on. It skips the cold shoulder, and amps up the look with cut out shoulders that offer the perfect about of sex appeal, without being too showy. The beautiful coral multi-colored floral print is splashed from the shoulders to the hips, but the flared skirt is elegant in creamy white. Gently pleated at the waistline to give the skirt extra swing, and you extra shape, this sleeveless plus size dress is the perfect spring and summer statement for work, with a jacket or shrug, and for more celebratory occasions. Made of an easy care poly/spandex blend, this uber femme frock will keep its shape all day long. It comes in sizes from 14 Plus to 24 Plus. Another coral cutie is the Gabby Skye Short Sleeved Floral Sheath Dress with a super flattering fit. Gabby Skye Women's Plus Size Floral Shift Dress is another summer staple, that features uber-cute bell sleeves and zipper front styling.
Price: $50.60 – $66 (Up to 23 percent off MSRP)
5. Adrianna Papell Women's Plus Size Floral Vines Bell Sleeve Dress
Vintage vines and pretty peachy pink flowers give this pretty sheath a light and fresh look you'll feel beautiful wearing. The sheer overlay is printed with the design, and the underlayer gives it an extra-elegant look. The flowy bell sleeves are sheer, falling just below the elbow. With a v-neck, it's perfect to display your strand of pearls. The sheath styling features figure flattering seaming, and it has a hidden zipper down the back. In sizes 14 Plus to 22 Plus, this dress feels just right for every special occasion. The Adrianna Papell Women's Plus Size Suzette Embroidered Sheath is another elegant option, with cream and cinnamon floral print sheer overlayer and sweet flutter sleeves. The shoulders feature show through styling, and the sleeves are sheer as well. Looking for a more formal option for a wedding or special event? The Adrianna Papell Women's Plus Size Long Floral Dress is an ankle length beauty, with a satin ribbon at the waist, and a wickedly sexy slit up the back.
Price: $189
6. RACHEL Rachel Roy Women's Plus Size Easy Floral Dress
Breezy and beautiful, this flowey RACHEL Rachel Roy dress is going to tempt you to send your office phone to voicemail, and leave early for cocktails. Impressionist artwork inspired this brilliantly bold floral print dress that's perfect for the office, or a more fun gathering. It features an easy wearing shape, and slightly relaxed fit. The drawstring waist allows you to cinch it to your most comfortable point, and the swingy full skirt adds a splash of flirtiness to the look. With sheer long sleeves that nip in at the wrist, and a demure button closure in the back, this pretty poly dress can be machine washed for easy summer wear. It comes in sizes from 0X Plus to 3X Plus. The RACHEL Rachel Roy Women's Plus Size Mixed Ruffle Dress comes in a classic navy and cream floral print, and features an asymmetrical hemline, and sheer floaty sleeves. For stretchier style, the Plus Size Printed Matte Tricot Dress features a flattering surplice style bodice, faux wrap front and a little longer sleeves in a fuschia floral print.
Price: $139
7. Calvin Klein Women's Plus Size Printed Inverted Pleat Dress
Can you tell we're in love with this sheer thing? Who wouldn't be, when a sheer layer add so so much interest to a sweet spring or summer dress. This floral print A-line swing dress features an inverted front pleat to give it even more play. This cute sleeveless dress has a slight keyhole at the back with a button closure, and it comes in three pretty floral prints, as well as a striped version. Falling just above the knee, it could look super dressy with heels, or casual with summer sandals. All these plus size floral dresses come in sizes 14 Plus to 24 Plus. If you're looking for a more fitted look for work, or evenings out, the Calvin Klein Women's Plus Size Printed Scuba Sheath Dress comes in the same size ranges, and four pretty floral prints, and the Floral Printed Sheath Dress With Hardware has a flashy metal embellishment at the notched V-neck for even more added interest.
Price: $45.24 – $129.50 (Up to 65 percent off MSRP)
8. Best Floral Wrap Dress: London Times Women's Plus Size Posie Print Bell Sleeve Matte Jersey Wrap Dress
Spring and summer are the times to put away your stuffy winter suits, and whip out a favorite floral wrap dress instead. This cutie from London Times is a perfect addition to your wardrobe, especially because it's made of a slightly stretchy poly/spandex jersey that looks flattering and moves with you. In brilliant coral and navy, this plus size floral print dress could easily be paired with a navy jacket to make it look more professional. While it falls just above the knee in the photo, do keep in mind that the model is 5′ 11″, so if you're a more moderate height, it will be a bit longer. We think you'll love the classic long bell sleeves, this faux wrap dress is better because of the “faux”. That means you'll never have to worry about unwanted gaps in your lap or at the bosom. With fitted pleats at the surplice style bodice, and more below the waistline, it offers an easy fit, without being too tight across your bottom. It comes in sizes 14 Plus to 22 Plus. Since bell and puffy sleeves are hot, hot, hot this year, you might also want to snag this London Times floral print sheath too, not only for its gorgeous colors, but its ultra-fun sleeve treatment too. Another great buy is the London Times Women's Plus Size Tie Knot Elbow Sleeve Shift Dress, in an almost psychedelic version of floral print. Both of the last two plus size floral dresses we've mentioned them come in at under $35 each. Amazing deals.
Price: $70.47 – $79
9. Best Floral Mini: Adrianna Papell Women's Plus Size Zen Blossom Shift Dress
The cold shoulder look is still super hot this year, and let's be honest – the shift dress never goes out of style. The beauty of this adorable little A-line dress is that it's sassy and sexy, from the pretty floral print to the swingy style and shorter hemline. In an easy care poly/spandex knit blend, this cutie is a wash and wear dream. Naturally, we think the shoulder-baring sleeves are a stand out – leaving your upper arm exposed, and then trying just above the elbow. The cool color combo is another plus. This is cute plus size shift dress comes in sizes from 14 Plus to 24 Plus. Another adorable choice form Adrianna Papell is the Floral Print Plus Size Printed Crepe Scuba Fit & Flare Dress. It takes the best features from several design styles, and combines them into the perfect work dress for summer. The Botanical Soiree Dress is another stand-out for its finely pleated skirt and perfectly fitted bodice. Stylish and fun, it's another great choice for work and social occasions.
Price: $149
10. Best Floral Lace Dress: Gabby Skye Women's Plus Size Multi Keyhole Floral Lace Dress
You know everyone's passionate about purple this year. That glorious periwinkle color is just one of the things we think you'll adore about this plus size lace dress from Gabby Skye. The floral lace makes this an elegant choice for any special occasion, but the princess cut makes it super stylish, with the right amount of fit up top, and lots of pretty flare on the skirt. This sleeveless dress zips down the back for easy slip on. But the standout here is the cleverly cut neckline, that has five teardrops shaped keyholes to let your pretty skin shine through. While this dress lands just above the knee in this photo, keep in mind, the model is 5′ 11″, so it may fall somewhat lower on you. The sheer tone on tone overdress makes for that layered look everyone loves, and you can get it in the palest pink as well. Get it in sizes 14 Plus to 24 Plus. If you're not in love with sleeveless, the Gabby Skye Long Sleeved Crochet Floral Lace Fit and Flare Dress features elbow length sleeves and a lovely boat neck. It comes in five colors that are perfect for summer, and to underdress here is nude for more contrast with the floral lace.
Price: $66
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
I am asserting there is no such company in Bartica
Dear Editor,
Mr. Sherwin Downer has again surfaced in the newspapers, this time claiming to be the spokesperson for the ‘Bartica Chamber of Commerce and Industry or BCCI,' pronouncing on mining matters as if they are some expert in this industry or is even a miner. The ‘BCCI' spokesperson has written several articles criticizing the Government, the Finance Minister, the GRA and the 2017 Budget.
I would therefore like to ask; what are Mr. Downer's credentials? Are they an esteemed economist, an accountant perhaps? Are they an expert in mining matters, Does Mr. Downer know the “bush?” Do they have a dredge? How many years has they toiled in the mining industry? From whence has they accumulated this expertise to be able to pronounce publicly on these matters with such high esteem so as to have their pronouncements published in the daily newspapers?
Secondly, no one in Bartica is familiar with the BCCI. What is the ‘BCCI' and when was it formed? Which companies comprise its membership? How many members does it have? Who are the ‘BCCI' executives and so forth and so on?
The ‘BCCI' has an official sounding name but I suspect it is no different from those fake sites that pop-up on the internet professing to be legitimate businesses whose true purpose is to deceive consumers or release fake news. This is the same Sherwin Downer, a known PPP activist, who was rewarded with the position of press officer for the Bartica IMC. They claimed in 2016 to be the President of the ‘National Mine Workers Union of Guyana (NMWUG).' This turned out to be an untruth for which they found themselves in trouble. I would suggest to my fellow Guyanese to be vigilant and not be deceived; Google ‘BCCI' and call the numbers. Do your own research. BCCI is not a legitimate entity neither is its spokesperson Mr. Sherwin Downer.
Olg Fredricks
Bartica Resident
TAMPA, Fla. — As business development grows in Ybor City, a local business owner wants more to be done to clean up an area now undergoing a major revitalization.
Jennifer Needle and their husband joined a small uprising of shops drawing attention to Ybor City's west side.
"This end of town is really up and coming," said Needle. "That was our whole goal, to bring families in here."
But since opening Mouse Trap Escape, located on North 14th Street, one year ago, Needle has faced a few stomach-churning moments.
"We've encountered some homeless folks that have defecated in alleys for lack of facilities," said Needle.
Needle believes people with no homes shift from Ybor's bustling central district to alleys on the west end during overnight hours.
"It has been a shock to us to realize what's going on at the 3 o'clock hour until maybe 8 o'clock when the buildings come to life."
Business owners in the area expressing a heightened concern this week after Tampa police arrested Ronald Cogman for a spree of vandalism.
According to the arrest report, Cogman smashed out the windows of two buildings and allegedly through a brick through a car window.
"I don't like to say that we're nervous about this, but we have to be more aware of our surroundings," said Needle.
ABC Action News reached out to the Tampa Police Department about the issue. A spokesperson tells us they have not seen an increase in homeless in the area.
"Our homeless liaisons routinely patrol that area, so they know firsthand who is in the area and whether the numbers are increasing. Also, we routinely meet with YCDC and business owners to see if they have any concerns," said Steve Hegarty, with the Tampa Police Department.
Monness Crespi Hardt Analyst Brian White says Google is "really doing it all."
Higher spending again dogged Alphabet Inc. results despite reporting the strongest sales growth in almost four years. A handful of analysts cut their price targets. Jefferies expects 2018 to be an investment year as Alphabet takes a run at Amazon.com Inc. in Home and Cloud while also building up YouTube and Waymo. Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley says “multiple moving pieces” in the first quarter report give fodder to both bulls and bears. The shares fell as much as 3 percent, their biggest drop in three weeks.
Jefferies, Brent Thill
“2018 sounds like an investment year, given the company is taking on multiple challenges -- catching up to Amazon in Home/Cloud, while also driving multiple large businesses forward (YouTube, hardware, Waymo) -- which we think will ultimately help fuel sustained revenue growth and improved competitive positioning longer-term.”
Alphabet's report “was highlighted by the best revenue growth we've seen since 2014, offset by margin compression and elevated capex spend”
Maintains buy rating, price target $1,360
Mizuho, James Lee
U.S. revenue growth slowed less than expected, as “management attributed the strength to mobile search/YouTube and the positive development across the geographies.”
“Core website advertising better than our checks” while “operating income slightly soft ex-accounting due to increased investments.”
Lowers price target to $1,350 from $1,400, maintains buy rating
Pivotal Research, Brian Wieser
“Alphabet reported a decent 1Q18, but worse-than-expected margin compression and capex levels have negative read-throughs for our model.”
“More important than the revenue gains, the big story from the results was the significant rise in expenses, with TAC up +36% (including TAC from Distribution rising +61%) and other direct costs rising +39%.”
Lowers price target to a Street-low $970 from $1,040, maintains hold rating
Wells Fargo, Ken Sena
“Google reported a solid top line but with some notable deleverage across several key operating lines, including TAC, Research & Development, and Sales & Marketing.”
“Taking a more conservative approach to the remainder of the year” with modestly reduced margin outlook due to deleveraging across Sales & Marketing, Other COGS, and R&D.
Overweight, price target $1,275
Morgan Stanley, Brian Nowak
“Results had multiple moving pieces (some for bulls...some for bears) as revenue came in 1% better than expected (3% better than Street) and (by our math) like-for-like EBIT was 6% better than we modeled, though 4% below the Street.”
“Google Websites revenue up 23% y/y ex-FX vs us at 21% y/y,” says this underscores the company's “long growth runway and monetization potential.”
Raises price target to $1,200 from $1,175, maintains overweight rating
GBH Insights, Daniel Ives
“The bulls were hoping for a bigger beat in our opinion around some of the underlying metrics with much angst around search and YouTube advertising revenues in light of recent regulatory swirls post Cambridge/Facebook.”
“We believe 1Q advertising and ‘bread and butter' search revenues were healthy and a good barometer of potential strength heading into the rest of 2018.”
“The big lingering question is around the evolving regulatory landscape that could be on the horizon.”
Baird, Colin Sebastian
First-quarter results reflect “solid top-line outperformance, partially offset by continued aggressive investments.”
“Google advertising revenue growth outpaced consensus expectations, while operating profitability was impacted by continued elevated TAC levels, higher levels of stock-based compensation, and presumably ongoing investments in Cloud/YouTube.”
“No change to our thesis”
Rates outperform
Loup Ventures, Gene Munster
“Most notable on the earnings call was CEO Sundar Pichai's comment that 90% of Google's revenue is Search related. Search relies heavily on keywords and less on private data, reassuring that in a stricter privacy environment, Google's core business should largely be safe”
“Google stayed heavy on the AI theme for the sixth consecutive quarter, mentioning it 25 times vs 18 last quarter.”
RBC Capital, Mark Mahaney
“Revenue came in ahead of expectations though Operating Income came in a little light. Growth remains robust and extraordinarily consistent."
Fundamentals “remain very consistent & robust” with 33 quarters of 23% annual growth. “And the 25% GAAP Operating Margin was only a tad below the three-year average of 26%.”
Maintains outperform, price target $1,285
A Tunisian man believed to have been Osama bin Laden's bodyguard is hiding out in Germany and collecting over $1,400 a month in welfare, according to a report.
The man, who has only been identified by German media as Sami A for privacy reasons, lives in the city of Bochum with their German wife and four children and earns roughly $1,426-a-month in welfare payments, BBC News reported.
Sami A was investigated for their alleged ties to al Qaeda in 2006 but never criminally charged. They must report daily to a police station.
In 2005, a witness at a German anti-terror trial said Sami A worked as one of bin Laden's bodyguards in Afghanistan for several months in 2000.
Sami A has denied the link to bin Laden, but judges in Dusseldorf believed the witness.
Sami obtained temporary residence in Germany in 1999. Eight years later, their application for asylum was rejected because authorities listed them as a security risk. Sami A moved to Bochum in 2005 after taking several technology courses.
Deportation to Tunisia was out of the question since the country is among those where suspected terrorists are tortured.
In the beginning of the Drexel University men's and women's tennis seasons, both teams got off to a great start, winning a game in the Virginia Commonwealth University 4-1 Tournament Jan. 19-20. The Drexel men's team also had a win over Morgan State University at home Jan. 28.
In the VCU 4-1 tournament, the Drexel men's tennis team saw immediate success with a 3-2 win over Georgetown University. Senior Balaji Lakshmanan went 6-4, 6-3 and sophomore Youssef Lahlou went 6-3, 6-3 to win in singles play.
Graduate student Bernard Tefel and junior Sinan Orhon won in doubles with a 6-2, 6-4 victory.
The next day, the men's team fell to Campbell University 3-2 after winning only one singles point and the doubles match. Lakshmanan won their singles match again, 6-1, 7-6, 7-4, while the Tefel and Orhon combo won their match as well, 7-0, 7-6.
The men's team, however, ended the tournament on a sour note, with a 4-1 loss to VCU, as their only point again came from the Tefel and Orhon combo.
The women's team at the VCU 4-1 Tournament started off facing the Rams themselves. Freshman Salma Ziouti continued their hot streak as a rookie with a win over Kanako Yaho, 2-6, 6-1, 10-6.
Unfortunately, that was the only win for the women that day, as sophomore Ghita Benhadi, senior Kendra Bunch and first-year student Mya Fuentes all lost their singles matches in straight sets.
Seniors Ryshena Providence and Clary Rodriguez Cruz also lost in their doubles match.
The women had more luck the next day against Campbell, with a 3-2 victory. Ziouti, Bunch and Fuentes all came out with wins in their singles matches.
The men bounced back from this tournament with a 4-3 victory over Morgan State. Drexel won all their doubles matches, with the senior Hamza Laalej and Orhon combo winning 6-3.
Freshman Sanil Jagtiani and Lakshmanan teamed up to win 6-4, and finally, Lahlou and first-year student Xandy Hammitt won 6-3.
In singles, Lakshmanan won 6-3, 6-1 in their match, while Orhon won 6-4, 7-5 and Jagtiani won 6-4, 6-4.
The Drexel men's team will next head on the road to face Lehigh University Feb. 3 while the women's team will host Georgetown University Feb. 2 at the Hecht/Hamlin Center.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — An environmental group is asking regulators to take a closer look at the draft water quality permit for the proposed PolyMet copper-nickel mine in northeastern Minnesota.
WaterLegacy petitioned the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency on Friday to reject the draft permit, and if the agency doesn't, to convene a “contested case hearing.” That's a trial-like proceeding before an administrative law judge to resolve disputed issues of fact. The group says the permit lacks adequate safeguards to protect water downstream, in violation of federal and state law.
WaterLegacy and other groups petitioned the Department of Natural Resources last month for such a hearing on the project's draft permit to mine.
PolyMet says it can operate the proposed mine near Hoyt Lakes and Babbitt without harming the environment while creating hundreds of jobs.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Doug Weight offered a strong endorsement of their goalies, Jaroslav Halak and Thomas Greiss, before the Islanders took the ice against the Capitals on Monday night.
“I feel good about both our goalies,” they said at the team's morning skate. “No one else does. I don't really care.”
Halak left Weight, plus 11,053 fans in attendance at Barclays Center on Monday, feeling even better after making 31 saves to fend off the Capitals in a 3-1 Islanders win.
“I felt good out there,” Halak said. “Obviously it would be nicer to get a shutout, but a win is a win, two points at home.”
Halak was eyeing the Islanders' first shutout of the year, but the Capitals recorded the lone blemish of their night when Dmitry Orlov scored on a two-on-one with 11:37 left in the game. Still, it hardly changed how Weight felt, calling it Halak's best game of the year.
“He was the difference tonight,” Weight said. “He was a huge percentage of the win tonight for us and that's refreshing.”
Making their third straight start, Halak shut down the Capitals' high-powered first line of Alex Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom and Tom Wilson.
“Every time Ovi is on the ice, you are aware of that,” Halak said.
see also Islanders angry as NHL shrugs at John Tavares hit Sunday came and went without the NHL issuing any further...
Sunday came and went without the NHL issuing any further discipline to Bruins forward Brad Marchand for their high hit on John Tavares on Saturday night. Marchand was assessed a five-minute major penalty for the hit, but will not face any other repercussions from the NHL's department of player safety.
Tavares said Monday the “video speaks for itself,” and that they aren't worried about the lack of punishment, but Weight's reaction was more pointed.
“Things are targeted, things happen spontaneously,” Weight said. “But to me, the ones that are premeditated, it's unfortunate when we only look at results. So if Johnny lies there and they are hurt, there'd probably be something done. I don't know the logic in that.”
The Islanders snapped out of their special teams funk Monday by killing a pair of Capitals power plays. It was the first time in eight games that they did not allow a goal on the penalty kill. In their previous seven games, they had allowed opponents to score 11 power-play goals.
On the flip side, the Islanders' own power-play unit went 0-for-3 and has now scored just twice in its last 23 chances.
Defenseman Johnny Boychuk missed their third straight game with a lower-body injury. Weight said they should be back in “a couple days,” but wasn't certain about their status for Wednesday against the Stars.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
ODINSA inaugurated (07-Dec-2017) the expansion of Bogota El Dorado International Airport's terminal. The project cost more than COP420 billion (USD140 million) and includes six additional aerobridges, three VIP lounges and over 25,000sqm of commercial areas. The airport's commercial offer includes Dufry Duty Free's Hudson, Tech on the go, The Market Place, Gaira Café, Attenza Duty Free, Archie's, la Plaza de Andrés, Wing Paris Croissant, Papa Johns, Inkanta, Montblanc and Dufry Duty Paid. The airport totals 1000ha, with six VIP lounges, 90 aerobridges, capacity to handle 8200 bags per hour, over 700,000 tonnes of cargo p/a and 43 million passengers p/a. [more - original PR - Spanish]
Cloudian CMO to discuss the media and entertainment industry's demand for scalable and accessible next-generation active archive solutions
SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Cloudian, Inc., the innovation leader in enterprise object storage systems, today announced that chief marketing officer Jon Toor will speak at the 2017 Storage Visions® Conference. During the presentation, Toor will discuss the media and entertainment industry's growing demand for scalable, large-capacity and high-resolution storage plus the challenges and solutions of achieving flexible and searchable archives.
What: During the presentation, "Has tape finally met its match? Three ways object storage delivers a faster, more scalable active archive," Toor will discuss the growing need for scalable storage as higher resolution media requires increased storage capacity, and the need for instantaneous media access in today's multi-format, time-pressured workflows.
The presentation is aimed at IT and operations professionals and CIOs in creative industries who are seeking innovative, easy to access and cost-efficient technologies to overcome today's storage limitations. In addition, Toor will discuss three facets of this evolving landscape: how active archive technology must contend with exponential media growth, a look at today's object storage solutions, and a use case verifying these points. Toor will share a real-world example of one of Cloudian's customers that has an archive spanning decades of programming, incorporating 800 episodes, millions of digital assets and multiple petabytes of data.
When:
Monday, October 16th, 2017
5:15pm PST
Where:
Embassy Suites Hotel
901 E Calaveras Blvd
Milpitas, CA 95035
Why: In the coming years, the media and entertainment industry will continue to aggregate vast amounts of unstructured data through the transformation of digital media content. Because the industry is moving at an unimaginably fast pace, companies cannot afford any delay in accessing content. What's more, data archives today are becoming a profit center as content undergoes constant reuse and redistribution. Consequently, the need for limitless capacity is critical. In light of the influx of high-resolution files, tapes, and complex visuals, storage solutions must increasingly deliver a broad range of capabilities in order to ensure that creative industry assets are securely stored and accessible.
About the 2017 Storage Visions Conference
The foremost gathering of innovators driving technology advancements within the entertainment and media industry, the 2017 Storage Visions Conference delivers all aspects of digital storage technology and its applications. The one-day event addresses the limitations hindering the industry, the latest developments in data storage architecture and methodology, today's market trends, attributes and tradeoffs of the latest storage devices, among other ideologies.
CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Agrium Inc. (TSX: AGU) ( NYSE : AGU) announced today that it has successfully commissioned its new urea plant with its first run of urea production at the Borger Nitrogen Operations facility in Texas. We continue to ramp up production and expect to reach full operational capacity by the end of the second quarter of 2017.
The new urea facility has a capacity of 610,000 tonnes of urea, of which 100,000 tonnes of urea equivalent will be Diesel Exhaust Fluid ("DEF").
"The successful completion of our first run of urea production from our Borger nitrogen expansion project continues to emphasize our commitment to operational excellence and creating shareholder value at Agrium. We look forward to bringing our reliable and high quality urea and DEF products to existing and new customers in this key agricultural region of the U.S.," commented Agrium's President & CEO, Chuck Magro.
About Agrium
Agrium Inc. is a major global producer and distributor of agricultural products, services and solutions. Agrium produces nitrogen, potash and phosphate fertilizers, with a combined wholesale nutrient capacity of approximately eleven million tonnes and with significant competitive advantages across our product lines. We supply key products and services directly to growers, including crop nutrients, crop protection, seed, as well as agronomic and application services, thereby helping growers to meet the ever growing global demand for food and fibre. Agrium retail-distribution has an unmatched network of approximately 1,500 facilities and over 3,300 crop consultants who provide advice and products to our grower customers to help them increase their yields and returns on hundreds of different crops. With a focus on sustainability, the company strives to improve the communities in which it operates through safety, education, environmental improvement and new technologies such as the development of precision agriculture and controlled release nutrient products. Agrium is focused on driving operational excellence across our businesses, pursuing value-enhancing growth opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. For more information visit: www.agrium.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties as well as various assumptions and business sensitivities, including those referred to in the MD&A section of the Corporation's most recent Annual Report to Shareholders as well as those risk factors described in the Corporation's most recent Annual Information Form, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Corporation to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, estimates, forecasts and statements as to management's expectations with respect to, among other things, business and financial prospects, financial multiples and accretion estimates, future trends, plans, strategies, objectives and expectations ,commissioning of the Borger expansion in a timely manner and project costs, general economic, market and business conditions, weather conditions, crop prices, the supply and demand and price levels for our major products, governmental and regulatory requirements and actions by governmental authorities, including changes in government policy, changes in environmental, tax and other laws or regulations and the interpretation thereof. Agrium disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
Image caption Many people say they cannot afford to heed the call for a strike
Many Kenyans have ignored opposition leader Raila Odinga's call for a strike over disputed elections.
In the capital Nairobi and other cities, many shops remain open.
At least 24 people have been killed in violence since the 8 August election, Kenya National Commission on Human Rights has said.
Mr Odinga said the poll was rigged to give President Uhuru Kenyatta victory, and called for a "day of mourning for the fallen patriots".
However, Kenyans on Twitter have been using the hashtag #TurudiKaziniChallenge (Swahili for "Let's return to work" ) to urge a return to normalcy following last week's disruptions.
Young people have been burning tyres in Kibera, a Nairobi slum where Mr Odinga has strong support, reports the BBC's Tomi Oladipo from the scene.
However, some of Mr Odinga's supporters in Kibera have opened their shops, saying that while they agree with them that the result was rigged, they cannot afford to lose business, our reporter adds.
Businesses are open as usual in the coastal city of Mombasa.
In the western city of Kisumu, a stronghold of Mr Odinga, there has been a mixed response to the strike, with shops open in some areas and shut in others.
The official results gave President Uhuru about Kenyatta 54% of the vote, and Mr Odinga 45%.
"This is a failed regime that is resorting to killing people instead of addressing the real issue. The vote was stolen. There's no secret about that," Mr Odinga told their supporters on Sunday, as they called for a strike
Foreign observers have declared the poll free and fair.
European Union foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini and former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan are among those who have urged Mr Odinga to seek redress through the courts - something the opposition coalition says is not an option.
The Elections Observation Group (Elog), which had 8,300 observers, said its projected outcome put Mr Kenyatta on 54%, just short of the official figure of 54.3%.
The state of the Palestinian Authority was already on precarious grounds when the Australian government this week announced that it will end direct assistance to Ramallah over its so-called “pay-for-slay” policy of disbursing stipends to Palestinian prisoners and to the families of those killed in clashes with Israeli forces.
The news was widely welcomed in Israel, a large portion of whose populace is repulsed by the PA's allocation of seven percent of its budget to what is widely viewed as an initiative that promotes terrorism.
Cavs' Kevin Love still in doubt ahead of NBA Finals Game 1
Oakland, USA, May 30 (EFE).- The Cleveland Cavaliers' All-Star forward Kevin Love will be in doubt until the last minute before Game 1 of the NBA Finals, held on Thursday at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, California.
Love, who is suffering from a concussion, is still in the NBA's concussion protocol to prevent further consequences, after they suffered a head-to-head collision with Boston Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Finals.
The 29-year-old forward did not speak to the press during the media day on Wednesday but was participating in the shooting drills with their teammates at the Golden State Warriors' Pavilion.
When asked if Love can play tomorrow, Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue replied, “I hope so.”
“I'm still not sure. He's going to go do some things today and see how they feel. But they are in the protocol still, so we'll see how they feel,” they said.
Sources of the team said that Love has made progress since entering the concussion protocol four days ago.
Jeff Green replaced Love in the last two games and averaged 16.5 points and 5.5 rebounds per game.
Love, who missed the 2015 Finals due to a dislocated shoulder, averaged 13.9 points and 10 rebounds per game during the 2018 playoffs.
It takes more than love to keep a relationship hot—and these couples are proof of that. In this episode of Black love, our couples detail everything they do to keep their relationship sexy. After being together for years, Nica & Okai, Jen & Gary and Ben & Melinda, explain the ins and outs of their love and how their passion stays alive.
The group is totally candid about the hottest places they've had sex and the one thing their partner does to turn them all the way on.
You may pick up a few tips for your own relationship along the way.
Happy Valentine's Day!
#Black Love
MORE SEX & LOVE
HelloBeautiful Celebrates Black Love In All Its Forms
Advice For Women In A Sexless Marriage
Here Are 6 Ways Social Media Can Destroy Your Marriage
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Baker Police Department
•Sept. 25, 2017 – Oct. 1, 2017 – 21 Calls for service: 6 law enforcement information reports resulting in ongoing investigations; 2 traffic complaints; 3 citizen assists; 2 vehicle unlocks; 2 animal complaints; 3 agency assists; 3 traffic stops; proactive patrols of the business district and residential areas.
Anyone with any information on any area crime is encouraged to call Crime Stoppers at 406-778-2222.
Study: Many Android Apps Secretly Track Users
More than three in four Android apps contain at least one third-party "tracker," according to a new analysis of hundreds of apps.
The study by French research organization Exodus Privacy and Yale University's Privacy Lab analyzed the mobile apps for the signatures of 25 known trackers, which use various techniques to glean personal information about users to better target them for advertisements and services.
Among the apps found to be using some sort of tracking plugin were some of the most popular apps on the Google Play Store, including Tinder, Spotify, Uber and OKCupid. All four apps use a service owned by Google, called Crashlytics, that primarily tracks app crash reports, but can also provide the ability to "get insight into your users, what they're doing, and inject live social content to delight them."
Other less widely-used trackers can go much further. One cited by Yale is FidZup, a French tracking provider with technology that can "detect the presence of mobile phones and therefore their owners" using ultrasonic tones. FidZup says it no-longer uses that technology, however, since tracking users through simple wifi networks works just as well.
The Yale researchers said: "FidZup's practices closely resemble those of Teemo (formerly known as Databerries), the tracker company that was embroiled in scandal earlier this year for studying the geolocation of 10 million French citizens, and SafeGraph, who ‘collected 17tn location markers for 10m smartphones during [Thanksgiving] last year'. Both of these trackers have been profiled by Privacy Lab and can be identified by Exodus scans."
Yale Privacy Lab is using its research to call on developers, as well as Google, "for increased transparency into privacy and security practice as it relates to these trackers."
The researchers added: "Android users, and users of all app stores, deserve a trusted chain of software development, distribution, and installation that does not include unknown or masked third-party code.
"Scholars, privacy advocates and security researchers should be alarmed by the data, and can provide further analysis now that these findings and the Exodus platform have been made public."
Although Yale didn't examine iOS apps, the company warns that the situation may be no better on Apple's App Store. "Many of the same companies distributing Google Play apps also distribute apps via Apple, and tracker companies openly advertise Software Development Kits (SDKs) compatible with multiple platforms," said the researchers. "Thus, advertising trackers may be concurrently packaged for Android and iOS, as well as more obscure mobile platforms."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWRENCE, Kan. -- An outdoor concert planned on Massachusetts Street in Lawrence Friday was moved indoors.
Granada Theater announced on its Facebook page this week the change in venue was because of weather concerns. However, a communications manager with the City of Lawrence said Friday that Lawrence's City Manager asked for the event to be held inside because they were worried about people's safety.
The concert featuring William Clark Green and KU pep rally were to be held very close to the spot where a memorial now honors five people who were shot early Sunday morning. Three were killed, at least some of whom were innocent bystanders in the popular dining and shopping area.
Lawrence was sponsoring the concert as part of the Live on Mass series.
“People died here and just partying in the same spot doesn't make sense," Sri Komarina, a recent KU grad said.
“Some people may feel more comfortable coming in the Granada and the Granada is a great place to see shows and I do appreciate them being sensitive to people's emotions especially after something so tragic," Gillian Doll said as they waited to go into the Granada.
Prior to the concert, KU held a homecoming parade on Massachusetts Street, which was lined with families.
“Downtown Lawrence is a safe place for families, I'm hoping some of the violence we've seen are isolated incidents. I'm sick for the families that were affected but I'm glad to have my family here today and be part of the positivity of our town," Jennifer Wyatt said.
April 7
Beth Shelton Gant, 49, of Lebanon, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine.
Brooke Elaine Kline, 23, of Lebanon, was charged with assault.
Steven Allen Purkerson, 37, of Watertown, was charged with public drunkenness.
Jess Hansen Sandberg, 39, of Lebanon, was charged with domestic assault.
James Edward Walden, 33, of Hartsville, was charged with criminal impersonation.
Pamela Clarie Zanardi, 23, of Nashville, was charged with theft of merchandise worth more than $1,000 and theft of merchandise worth less than $1,000.
April 8
Auston Michael Boyer, 25, of Lebanon, was charged with theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
David Michael Brewster, 43, of Hartsville, was charged with violation of probation.
Rantavius Jamal Cowan, 29, of Nashville, was charged with violation of probation.
Jordan Leeray Duke, 22, of Carthage, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine, two counts of simple drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Beth Ann Fry, 34, of Winfield, was charged with violating protection order.
Lazerus Sam Hibbett, 24, of Cross Plains, was charged with vandalism.
Ashley Michelle McKinnon, 30, of Manchester, was charged with resisting arrest and simple drug possession.
Dakota Shane O'Daniel, 20, of Madison, was charged with theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
Olivia Taylor Sircy, 22, of Carthage, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine, two counts of simple drug possession, vandalism and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Edwin Lee Steakley, 38, of Hartsville, was charged with theft of property worth between $10,000 and $60,000.
Antwan Devon Stokes, 41, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violating conditional release.
Brooks Harrison Thomas, 35, of Lebanon, was charged with two counts of simple drug possession, manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine and two counts of possession of drug paraphernalia.
– Staff Reports
ფოტო: WizzAir
From the 18th of June, Hungarian airline company Wizzair will launch direct flights from Kutaisi to London Luton Airport, UK, according to information shared by United Airports Georgia, which is the LTD of the Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development of Georgia.
“The flights will be launched after June 18th, twice a week, every Thursday and Sunday. Each flight will be a 180-seat Airbus A320 and 230-seat Airbus A321 type of airplanes,” the United Airports Georgia statement reads.
According to United Airports Georgia, travelers may already purchase their tickets on Wizzair's website. Tickets begin at 105.99 GEL, which is an equivalent of 34.99 GBP.
Wizzair's Communications Manager commented on the new flight route: “Taking into account our interest in the region, we will continue efficient cooperation with Kutaisi International Airport and in future we will offer even more interesting opportunities to Georgian travelers, based on their demands.”
Wizzair is operating in Georgia with 12 low-cost flights to 9 different countries of Europe.
The University of Toledo's social media account made a promise that was too good to be true.
With 500,000 retweets of a tweet put up Tuesday morning, the university would change its mascot to Shrek.
But then, hours — and thousands of retweets later — it disappeared.
People were … upset.
You can't pretend like it never happened pic.twitter.com/GQzwy7kZzW — ₆⁶₆ (@YungSeeef) April 24, 2018
LETS GO SHREK DO NOT THINK WE FORGET — Gable Schoenfelder (@GableS97) April 24, 2018
you changing your mascot or nah? — Eric (@nemchocke) April 24, 2018
if u loved us you would change the mascot to shrek — Jonathan Danilich (@jdanilich) April 24, 2018
wish you would 💙💛Shrek instead — bemusedchunk (@bemusedchunk) April 24, 2018
So what happened?
“The tweet was meant to be fun, but it caused too much of a distraction,” Toledo spokesperson Christine Billau told For The Win in an email.
Buy Photo The Escambia County Supervisor of Elections Office launched a redesigned website, EscambiaVotes.com. (Photo: Tony Giberson/tgiberson@pnj.com)Buy Photo
The Escambia County Supervisor of Elections Office launched a redesigned website, EscambiaVotes.com, on Monday.
The new website features a responsive web design that customizes the web page depending on the device being used, whether a desktop, phone or tablet, according to a press release from the office.
The website also supports HTTPS for an added layer of security and a new site-wide search engine to allow voters an easy way to find information on the site.
The website allows the public to register to vote online, check the status of their registration, request a vote-by-mail ballot and track it, view election dates and results, locate precincts and polling locations, find their elected officials and their contact information, check current candidates and finances, apply to be an election worker and more, according to the release.
More: For Trump base, support is unwavering
Escambiavotes.com was originally launched in 2005, with a major redesign in 2010.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/escambia-county-supervisor-elections-office-launches-redesigned-website/941557001/
Children play at the Foyer Notre Dame de la Nativite orphanage on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Friday Feb. 2, 2018. The State Department is being urged by a group of U.S. senators to pressure the Haitian government into closing the orphanage where several children being adopted by U.S. families have been victims of alleged sexual abuse. Dieu Nalio Chery AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The next phase of development in Longbridge town centre has been revealed.
Regeneration specialist St Modwen is planning to build a new two-storey office building called 3 Devon Way off Longbridge Lane.
New plans have been lodged with Birmingham City Council for the building which will cover 26,260 sq ft and have 80 additional parking spaces on top of the car park already there.
It is expected the new complex will create 165 jobs in the town.
It will sit next to 2 Devon Way and the Innovation Centre and complete the Longbridge Technology Park phase of the £1 billion town centre regeneration following the collapse of MG Rover in 2005.
This latest application follows on from news earlier this month that St Modwen had abandoned plans to open a new cinema in Longbridge.
The Birmingham-based developer won planning permission last year to build a new nine-screen cinema for chain The Light, six restaurant units and a fitness centre for budget operator The Gym.
But it has emerged the plans were dropped by St Modwen as the company said market conditions meant it had not been possible to carry out this project.
It is now seeking the green light from city planning chiefs to build a discount supermarket on land opposite the Sainsbury's and Marks & Spencer stores although no occupier has been announced for the site at this stage.
July Fourth is coming. May we remember many who've fought for our glorious country's freedom.
All roads lead to the Blue Roof of LTV 8, AGIDINGBI, Ikeja on the 21st of April 2017. You are cordially invited to join thousands of others as we BRING DOWN Their GLORY through praise and worship. From 7:00pm till dawn, it will be a10hour marathon of uninterrupted soul-lifting music… This year's fiesta is aptly themed ‘BRING DOWN Their GLORY'. The mouth-watering prospect of being under
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption City Hall has suggested Southern and Great Northern services which run in London could be taken over by 2020
London's deputy mayor for transport has called for "urgent talks" to bring parts of the Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR) franchise under the control of Transport for London (TfL).
Heidi Alexander said some sections which run in the capital could be transferred by 2020.
The franchise has come under fire over the introduction of new timetables.
The transport secretary has previously said they held "initial discussions" with Mayor Sadiq Khan about some services.
Transferring services to TfL would see routes currently run by a privatised company coming under the control of City Hall.
Under the proposed restructure of GTR, TfL would run Southern and Great Northern services which run in the city from 2020.
These would include trains between Moorgate and Enfield, Stevenage and Welwyn Garden City, and suburban services from Victoria and London Bridge to places like Croydon and Sutton.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Heidi Alexander quit as MP of Lewisham East to take up their role at City Hall
In their first major speech, Ms Alexander told a transport conference, hosted by Centre for London, that transferring some services was a "no-brainer".
"The crisis with Govia Thameslink is blighting the lives of Londoners and risks causing our city economic damage if it continues much longer," they said.
They added that TfL was also "ready to take over West London Line services between Clapham Junction and Willesden Junction" and had ambitions to take over "metro services across Southern, SouthWestern and SouthEastern."
The Department for Transport has yet to comment on Ms Alexander's speech.
Speaking in the House of Commons in May, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said they had discussed the "possibility of transferring" some Great Northern services to TfL.
However, there have been previous warnings that giving power to TfL could be detrimental to commuters outside London.
Steve Stephens appears in stills from a video they broadcast of themselves on Facebook in Cleveland, Ohio on April 16, 2017. Steve Stephens / Facebook via Reuters
Related:
Manhunt in Cleveland After Video of Killing Posted to Facebook
“We disabled the suspect's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind,” Osofsky said. “But we know we need to do better.”
They shared the following timeline of events of how the Easter tragedy unfolded on Facebook.
11:09 a.m. PT — First video, of intent to murder, uploaded. Not reported to Facebook.
11:11 a.m. PT — Second video, of shooting, uploaded.
11:22 a.m. PT — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live, is live for 5 minutes.
11:27 a.m. PT — Live ends, and Live video is first reported shortly after.
12:59 p.m. PT — Video of shooting is first reported.
1:22 p.m. PT — Suspect's account disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
The senseless act of violence that has spurred a nationwide manhunt has raised questions about Facebook Live and what can be done to better police criminal content. As a result, Osofsky said Facebook is “reviewing our reporting flows.”
Facebook Live, a tool that was initially for celebrities and public figures, has only been available to the site's 1.86 billion users for one year.
It created a star in Chewbacca Mom Candace Payne and has been used as a powerful social justice tool to capture protests and police-involved shootings.
However, during that time, a Chicago man was tortured on Facebook Live. A rash of suicides is broadcast. In Sweden, a gang rape was reportedly broadcast on Facebook Live. And that's just a few of the incidents that have created a unique challenge for Facebook as the social network strives to balance safety with free expression.
“A lot of this phenomenon of people, whether committing suicide or killing, torturing, raping, is because they know they have this captive audience,” Jen Golbeck, a professor at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies, told NBC News.
By Jill Colvin and ANthony McCartney | Associated Press
WASHINGTON — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West paid a visit to the White House Wednesday to make a star-powered case to President Donald Trump and their staff on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offenses.
Kardashian West has been urging the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who has spent more than two decades behind bars and is not eligible for parole.
It had been unclear whether the socialite would have the chance to sit down with Trump while they were in Washington, but Trump confirmed the meeting — as they often do — via Twitter, writing, “Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.”
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
They included a picture of the two in the Oval Office — Trump seated behind their desk and Kardashian West, dressed in all-black, standing to their right.
Kardashian West arrived at the White House just after 4:30 p.m. for what was expected to be a meeting with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, who is overseeing the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system. They appeared to preview the visit on their Twitter feed, writing: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
A rare A-list celebrity to visit the White House since Trump took office, Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering.
Attorney Brittany K. Barnett, a member of Johnson's legal team, said Kardashian West had hoped to discuss the issue with Trump directly. They said after the meeting that they had consulted with those who had attended and said it “seemed to go well.”
“It is now in President Trump's hands to decide whether to save Alice Johnson's life,” Barnett said.
In an interview with Mic released earlier this month, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet on Twitter.
“I think that they really deserves a second chance at life,” Kardashian told Mic. “I'll do whatever it takes to get them out.”
Kardashian West said in the interview she'd been in touch with Kushner over the case and that, if they had the chance to bring it up with Trump, she'd tell him, “I really do believe that she's going to really thrive outside of prison, and I would just urge them to please pardon her.”
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as a racially charged conviction.
The boxer's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who Trump said had brought the story to their attention in a phone call.
Trump has issued just a handful of pardons, including one for former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a staunch campaign supporter; one for Scooter Libby, who served as chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney; and one for a U.S. Navy sailor convicted of taking photos of classified portions of a submarine.
Kardashian West supported Trump's rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, during the 2016 election. But their husband, rapper Kanye West, recently offered their support for Trump in a series of tweets, saying they both share “dragon energy.” Kardashian West defended their husband when they caught flak on social media for their tweets.
West also paid a visit to the then-president-elect in New York before their inauguration. Trump said they talked about “life” as they posed for photos in the lobby of Trump Tower. West has said they didn't vote in the presidential election, but if they had, they would have cast a ballot for Trump.
Trump and members of their administration have spoken passionately in favor of prison and sentencing reform, but that has sometimes clashed with Trump's law-and-order approach, especially at the Justice Department.
Indeed, Trump has called for getting tougher on drug dealers, including suggesting that some should receive the death penalty.
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected their appeals. Court records show they have a motion pending for a reduction in their sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Memphis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday afternoon.
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
A 1997 Associated Press story on Johnson's sentencing said they headed up a multimillion-dollar drug ring. But Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in their request for a sentence reduction, said they were not a leader in the cocaine operation.
Related Articles Weinstein indicted on rape charges
SZA worries they might have lost their voice for good
Before Roseanne Barr, Ambien also reportedly caused trouble for Elon Musk, Tiger Woods, maybe even Donald Trump
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant at age 54
Jimmy Page vs. boy band's Robbie Williams in neighborhood squabble “What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a nonviolent drug offense, in jail for their entire life?” they said in a telephone interview. “She's a model inmate.”
Scholl added that Johnson has admitted their wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters they have written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees their case.
“Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family,” they said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
In a hand-scrawled letter last June they wrote: “I'm a broken woman. More time in prison cannot accomplish more justice.”
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller in Washington and Kevin McGill in New Orleans contributed to this report. McCartney reported from Los Angeles.
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: FOCUS ON FIXED INCOME: Damian Sassower, fixed income strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence, on emerging market debt and what higher US yields mean for EM.
Running time 05:58
Mary, Lucy and Ruthie Camden are back together again.
In a controversial admission, Brenda Hampton said they would want to include Stephen Collins if there was ever a show reunion.
At least one U.S. citizen was injured during a deadly attack on an Istanbul nightclub — and the terrorist responsible for the massacre remained at large Sunday evening.
At least 39 people were killed and nearly 70 were wounded when a gunman opened fire shortly after a nightclub crowd had celebrated ringing in the New Year.
“Unfortunately (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Gov. Vasip Sahin told reporters.
The attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the popular Reina club at around 1:15 a.m. before entering and firing on people partying inside.
Expand / Contract Police secure area near an Istanbul nightclub, Turkey, January 1, 2017. REUTERS/Osman Orsal – RTX2X3I4
Nearly two-thirds, or 24 of the people killed were foreign visitors, many from the Middle East, according to Turkey's state-run Anadolu agency. Countries from India to Belgium reported their citizens among the casualties. Close to 70 others were injured.
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club that is often frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the attack and the music fell silent.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for what authorities immediately called a terrorist attack. Turkish officials did not comment on the possible identity or motives of the assailant.
The mass shooting follows more than 30 violent acts that rocked Turkey — a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State (ISIS) group in Syria and Iraq — in the span of year.
The country endured multiple bombing attacks in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone which authorities blamed on ISIS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among them were an 18-year-old Israeli woman; three Indian citizens; three Lebanese; a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and their Tunisian husband; three Jordanians; and a Belgian national, according to the countries' respective foreign ministries.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman, who has not been identified, remains at large. “Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, they will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant entered the upscale nightclub, on the shores of the Bosporus strait, on the European side of the city, dressed in a Santa Claus outfit — a claim Prime Minister Binali Yildirim denied.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a male assailant dressed in black and carrying a backpack as they shoot down a police officer outside the nightclub.
Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat. The prime minister denied that the gunman wore a Santa outfit.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the venue and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, was passing by the club and saw the suspect shoot at a police officer and a bystander. They said the suspect then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once they went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims include a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral ceremony Sunday in Istanbul where their two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had brought foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
The nightclub area remained sealed off on Sunday.
Heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub where the entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside Reina searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
And there were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were brought for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul on Sunday warned American citizens to keep their movements in the city “to an absolute minimum.”
A statement reminded U.S. citizens that extremists “are continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks in areas where U.S. citizens and expatriates reside or frequent.”
The United States also denied reports in Turkish news outlets and on social media that its security agencies knew in advance that the nightclub in Istanbul was at risk of a terror attack.
The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said in a statement that “contrary to rumors circulating in social media, the U.S. Government had no information about threats to specific entertainment venues, including the Reina Club.”
Turkey faces a wide spectrum of security threats.
ISIS claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings in January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street, as well as a high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Ataturk Airport in June.
In December, ISIS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Turkey's violent 2016 also reflects the intensification of an armed conflict between the state and Kurdish rebels. Turkey-based Kurdish groups have claimed multiple suicide attacks. Ankara has said Kurdish affiliates in Syria and Iraq share responsibility.
Complicating matters, the country endured a coup attempt on July 15, blamed by Ankara on a U.S-based Islamist cleric. A state of emergency has been in force since then, and authorities have purged key institutions, including the army and police.
The consecutive calamities have left the nation on edge and kept tourists at bay. In Istanbul, a bustling city bridging Europe and Asia, the toll on the economy is evidenced in the closure of iconic restaurants and lowered hotel prices.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent their Turkish counterpart a telegram of condolences, saying “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey.
Prime Minister Yildirim vowed to keep fighting terror organizations, but noted that, “The terror that happens here today may happen in another country in the world tomorrow.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
Should President Trump pass on the Diet Coke?
A New York Times story on life inside the White House published last weekend said Trump consumes a “dozen Diet Cokes” every day. Trump's thirst for the diet drink doesn't follow national trends. Diet soda sales have tumbled in recent years as consumers switched to bottled water. Bottled-water consumption in the U.S. hit 39.3 gallons per capita, according to data released this year, while carbonated soft drinks fell to 38.5 gallons, marking the first time that soda was knocked off the top spot, according to recent data from industry tracker Beverage Marketing Corp. (Soda, however, remains more expensive.)
Trump once observed that he's “never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.” A spokesperson for Trump did not respond to request for comment, but a spate of recent research suggests the Commander-In-Chief may be onto something.
Does diet soda help you lose weight or confuse your body?
Researchers are divided over whether diet soda actually helps people lose weight, according to a 2017 review of trials and studies involving more than 400,000 participants and published in the peer-reviewed Canadian Medical Association Journal. Diet soda may condition the body to expect calories, according to Susan Swithers, a professor of psychological sciences and a behavioral neuroscientist at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Ind. When people drink diet soda, the body speeds up its metabolism and releases hormones to anticipate sugar and calories, they said.
However, the Calorie Control Council, a trade group for manufacturers of artificial sweeteners including sucralose and aspartame, said the latest study linking weight gain and heart disease with low calorie sweeteners paints with too broad a brush. “Obesity is a complex condition with numerous causes and associations,” a statement at the time read. Robert Rankin, president of the Calorie Control Council, said, “Individualized strategies are critical for successful body weight management and should address not only dietary preferences.”
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 A post shared by President Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 26, 2016 at 2:29pm PDT
What diseases have studies linked to artificial sweeteners?
Artificially sweetened beverages may be linked to an increased risk of stroke and dementia, according to a recent study by the American Heart Association's peer-reviewed journal Stroke. The researchers looked at 2,888 people over the age of 45 (with a median age of 62) for stroke risks and 1,484 people over the age of 60 (with a median age of 69) for risk of dementia. After adjustments were made for age, sex, caloric intake, diet, exercise and smoking, they found that diet soda drinks “were associated with an increased risk of ischemic stroke, all-cause dementia, and Alzheimer's disease dementia.” (The study cites correlation rather than causation.)
Another 2015 study found that older women who consume two or more diet sodas per day are 30% more likely to suffer a cardiovascular event and 50% more likely to die from related disease than women who rarely consume the drinks. Ankur Vyas, a fellow of cardiovascular diseases at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, and the lead investigator of the study, analyzed nearly 60,000 women aged 50 to 79 years. (The American Beverage Association argued that those who are overweight and already at risk for heart disease may consume more diet drinks.)
There was a very brief period in my life, when I was in my late 20s—I'm 41 now—during which I *maybe* averaged one Diet Coke a day (possibly less).
My doctor was like, "You need to cut that sh*t out." So I did.
Donald Trump is 71 and the NYT says they drink 12 Diet Cokes a day. pic.twitter.com/BdjK4PNne1 — Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) December 10, 2017
Is sucralose in Diet Pepsi safer than aspartame in Diet Coke?
In 2015, Diet Pepsi PEP, +0.70% switched from aspartame to sucralose. “Sucralose is almost certainly safer than aspartame,” said Michael F. Jacobson, executive director at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank. Aspartame-free Diet Pepsi is a “blunt acknowledgment” that consumers have soured on aspartame, they said. (The Food and Drug Administration has ruled that artificial sweeteners are safe and Jacobson said that even Diet Coke is likely better for you than regular soda with high-fructose corn syrup or sugar.)
Diet Coke, favored by Trump, is made with aspartame. Sucralose was accidentally discovered by U.K. scientists developing new insecticides, remains the biggest sugar substitute on the market, according to retail tracking service Infoscan Reviews and Information Resources, Inc. Aspartame is made from two amino acids, while sucralose is a modified form of sugar with added chlorine. One 2013 study found that sucralose may alter glucose and insulin levels and may not be a “biologically inert compound.” (Coca-Cola did not respond to request for comment.)
Coca-Cola KO, +0.04% introduced Coca-Cola Life in the U.S. in 2014. It has about half the calories of a regular Coke, and uses both cane sugar and the natural plant sweetener Stevia, a sugar substitute that has been growing in popularity in recent years. To highlight the natural ingredient, Coca-Cola Life had a green label instead of the traditional red. Diet Coke still uses aspartame, but a July 2013 study in the journal Food and Chemical Toxicology found that aspartame does not cause health problems like cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Trump, meanwhile, does not smoke or drink alcohol, arguably two vices that are far more damaging to one's health. But experts have also warned about their penchant for fast food.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) – An Albuquerque hairdresser has been receiving the biggest tips any hairdresser in the world has likely ever seen. But there's a problem; their customers are giving them those tips by accident, and those accidents have led to a maze of problems.
Inside a modest shopping mall in northwest Albuquerque, longtime hairdresser Dawn Warnack is making a modest living beautifying customers with cuts, colors and style.
“Sometimes it's feast or famine,” said Warnack. “I did raise three kids doing this profession, but you have to work hard and you have to have a lot of clients, and you have to love it.”
She's made a name for themselves over the last 18 years in Albuquerque, building up clientele along the way.
Warnack was named the best hairstylist in 2016 by Albuquerque The Magazine.
“She's great,” Sandra Sanchez, one of Warnack's clients, told KRQE.
“It allows you to be creative, it allows you to be social,” Warnack explained of their profession.
But despite their skills, it surprised everyone when Warnack received the biggest tip she'd ever seen last August.
“I'm good but I'm not that good!” Warnack laughed.
A client swiped their credit card, chose a tip amount, and signed for the total using a popular credit card payment application.
“She leaves me like a $3 tip and it turned into $3,000,” Warnack recalled.
They immediately called PayHub, the company that runs the app they use for mobile credit card payments.
Warnack said a PayHub representative told them how to process a refund before the transaction finalized. The crisis was averted until another client came in.
“I said, ‘let's just see if it happens to you.' I was just joking!” Warnack recalled.
“And sure enough they gave me a $25 tip and when it went to finalize it said $25,000. So they panicked, I panicked.”
They immediately refunded the mistaken tip through the app and notified PayHub once again about the glitch.
Days later, Warnack gave highlights and a haircut to long-time customer, Sandra Sanchez.
“I've been coming to Dawn for at least 10-15 years,” said Sanchez.
Sanchez said they swiped their credit card with Warnack's PayHub app, then chose a tip amount for the $80 service.
“I selected 20 percent, the button, and went ahead and signed my name with my fingertip,” said Sanchez. “It was not doubled or anything like that.”
Long after they left the salon, Sanchez woke up to a mobile alert from their bank at 4 a.m.
“Insufficient funds,” Sanchez recalled. “It does definitely make your heart stop for a minute.”
The money in their bank account was gone. Sanchez figured they were a victim of identity theft, until they saw their hairdresser's name on the charge.
Sanchez's $16 tip turned into $160,000. To be exact, a tip for $160,540.25 actually went through. They said their bank told them once the original purchase was approved, the tip was automatically green-lit.
“People trust you that when you do their hair, they trust you with their hair and then they trust you with their money,” said Warnack.
The hairdresser immediately refunded the massive tip and worked with their customer's bank to fix the problem.
“When they give you a tip, that's out of gratitude, it's not expected,” Warnack said. “So then something like that takes advantage of their gratitude and it makes me uncomfortable. I don't want people to think that I was the one putting the money in.”
After settling the problem with their customer's bank account, it turned out Warnack's problems weren't over.
They received a bill from PayHub for their cut of all those transaction fees, nearly $3,000. That's more than they normally make in a month.
“What's the whole point of having a refund button if you're gonna get penalized for using it?” Warnack asked.
“If you go to the grocery store and refund something or give something back, it's done. You don't have people coming back to you saying you owe fees on something that you returned or on money that you returned,” they added.
To make matters worse, the IRS is now involved. The $160,000 they never made showed up on their 1099 as income for the month of August.
“The whole thing is wrong,” said Warnack. “I can't be the only person this has happened to.”
She's not the only one who's had issues with a tip glitch on PayHub.
PayHub's customer service told KRQE to email Central Payment Systems, which processes payments for the Texas-based company.
Central Payment Systems directed KRQE to SignaPay, PayHub's parent company. SignaPay's Vice President of Business Development said it appears there was a system-wide error last August and September.
Merchants around the country reported erroneous tip amounts to businesses that use PayHub. However, SignaPay said the glitch is now fixed.
So why is Warnack being charged thousands in transaction fees for PayHub's problem?
“They still now won't return my phone calls or return my emails,” Warnack explained.
They said she's been disputing the transaction fees for months.
After KRQE started asking questions, Warnack got a call Monday from a Central Payment System representative who assured them the issue will be resolved, and the company will no longer charge their transaction fees for the mistake.
Warnack has since stopped using PayHub, and now uses a different app.
Them customers aren't holding the tip mistakes against them Although, some clients have gone back to writing their old fashioned checks.
Sanchez said she's now keeping a closer eye on them emailed receipts after swiping their credit card.
“I thought at the time, well I know what I spend and I'm pretty good about that,” said Sanchez.
“It does make me realize that there's more than just yourself and the merchant that might be involved,” they added.
Sanchez warns other consumers to always read the finalized total on credit card purchases.
Warnack's biggest tip is one for the books.
The hairdresser is still working with the IRS to fix their tax mess. Them client that left the $160,000 tip said she's thankful they had mobile alerts set up from their bank, or they may not have caught the mistake early enough.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
18:50 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Eastbound Route 1 congested at Ben-Shemen Interchange Eastbound traffic on the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv Highway (Route 1) is congested at the Ben-Shemen Interchange following a car accident. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
According to the Tennessee's Integrated Traffic Analysis Network, there were 71 crashes and four deaths statewide related to alcohol-impaired driving during Super Bowl weekend last year. In 2016, there were 67 crashes and two fatalities.
“Our state and local partners will increase enforcement to remove drunk drivers from the roadways,” said THSO director Vic Donoho. “Officers will conduct sobriety checkpoints, saturation patrols, and high visibility enforcement. We ask that all Tennesseans plan ahead and make safe driving choices.”
This year, the THP developed a new public service announcement to remind football fans the most important part of a party checklist is to designate a sober driver. To view the PSA, visit youtube.com/watch?v=fltzS6kayi4.
“In 2017, state troopers removed 116 impaired drivers from state roadways during Super Bowl weekend,” said THP Col. Tracy Trott. “Drunk driving is not a game. If you fumble and get behind the wheel, you risk losing your life or the life of another. Be a team player. Always find a sober ride home.”
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Dr. Ali Sepehr adds JUVEDERM VOLBELLA, a minimally invasive lip enhancement product, to their armamentarium of non-surgical facial enhancement procedures
IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Lip enhancement has become a popular treatment among many celebrities and the public. To keep up with demand, Irvine facial plastic surgeon Ali Sepehr, MD has expanded their selection of cosmetic injectables to include JUVÉDERM VOLBELLA®. This innovative dermal filler is FDA-approved to plump lips and soften fine lines around the mouth, something Dr. Sepehr says patients of all ages increasingly desire.
The lips, like many other areas of the body, can change shape with time. Dr. Sepehr explains that the normal process of aging can thin lips, cause wrinkles, and reduce lip line definition. To combat these issues, they administer VOLBELLA® into a series of targeted locations. Dr. Sepehr notes that VOLBELLA® is intended for patients who are 21 years of age or older. Additionally, they recommend that individuals considering this treatment discuss their goals with a board certified facial plastic surgeon or another extensively trained and qualified injector for the best results.
Dr. Sepehr says VOLBELLA® injections can be completed in about 15-30 minutes, and many patients choose to have the procedure on their lunch break. Common side effects include mild bruising, swelling, and redness in the treated area, which Dr. Sepehr explains should subside quickly. They add that most individuals can return to their regular schedule immediately after treatment.
According to the manufacturer, VOLBELLA® is comprised of hyaluronic acid, a substance that occurs naturally in the body, and can last up to a year. Follow-up treatments can extend the effects, Dr. Sepehr explains, for patients who want the benefits to continue beyond this point. They say other dermal fillers may also be effective for lip enhancement, as well as more comprehensive facial rejuvenation, and these options can be discussed during the initial consultation.
About Ali Sepehr, MD
Certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic Surgery and fellowship-trained, Dr. Ali Sepehr is also a Diplomate of the National Board of Medical Examiners. They earned their medical degree at the University of California, Irvine and completed additional medical training at the University of Toronto School of Medicine. The recipient of numerous awards. Dr. Sepehr also dedicates much of their time to outreach programs, including the UCLA School of Medicine Mobile Clinic, the Salvation Army Mobile Clinic, and the Lennox High School Health Fair.  They are available for interview upon request.
For more information about Dr. Sepehr and their practice, please visit orangecountyfacialplasticsurgery.com and facebook.com/ocfacialplastics.
To view the original source of this press release, click here:
https://www.orangecountyfacialplasticsurgery.com/news/irvine-facial-plastic-surgeon-now-offering-juvederm-volbella-for-lip-enhancement
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
You wouldn't normally find the two of us appearing in print together. We've spent the last seven weeks campaigning on opposites sides in a general election campaign after all.
We're also mayors of city regions that have enjoyed a history of friendly rivalry. The capital and the West Midlands both have their fair share of claims to fame.
We all love our football. London teams may have the upper hand at the moment, but let's not forget that association football was born in the West Midlands and that Chelsea and Aston Villa are neck and neck on league championship titles!
We love our food too. For London's Brick Lane (or Tooting High Street!) read Sparkbrook or Lye.
So while we may disagree over some things when it comes to politics and we will always fight to promote the attractions of our respective city regions, there are always things we can agree about.
For a start, we're both incredibly fortunate to be working on behalf of the citizens of two of the greatest city regions in the world.
Where are the Great Get Together events in Birmingham this weekend
Both are defined by their diversity of food, religions, languages and cultures. Both are capable of showing how people from different backgrounds and cultures can live, work and thrive alongside each other.
Like the rest of the country, the West Midlands stood in solidarity with London – and with Manchester – in the wake of the recent terrorist attacks that sought to divide our communities.
Together we emerged stronger.
It's in this spirit of community and solidarity that people across London and the West Midlands will be taking part in The Great Get Together this weekend.
The event is being held to commemorate the anniversary of Jo Cox's murder by a far right extremist. Then, just as now, the country came together to reject the actions of those who try to turn us against each other.
This weekend almost 120,000 events are planned across the country to celebrate Jo's belief that ‘we have more in common than that which divides us'. As you'll see some of the most exciting events are taking place in our two cities.
Birmingham politicians pay tribute to murdered MP Jo Cox, the 'brave giant' shot in the street
Doves For Jo will be the centre piece of an event at Birmingham Cathedral. The Olympic Park in London will host a huge finale to the weekend.
Across the UK faith groups will be holding inclusive community events and praying together.
So as two mayors from rival parties we're more than happy to join forces in urging all Londoners and West Midlanders to join in and get involved. If you feel inspired to organise something of your own, there's still time and lots of ideas on how to do it on the Great Get Together website .
Alternatively, you can find out what's going on near you and head along.
And, if you're stuck for things to talk about? Here's a conversation starter: despite our rivalries, what do the people of the West Midlands and London have in common?
A Long Island high school teacher's assistant was arrested for raping an underage student at the school, Suffolk County police said Friday.
Bay Shore High School teacher's assistant Marcus Johnson was arrested Thursday night and charged with rape and endangering the welfare of a child for having an “inappropriate relationship” with a teenager at the school, according to the Suffolk County Police Department.
The victim, now 15 years old, was 14 when the abuse started, cops said. Police say the victim was not one of Johnson's students.
The 27-year-old paraprofessional has worked for the Department of Education since 2014, according to See Through NY. Johnson worked at the high school with children with autism since 2016, according to their Facebook page.
Johnson is scheduled to be arraigned in Central Islip court Friday.
Follow @insidefutbol
Rob Green feels the swinging fortunes of Leeds United and Bristol City are testament to the volatile nature of the Championship.
Leeds managed to shake off their two defeats on the trot with a 2-1 win over Bristol City at Elland Road on Tuesday night, with Green making some top saves to ensure three points for the Whites.
It left Bristol City scrapping towards the wrong end of the table and they are just three points ahead of Wigan, who are currently 22nd in the Championship, but the view was a lot different when the Whites travelled to the Ashton Gate in September.
Leeds were just climbing up the league table after a horror start to the season, but a win for Bristol City meant that they moved up to fifth in the league table and Garry Monk's men continued to remain in the bottom half of the Championship.
And Green believes the differing fortunes of both sides at this stage of the season is what makes the Championship such a volatile league and they feel the key for any side in the division is to learn to bounce back from disappointment quickly.
The goalkeeper told BBC Radio Leeds: “It was another tough game, let's not kid ourselves.
“They are scrapping down at the bottom, we were scrapping down at the bottom at one point in the season and in the return fixture they were above us and flying.
“This is the Championship, this is what it's about and you will have your bumps on the road, the quicker you can bounce back is key.”
Leeds will travel to Portman Road to take on Ipswich Town on Saturday.
JEFFERSON HILLS, Pa. (AP) — Cincinnati Bengals receiver Tyler Boyd was charged Thursday with owning a vape pen containing the active ingredient in marijuana, that police say they found when Boyd's friend crashed Boyd's car in the Pittsburgh suburbs in July.
Jefferson Hills police say Boyd, a former star at the University of Pittsburgh and Clairton High School — also in the suburbs — lent their car to a friend who crashed it about 3 a.m. July 12. Boyd wasn't in the car.
But police say they found an open bottle of cognac, an unopened bottle of peach vodka, and two vape pens and several unopened vape cartridges containing THC.
Boyd's attorney, Daniel Konieczka says there “might be some factual confusion” over who owned the vape items. But police say Boyd acknowledged owning one of the vape pens.
Mystery is swirling over a grisly discovery that was dug up Monday from a basement of a Long Island home, officials say.
Skeletal remains, which investigators are trying to determine whether they belong to a woman who went missing back in the 60s, were discovered under the basement of a home on Lower Road in Southold, authorities said. Police say they went to the home as part of an investigation into the 1966 missing person case of Louise Pietrewicz.
The homeowner, who police said has no involvement in the missing person case, consented to the search. Detectives dug up part of the Lower Road home and found the skeletal remains.
Pietrewicz's boyfriend at the time of their disappearance and the previous owner of the home died sometime in the 1980s, according to police. Officials said the same basement had been searched and parts of it were dug up in 2013, but nothing was found.
The old bones were taken to a medical examiner to determine the identity and cause of death.
See highlights of 10 girls basketball sectional semifinals from across central Indiana from Friday night, February 2 with Charlie Clifford.
Watch highlights of individual games by clicking on the matchups below!
Carmel vs. Noblesville
Hamilton Southeastern vs. Fishers
Southport vs. Ben Davis
Perry Meridian vs. Pike
Brownsburg vs. Avon
Plainfield vs. Mooresville
Tech vs. North Central
Heritage Christian vs. Warren Central
Zionsville vs. Logansport
Kokomo vs. Lafayette Jeff
Staff and volunteers at a Borders school are celebrating after being recognised for their efforts to give youngsters a sporting chance.
Denholm Primary School has been given a prestigious national award for innovation and achievement in delivering physical education and extra-curricular sport.
Euan Amos at Denholm Primary School.
It has been handed a Sportscotland silver school sport award for its commitment to engaging all pupils in sporting activity.
Funded by the National Lottery, the award is a nationwide initiative intended to encourage schools to continuously improve physical education and sport.
The award also encourages sporting links between schools and the communities around them.
Stewart Harris, chief executive of Sportscotland, said: “Congratulations to all the staff and pupils at Denholm Primary School.
“They should be extremely proud of this fantastic achievement.
“Not only have they put physical education and sport at the heart of their school and local community, but they have managed to do so in a way that encourages all pupils to engage in physical activity whilst having fun at the same time.
“Sportscotland is committed to building a world-class sporting system for everyone, and a crucial part of that is putting young people at the heart.
“Working with our partners in local authorities and governing bodies of sport, we are creating closer links between physical education, school sport and club sport, which benefits young people by providing more and better opportunities to take part in sport.” With more applications than ever before, there are currently 212 Sportscotland gold award schools, 336 silver ones and 84 given bronze.
Morag McCreadie, headteacher at Denholm Primary, said the award was an honour, adding: “Our staff work incredibly hard to deliver a variety of sports across the year and to all stages in the school. We believe that physical education, physical activity and sport are important factors in the school curriculum, and without our committed staff and volunteer coaches working alongside sports specialists, it would not be possible to achieve as we do.”
Coming off victories in the quarterfinals against the runaway English and Spanish champs, respectively, Liverpool and Roma are set to begin their Champions League semifinal matchup with the first leg at Anfield on Tuesday.
In the United States, the match is scheduled to start at 2:45 p.m. ET and will be broadcast on Fox Sports 1. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch the game live on your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV: In addition to their extensive Netflix-like streaming library, Hulu now also offers a bundle of live television channels, including Fox Sports 1. You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of the game on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
FuboTV: Fox Sports 1 is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package, which is tailored towards international soccer fans. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch the game live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
DirecTV Now: Fox Sports 1 is included in all four channel bundles. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can also get an Amazon Fire TV if you prepay two months. Once signed up, you can watch the game live on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
Preview
Going up against a Manchester City side that has dominated the Premier League and largely been considered the best team in Europe this season, Liverpool looked like the better side in the All-England quarterfinal. One of just two teams to beat City in Premier League play this year, Jurgen Klopp's side followed that up with a 3-0 drubbing at home in the first leg then slammed the door on the Citizens with a 2-1 victory at the Etihad.
A deadly attack led by the unstoppable Mohamed Salah, Liverpool has scored 80 goals in the Premier League, which is second only to City, and a whopping 33 in Champions League play, which is six more than the next side (PSG). Moreover, in the four matches since the knockout phase began, Liverpool has tallied 10 goals (and that includes a second leg against Porto in which they sat on a 5-0 aggregate lead and didn't score), while the trio of Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane have combined for nine of those goals and two assists.
Roma, meanwhile, comes into this one after a thrilling quarterfinal win over the one European team that could claim they've been better than City this season: Barcelona. The Catalans jumped out to a 4-1 aggregate lead with a dominant performance at Camp Nou, but a seemingly harmless Edin Dzeko 80th minute goal in that one turned out to be critical, as Roma responded with a 3-0 home win in the second leg and completed the unbelievable comeback by advancing on away goals.
Eusebio Di Francesco's side is tight at the back, as they've allowed just two percent of opposing shots to come from inside the box during Champions League play. Slowing down Salah–their former player–and company is an obviously tall task, but their 3-0 win over Barça, in which they allowed just three shots on a target, was a reminder of how well they can frustrate even the best attacking side liverin the world.
Put it all together, and this is fascinating matchup between two sides that not many people felt would still be playing at this stage.
"OK this is going to get a little bit crazy. I'm gonna take y'all a little left on this." When Cleveland Cavaliers guard Jordan Clarkson slapped this disclaimer on the latest and potentially the greatest blast of NBA pseudoscience during their Road Trippin' podcast appearance on Monday, there was no question that what came next was going to be a little, umm, out there. What we didn't know until Clarkson was pressed on their dinosaur-related beliefs, however, is that it would be swirling around the Oort Cloud at the edge of interstellar space 93 million miles from Richard Jefferson and Channing Frye's little rolling recording studio. Brace yourselves, humble patrons of logic and science. This is a doozy.
CLARKSON: I don't believe in dinosaurs either. Well, actually I do. I believe that, OK this is going to get a little bit crazy. I'm gonna take y'all a little left on this. Y'all know how we got dogs and stuff, right? So I think there was bigger people on the world before us, and like the dinosaurs was they pet. FRYE: So how big were these people? CLARKSON: Well, you look at a dinosaur — they might be three times bigger than them.
So there you have it; Jordan Clarkson's Cretaceous Fido Theorem and the script for a new B-movie blockbuster from the producers of Sharknado probably. Needless to say, if you thought Kyrie's flat-earth brow-beating was bad—and trust us, it was very, very bad—this is incalculably worse. This is creationism crossed with Lord of the Rings blended with The Land Before Time for the kind of people who run Instagram accounts for their gruesomely conceived Husky-Pomeranian mixes. Given the decades of scientific advancement being shoved through a paper shredder down in DC at this very second, it's also pretty damn dangerous.
For now, though, the hilarity outweighs the horror, so let's all just laugh and keep our fingers crossed. If J.R. Smith shows up to practice next week talking about Poodlesauruses, you'll know humanity is going down.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Emerson Gives $1.5M For Texas A&M Advanced Automation Lab
The new facility will offer practical experience with next-generation automation, wireless and Industrial Internet of Things technologies.
Future classes of undergraduate engineering students studying at Texas A&M University will have access to advanced automation technologies in use at industrial facilities around the world as a result of a $1.5 million donation by global technology and engineering company Emerson. The donation funds the Emerson Advanced Automation Laboratory, which will provide Texas A&M engineering students a modern, high tech, active learning environment, simulating real-world plant operations found in manufacturing facilities for the oil and gas, refining, life sciences, food and beverage and other industries, according to the company. The laboratory will reportedly be an integral part of the university's new Zachry Engineering Education…
"For people with DID, aspects of cognitive function that are normally unified/integrated, like personality, identity, and memory, are fragmented and can become their own separate identities," Lewis-Fernández tells BuzzFeed Health.
People with DID will feel like they're alternating between those multiple identities (each with their own personality traits and memories), which causes them to feel like a coherent, consistent sense of self is missing, they explain. They may feel like there are multiple voices trying to take control in their head, and when a separate identity is present and in control — aka "out" — the person functions with that identity's memories and personality traits.
DID was known as multiple personality disorder until 1994, when it was changed to represent a better understanding of the condition — which is that DID is more of a fragmentation of one's identity, than the development of several random, separate identities. It's under a category in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) that also includes depersonalization disorder and dissociative identity disorder.
Come on Bernie, just because nobody wanted you to be president, doesn't mean you have to keep picking on the President of the United States. President Donald Trump has done an amazing job communicating with Puerto Rico, even the governor agreed. However, that didn't stop Bernie Sanders from calling our president a white supremacist.
Let's not forget that the governor of Puerto Rico stated, “I have to say that the administration has responded to our petitions. FEMA, Brock Long, has been on the phone virtually all the time with me, checking out how things are going.” Regardless the media still chose to focus on how the mayor of San Juan was displeased with President Trump.
To add flame to the fire, Bernie Sanders explained that the reason Donald Trump was not working harder to help Puerto Rico is because they are a racist white supremacist. We guess they forgot that most of Puerto Rico's skin color is actually white.
Sanders stated, “Given the president's history on race, given the fact that they — a few months ago — said there were good people on both sides when neo-Nazis were marching in Charlottesville, yeah, I think we have a right to be suspect that they are treating the people in Puerto Rico in a different way than they have treated the people of Texas or Florida.”
Wow, this shows how stupid they are.
Do you think Bernie is mentally disturbed?
By MARI YAMAGUCHIAssociated Press
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA, Japan (AP) - The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag they took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II. When Marvin Strombo finally handed the flag back to Sadao Yasue's younger brother and sisters Tuesday, they understood what it really meant to them.
Tatsuya Yasue buried their face into the flag and smelled it, then they held Strombo's hands and kissed them. Their elder sister Sayoko Furuta, 93, sitting in their wheelchair, covered their face with both hands and wept silently as Tatsuya placed the flag on their lap.
Strombo said their reaction struck him. They reached out to Yasue's elder sister and gently rubbed them shoulder.
"I was so happy that I returned the flag," Strombo said. "I can see how much the flag meant to them That almost made me cry ... It meant everything in the world to her."
The flag is a treasure that will fill a deep void for Yasue's family. It is the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been found.
The flag's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa, wishing Yasue's safe return. "Good luck forever at the battlefield," a message on it reads. Looking at the names and their handwriting, Tatsuya Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with their brother.
The smell of the flag immediately brought back childhood memories to the soldier's younger brother.
"It smelled like my good old big brother, and it smelled like our mother's home cooking we ate together," Tatsuya Yasue said. "The flag will be our treasure."
The return of the flag brings closure, the 89-year-old farmer and a younger brother of the fallen soldier, told The Associated Press at their 400-year-old house on Monday. "It's like the war has finally ended and my brother can come out of the limbo."
Yasue last saw their older brother alive the day before they left for the South Pacific in 1943. Tatsuya and two siblings had a small send-off picnic for the oldest brother outside their military unit over sushi and Japanese sweet mochi, which became their last meal together. At the end of the meeting, their brother whispered to Tatsuya, asking them to take good care of their parents, as they would be sent to the Pacific islands, harsh battlegrounds where chances of survival were low.
A year later, the wooden box containing the stones arrived. Months after the war ended, the authorities told Yasue that their brother died somewhere in the Marianas presumably on July 18, 1944, the day Saipan fell, at age 25.
"That's all we were told about my brother. We never knew exactly when, where or how they died," they said. Yasue and their relatives wondered Sadao might have died at sea off Saipan. About 20 years ago, Yasue visited Saipan with their younger brother, imagining what their older brother might have gone through.
The only person who can provide some of those answers, Strombo said they found Yasue's body on the outskirts of Garapan when they got lost and ended up near the Japanese frontline. They told Yasue's siblings their brother likely died of a concussion from a mortar round. They told them that Sadao was lying on the ground, their leftside down, looking peacefully as if they were sleeping and without severe wounds.
At least the flag and their story suggest Yasue died on the ground, which also raises hopes of retrieving theirs remains.
The remains of nearly half of 2.4 million Japanese war-dead overseas have yet to be found 72 years after the World War II ended. It's a pressing issue as the bereaved families reach old age and memories fade.
Allied troops frequently took the flags from the bodies of their enemies as souvenirs, as Japanese flags were quite popular and fetched good price when auctioned, Strombo said. But to the Japanese bereaved families, they have a much deeper meaning, especially those, like Yasue, who never learned how their loved ones died and never received remains. Japanese government has requested auction sites to stop trading wartime signed flags.
Strombo said Tuesday that they originally wanted the flag as a souvenir from the war, but felt guilty just taking it, and that's why they never sold it and committed themselves to a lifelong journey to return the flag to its real home.
They had the flag hung in a glass-fronted gun cabinet in their home in Montana for years, a topic of conversation for visitors. They were in the battles of Saipan, Tarawa and Tinian, which chipped away at Japan's control of islands in the Pacific and paved the way for U.S. victory.
In 2012, they were connected to an Oregon-based nonprofit Obon Society that helps U.S. veterans and their descendants return Japanese flags to the families of fallen soldiers. The group's research traced it to the tea-growing village of 2,300 people in central Japan by analyzing family names.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Them work can be found at APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
/
In this sound portrait, Chris Wise shares a personal story about one of the first poems they ever wrote, and they read their poem, “The Pilgrim Within.”
Poet, novelist and television host, Chris Wise has published writing in various poetry anthologies and literary magazines, such as Nerve Cowboy, Blue Collar Review and The Road Not Taken. They were a featured poet in The Huffington Post's Video Reading Series. Wise currently serves on the committees of several Houston-area poetry organizations, and they write for and hosts the internet show, The Crawl, on KH-TV.com, which features Texas wineries, distilleries and breweries. Their poetry collection, Thirsty Earth, will be released by Weasel Press in the spring of 2017. A veteran of the US Army, Wise earned an English degree from Texas A&M University and lives in Houston.
This poem is reprinted with permission by the author.
To learn more about this series, go here.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - GoldQuest Mining Corp. (TSX VENTURE: GQC) ( FRANKFURT : M1W) ( BERLIN : M1W) ("GoldQuest" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the appointment of two important members to the management team to assist with the permitting and development of its assets in the Dominican Republic. Georges Boissé has been appointed as Special Advisor to the Company and Robert Crowley has been engaged as the full time Corporate and Social Responsibility (CSR) Manager. These appointments reinforce GoldQuest's commitment to active engagement with the Dominican communities at both a national and local level as it advances the permitting process of the Romero Gold/Copper Project and the regional exploration programs.
Mr. Boissé previously served as Canadian Ambassador to the Dominican Republic from 2012 to 2014. They joined the Canadian Foreign Service in 1991 working in Costa Rica, the Philippines, Poland, Tunisia, Paris, New York, Mexico and the Dominican Republic, and, before their ambassadorial appointment held a number of senior positions including Immigration Manager in Tunis, New York and Mexico. Originally from Rouyn-Noranda, Québec, they are widely recognized as a proponent of responsible mining.
Mr. Crowley is based in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic and has 30 years of international leadership and management experience across 15 Latin American, Caribbean and Central Asian nations. Their experience includes 12 years of large, multi-national project management and strategic planning, financing and planning to international standards for soil and water conservation, biodiversity, protected area management and financing of natural resources. They also have over 15 years' experience in training, managing and motivating teams in developmental themes for Non-governmental organizations and communities, as well as fundraising skills resulting in US$126.5 million bi-lateral and multi-lateral grants, complementing funding of US$100 million national level co-funding. Specifically in the Dominican Republic, they served as Bi-National Project Director of the Artibonite River Basin Management (Dominican Republic-Haiti), United States Agency for International Development (USAID)/ United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) liaison to forestry planning and USDA liaison to the Secretariat of the Presidency. As USAID's Technical Assistance Specialist to the Dominican Republic, they developed national guidelines for agriculture, forestry and watershed management. Much of this work was carried out in the San Juan Valley and environs, where GoldQuest's Romero Project and other exploration concessions are located.
"We are honoured to have attracted such high profile and skilled personnel to enhance our team as we go through the mine permitting processes," commented Bill Fisher, GoldQuest's Executive Chairman. "These appointments allow us to further engage with the Dominican authorities and stakeholders at all levels. Following our recent C$23 million financing (see March 8, 2017 new release), we are building a first-class team charged with the development of the Romero Project and have doubled our drilling efforts in the surrounding district."
Further to the Company's news release dated April 10, 2017, the board has authorized the grant of an additional 230,000 incentive stock options (the "Options") to certain officers and employees of GoldQuest, at an exercise price of C$0.50 per share. The Options are exercisable for a five-year period from the date of grant and will vest as follows: 1/3rd on the 6 month anniversary from the date of the grant; 1/3 on the first anniversary from the date of the grant and the final 1/3rd on the 18 month anniversary from the date of the grant.
The information in this press release has been reviewed and approved by Mr. Jeremy Niemi, P. Geo., Vice President, Exploration of GoldQuest and a Qualified Person for the technical information in this press release under NI 43-101 standards.
About GoldQuest
GoldQuest is a Canadian based mineral exploration company with projects in the Dominican Republic. GoldQuest is traded on the TSX-V under the symbol GQC and in Frankfurt/Berlin with symbol M1W.
GoldQuest is actively exploring the favorable Tireo Formation which hosts the Romero deposit discovered in May 2012. Recently the Company released results from the Pre-feasibility study on the Romero project (see the Company's September 27, 2016 news release).
Forward-looking statements:
Statements contained in this news release that are not historical facts are forward-looking information that involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements in this news release include, the Company's plans and programs for its mineral properties, including the timing of such plans and programs and the merits of the Company's mineral properties. In certain cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "plans", "has proven", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "potential", "goal", "enable", "proposed", "appears", "budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "at least", "intends", "hope", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "should", "might" or "will be taken", "occur" or "be achieved".
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors include, among others, risks and uncertainties inherent in mineral exploration and the estimation of mineral resources and reserves; commodity prices; changes in general economic conditions; market sentiment; currency exchange rates; the Company's ability to continue as a going concern; the Company's ability to raise funds through equity financings; risks related to operations in foreign countries; future prices of metals; failure of equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labor disputes and other risks of the mining industry; delays in obtaining governmental approvals; government regulation of mining operations; environmental risks; title disputes or claims; limitations on insurance coverage and the timing and possible outcome of litigation. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could affect the Company and may cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, do not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All statements are made as of the date of this news release and the Company is under no obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements except as required under applicable securities laws.
Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable, including expectations regarding mineral exploration and development costs; expected trends in mineral prices and currency exchange rates; the accuracy of the Company's current mineral resource estimates; that the Company's activities will be in accordance with the Company's public statements and stated goals; that there will be no material adverse change affecting the Company or its properties; that all required approvals will be obtained and that there will be no significant disruptions affecting the Company or its properties.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
The Director of Medical Imaging with Island Health says the addition of another MRI in Nanaimo, and the opening of the new Comox Valley and Campbell River hospitals will help reduce wait times for patients needing scans.
The province announced last week that it would fund an additional MRI scanner for Nanaimo Regional Hospital. Scott McCarten says the demand for MRI scans continues to grow.
McCarten says the current wait time for most patients is 211 days. They say that's almost two-thirds better than it was at this time last year, but they note there's still more work to do to hit the target wait time of 90 days.
COUNCILLORS can and will have the opportunity to debate whatever reservations they might have about the plans for the Opera Centre site in Limerick city, according to Conn Murray, Limerick City and County Council chief executive.
But, they stressed to councillors at last Thursday's meeting, that opportunity will come as part of the Part 8 planning process now underway. However, they urged councillors not to confuse this with the motion to raise a €170m loan for the work of Limerick 2030, which included more than just the Opera Centre.
What was before the councillors, Mr Murray argued, was something which would bring Limerick to the heights it should be at.
Some councillors however were not entirely convinced and expressed reservations about being asked to raise a loan for the Opera Centre plans.
“Those plans were launched before most councillors had an opportunity to see them,” Cllr Cian Prendiville, Solidarity, said.
Just four councillors had seen them before the launch, they added, and they “would have a bone to pick with those councillors” .
There was a “democratic deficit” regarding Limerick 2030, they argued.
Cllr Seighin O'Ceallaigh SF argued that if Limerick 2030 was “so critical for the entire region” then Limerick 2030 should have shown the councillors some respect. Two days notice of a project of the scale of the Opera Centre was not enough, they argued.
“I don't believe at any stage, the company showed disrespect,” Mr Murray said. “What is being confused here is the planning process,” they added.
The Opera Centre plan was now going through the planning process, they explained, and people, as well as councillors could make submissions. That process belonged to the council and not Limerick 2030.
“It is your decision. You can have time to deliberate over it,” they said.
However, they said, councillors were being asked to seek government approval to raise a loan from European banks and then to loan €170m to Limerick 2030 Strategic Development DAC. This money would be repaid, councillors were told.
Limerick 2030 DAC is 100% owned by the Council and its role, councillors were reminded, is to plan and develop key strategic sites in Limerick. The Hanging Gardens project is one such site and this development, for which €16m was borrowed last year, is now expected to be completed by the middle of next year.
The Opera Centre is envisaged as an “employment campus” providing offices for the Revenue Commissioners as well as retail, cultural and other uses.
Councillors agreed to proceed with raising the loan.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — The husband of a woman killed in a Dillons parking lot is suing the grocery store for negligence.
The Wichita Eagle reports 60-year-old Annette Hedke died in February 2015 after slipping in the parking lot and then struck by a vehicle driven by Dillons employee Christopher Schrader.
Schrader was charged with involuntary manslaughter, driving under the influence and other crimes. They were sentenced to nearly six years in prison.
Sean Brennan, Dennis Hedke's attorney, says it's unclear whether Schrader was working at the time of the accident.
The suit, asking for more than $75,000, says Dillons should have been aware of Schrader's alcohol problem that's shown from a previous felony DUI conviction.
Dillons spokewoman Sheila Lowrie said they could not comment on the suit, but that the company “remains deeply saddened by the tragic death of Mrs. Hedke.”
Last weekend's massacre in Las Vegas is only the latest reminder of the persistent gun violence in the United States. And a new set of statistics on the rates of gun violence not related to conflict underscores just how outsize U.S. rates of gun deaths are compared to those in much of the rest of the world.
Take countries with the top indicators of socioeconomic success — income per person and average education level, for instance. The United States ranks ninth in the world among them, bested only by the likes of Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Iceland, Canada and Finland.
Yet while those countries all also enjoy low rates of gun violence, the U.S. has the 31st highest rate in the world: 3.85 deaths due to gun violence per 100,000 people in 2016. That was eight times higher than the rate in Canada, which had .48 deaths per 100,000 people — and 27 times higher than the one in Denmark, which had .14 deaths per 100,000.
The numbers come from a massive database maintained by the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) that tracks lives lost in every country, in every year, by every possible cause of death. The figures for 2016 were released just last month. As in previous years the data paints a fairly rosy picture for much of the world, with deaths due to gun violence rare even in many countries that are extremely poor — such as Bangladesh and Laos, which saw .16 deaths and .13 deaths respectively per 100,000 people.
Prosperous Asian countries such as Singapore and Japan boast the absolute lowest rates, though the United Kingdom and Germany are in almost as good shape.
"It is a little surprising that a country like ours should have this level of gun violence," says Ali Mokdad, a professor of global health and epidemiology at the IHME. "If you compare us to other well-off countries we really stand out."
To be sure, there are quite a few countries where gun violence is a substantially larger problem than in the United States — particularly in Central America and the Caribbean. Mokdad says a major driver is the large presence of gangs and drug trafficking. "The gangs and drug traffickers fight amongst themselves to get more territory, and they fight the police," says Mokdad. And citizens who are not involved are often caught in the crossfire.
Mokdad said drug trafficking may also be a driving factor in two Asian countries that have unusually large rates of violent gun deaths for their region: the Philippines and Thailand.
With the casualties due to armed conflicts factored out, even in conflict-ridden regions such as the Middle East, the United States rate is worse than all but one country: Iraq.
The U.S. gun violence death rate is also higher than nearly all countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, including many that are among the world's poorest.
One more way to consider this data: The IHME also estimates what it would expect a country's rate of gun violence deaths to be based solely on its socioeconomic status. By that measure, the U.S. should only be seeing .79 deaths per 100,00 people — almost five times less than its actual rate of 3.85 deaths per 100,000.
It's not a SIEM. But it does address SIEM user dissatisfaction by delivering a software platform that combines advanced threat detection with correlated security analytics, auto mitigation capabilities -- and a lot less.
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Cyphort Inc. today unveiled a powerful security analytics platform that empowers enterprise security teams with the prioritized, actionable intelligence required for fast, interactive threat investigation and response to advanced threats. Dubbed the Anti-SIEM, the software solution builds on Cyphort's expertise in advanced threat detection, then adds a sophisticated, scalable analytics engine that ingests, analyzes, and correlates data from Cyphort collectors and other security tools deployed in the network. Consolidated results are presented, along with identity information, as an adjustable timeline view of the complete security incident.
"The Anti-SIEM is the result of extensive research that Cyphort conducted with nearly 1,000 SIEM users from large organizations across the US," said Manoj Leelanivas, CEO and president at Cyphort. "We've used these insights to create the Anti-SIEM. It's everything users want in a SIEM -- and less. Meaning, less cost, noise, complexity, and wasted time."
The multi-pronged research project -- conducted over several months by Cyphort in cooperation with the Ponemon Institute, Osterman Research, and InterQ Research -- revealed specific problem areas where SIEM time, cost, and complexity issues were negatively impacting the productivity of security analysts and incident response teams. The research also provided insight into specific areas where Cyphort technology could be employed, optimized, and extended to restore productivity, accelerate response, and save money in the process.
"The research revealed many of the specific manual tasks required by Tier 1 and Tier 2 responders, who typically begin their work with data generated by the SIEM," explained Frank Jas, CTO of Cyphort. "Understanding their processes and workflows enabled us to develop additional analytics and UI features within the Anti-SIEM to minimize the need for many manual, time-consuming steps."
The Anti-SIEM is a distributed software platform that begins with a focus on threat detection, by ingesting raw data from web, email, and lateral spread traffic, as well as log and event data from a variety of other security tools in the network. All information is fed into its analytics engine, which uses machine learning and behavioral analysis technologies to first identify advanced threats, then correlate all related alerts and log events from other sources, and finally add user/host identify information. The Anti-SIEM then presents analysts with a consolidated timeline view of the entire security incident, showing the threat and all related events over time, as well as progression through the cyber kill chain. The entire process takes as little as 15 seconds.
The scalable architecture of the Anti-SIEM allows organizations to store threat, log, and event data for months or years, and thus easily adjust the timeline view of user/host-based security incidents. The platform further assists incident response teams by offering "one-touch" auto-mitigation capabilities. For example, the Anti-SIEM can automatically create and publish new rules and policies so that in-line devices can block similar threats in the future.
"The introduction of the Anti-SIEM is welcome news to us," said Vladislav Ryaboy, Director of GSOC, Crawford & Company, the world's largest publicly listed independent provider of claims management solutions. "Not just for the threat detection and security value, but also the productivity gains that the analytics engine will provide us. This will definitely reduce the noise level for our existing security team and make them a lot happier."
In delivering the Anti-SIEM, Cyphort is also emphasizing its commitment to deliver "less" of what customers don't want. That includes:
Less cost: The Anti-SIEM saves money in multiple areas, including lower licensing and deployment costs, and measurably higher productivity gains through its analytics engine to automate event processing capabilities. Savings can easily exceed $100,000 annually.
Less noise: Relevant alerts, logs, and event data are now automatically analyzed and consolidated into a single security incident, thus significantly reducing the noise from distracting alerts.
Less complexity: Research revealed that most SIEM deployments require 3 months or more before customers get the value they want. The Anti-SIEM minimizes deployment complexity and reduces time-to-value to just a few days, sometimes even hours.
Less wasted time: By automating the proactive detection, analysis, and consolidation of information related to advanced threats, security teams waste far less time on low-level tasks and can focus on priorities for the organization.
Managing incident response and threat mitigation is difficult and time-consuming, and our research shows that most organizations are not well-prepared to deal with many of the critical aspects of security management," said Michael Osterman, Principal Analyst of Osterman Research. "The Anti-SIEM promises to significantly alter the security management landscape by improving the speed and efficiency of threat detection and response, while simultaneously lowering the costs of these critical processes."
The Anti-SIEM can be deployed with an existing SIEM to improve productivity and strengthen security. Or it can be deployed in place of a SIEM for organizations that want the benefits of a SIEM without the drawbacks. In either case, the Anti-SIEM solution and its components can be purchased a 1- or 3-year software license. Specific pricing depends on customer deployment requirements.
About Cyphort
Cyphort, Inc. is a security software company providing mid- and large-size enterprise customers with innovative security analytics for advanced threat defense. The solution is built with an open architecture that integrates with existing security tools to discover and contain the advanced threats that bypass the first line of security defense in an organization. Based in Santa Clara, California, the company was founded in 2011, is privately-held, and distributes its software through direct sales and channel partners across North America and international markets. Learn more at www.cyphort.com.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — A possible pipe bomb exploded underneath the Port Authority bus terminal in New York City today, sending rush-hour commuters scrambling to evacuate, police sources said.
The explosive possibly detonated in a passageway underneath Port Authority, sources said. Port Authority is a major transportation hub one block from Times Square where buses and trains operate from the west side of Midtown Manhattan.
One suspect is injured and in custody, sources said. The suspect, originally from Bangladesh, has been in the United States for seven years and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said.
Four people suffered injuries, all non-life-threatening, the FDNY said.
The NYPD tweeted about the reported explosion at 7:44 a.m.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal was temporarily closed and subways are bypassing Port Authority and Times Square stations.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident, said White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said they are at the scene.
This is a breaking news story, please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Bella Thorne celebrates new movie with solo rap Thorne sang over a track of their new song “Bitch, I'm Bella Thorne" at the after-party of their new movie "Midnight Sun."
Bella Thorne and crew booted from hotel for smoking pot Wild child Bella Thorne is wreaking havoc on the Sundance Film Festival.
Rob Lowe slams Bella Thorne over tweet after Santa Barbara mudslides The former Disney star complained about freeway closures amid the ongoing natural disasters.
Bella Thorne says they were molested "The world can be a sick place sometimes," they said.
Leading retail and leisure destination, THE OUTLET in Banbridge will celebrate its tenth anniversary this month.
The OUTLET first opened its doors in April 2007, following 10 years of planning and an investment of over £70 million. Today, The OUTLET employs over 500 full-time and part-time staff, has a wage bill of over £10 million and attracts 1.6 million visitors annually from both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
The shopping complex is home to more than 45 leading brands. 25 of these stores have been there since the scheme first opened including the NIKE Factory Store, GAP OUTLET and L.K. Bennett. 37 members of staff are also celebrating 10 years of employment at THE OUTLET, having worked at the centre since it first opened its doors to the public.
Chris Nelmes, centre manager at The OUTLET, commented on its 10th anniversary: “Over the past decade The OUTLET has become a shopping and leisure destination of choice and our footfall figures show that families keep coming back to shop, eat and have fun.
“We have enjoyed some recent investment in the complex and moving forward we hope to build on this success with further investment to our leisure, food and beverage, and retail offering, ensuring that we continue to attract customers back time and time again.
“A huge part of The OUTLET's success stems from our award-winning customer service and for this I'd like to thank all of the staff, who have shown great dedication and commitment. I'd also like to say thank you to all of the wonderful customers that have visited the shopping complex over the past decade. Here's to the next 10 years.”
The OUTLET is situated directly beside the main A1 Dublin to Belfast.
The Wildcats scored a run in the first inning, four in the second and two in the third as they finished with eight hits. Andrew Franklin homered while Conner Sullivan doubled. Chase Ford and Gabe Jennings each singled twice.
Will Wright pitched six one-hit innings for the win. They walked one and struck out four before Jared Smith worked the seventh, surrendering three runs on as many hits.
Central is scheduled to travel to Lebanon's Brent Foster Field at 7 p.m. Tuesday to begin a two-game District 9-AAA series with the Blue Devils, who will return the visit to WCHS on Wednesday night.
Bears edged by Maryville 5-4
MARYVILLE — Maryville scored all its runs in the fourth through sixth innings Saturday and held off Mt. Juliet 5-4 to wrap up the Scott Dean Memorial Tournament.
The Golden Bears scored three times in the top of the third inning to break a scoreless tie and, after falling behind 5-3, got a run back in the seventh as they fell to 14-7 for the season.
John Dowless pitched 4 1/3 innings to take the loss, allowing four earned runs on six hits. Austin Waller surrendered an unearned run over the final 1 2/3 with four hits.
Mt. Juliet finished with seven hits, including two by John Dyer, who drove in a run with a sacrifice fly. Eric Rice singled and drove in two runs. Cade Hoppe and Aiden Raines doubled.
The Golden Bears will return to District 9-AAA action Tuesday when they travel to Station Camp for a 7 p.m. game before the Bison return the trip to Mt. Juliet 24 hours later.
Watertown edges Gallatin 3-2 in eight
GALLATIN — Seth Price scored the Watertown winner on an eighth-inning Gallatin error as the Purple Tigers prevailed 3-2 Friday night in the Sumner County Invitational.
Price singled to lead off the eighth and moved up on a Bo Whitlock single. An errant pickoff throw to second base was thrown into the third-base dugout, enabling Price to score the winner.
Watertown errors enabled Gallatin to break a scoreless tie in the fourth inning.
Sophomore Heath Price opened the Watertown fifth. Following a Jarred Bradshaw single, Seth Price doubled in both runners.
Five Purple Tiger pitchers allowed five strikeouts and struck out eight. Junior Owen Queen fanned four Green Wave batters.
Bradshaw breaks tie for Tigers in ninth
PORTLAND — Watertown scored four times in the ninth inning to take a 6-2 win at Portland on April 7.
Jarred Bradshaw broke a 2-2 deadlock with a two-run double. They later scored on a bases-loaded walk.
Seth Price doubled twice even as their Purple Tiger teammates struck out 11 times.
But five Tiger pitchers fanned 12, including four by sophomore Tyler Vastola and three by Bradshaw.
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means they have won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that they won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting them enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with their 2014 championship, should allow them to write their own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” they said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how they handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because their front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering their stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering their stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of their way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
By Laura Litvan,Margaret Talev and Steven Dennis, (c) 2017, Bloomberg
Questions about ties between President Donald Trump's team and Russian intelligence agents deepened Wednesday after new reports of extensive contacts between the two, which are sure to fuel Republican calls for a deeper look at Trump's links to the country.
The New York Times reported that Trump campaign aides and associates “had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before” the November 2016 election, citing four current and former U.S. officials the newspaper didn't identify. But it's unclear whether the talks pertained to Trump personally.
The report comes as top Republicans say Congress needs to take a hard look at Trump's ties to Russia after their ousting of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who the administration says may have misled the president and vice president about their communications with a Russian envoy.
“The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred,” Trump said Wednesday morning on Twitter. “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign,” they wrote in another tweet. “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia,” Trump added.
The Trump administration was preparing to replace Flynn as early as last week, a senior administration official said, after a warning from the Justice Department that they may have misled the president and vice president about their conversations.
White House officials spoke with Robert Harward, a potential replacement for Flynn, last week and again on Monday, the official said, requesting anonymity to discuss a personnel issue. Flynn submitted their resignation at Trump's request late Monday.
The White House and official Washington continue to reel from the chaos in Trump's national security council after Flynn's abrupt ouster. An administration official said the FBI interviewed Flynn about their pre-inauguration conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak, after Trump took office. The Department of Justice warned the White House counsel, Don McGahn, on Jan. 26 that Flynn may have misled officials about whether they and Kislyak discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Tuesday.
Trump was briefed “immediately” after McGahn received that warning. But Vice President Mike Pence — who had defended Flynn in a Jan. 15 appearance on CBS's “Face the Nation,” asserting that the national security adviser hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak — didn't learn of the Justice Department's warning until Feb. 9, their spokesperson Marc Lotter said.
Several congressional Republicans called for expanded probes of the administration's relations with Russia and of Moscow's alleged interference in U.S. politics.
“I think there needs to be fulsome investigation on all angles relative to nefarious activities that were taking place with Russia, beginning in March but even going back before that time,” said Sen. Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican and chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Committee. They said Flynn's resignation “heightens” the need for GOP leaders to conduct an expanded probe, although they stopped short of endorsing an independent commission as Democrats have demanded.
Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, both Republicans, also said that more needs to be learned about Flynn's discussions with Kislyak and Russia's involvement in U.S. politics.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in an MSNBC interview that aired Wednesday a select committee was unnecessary. “We know how to do our work. We have an intelligence committee and the judiciary committee — Lindsey Graham's got a subcommittee that's going to take a look at it.”
But Russia's involvement in the U.S. election is “a significant issue,” they said. “We know they were messing around with it. We don't think it had any impact on the outcome. But obviously we're not going to ignore something like that.”
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, meanwhile, called for a look at Mar-a-Lago security, and the Office of Government Ethics said that top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway probably violated ethics rules by promoting Ivanka Trump's clothing line in a television interview inside the White House.
The developments contributed to a sense of an administration back on its heels amid questions about its handling of a range of issues, including high-level diplomatic contacts with Russia and a North Korean missile launch.
Democrats, too, stepped up their attacks, eager to turn the questions from Flynn to Trump himself, over what they knew and when about their national security adviser's contacts with the Russians.
Spicer defended the administration's actions, saying that Flynn hadn't violated any laws.
“The issue pure and simple came down to a matter of trust,” Spicer said at a news briefing Tuesday. “That's why the president asked for their resignation, and they got it.”
But the timeline leading up to Flynn's departure is muddy.
Spicer said the White House had been “reviewing and evaluating” Flynn's situation “for a few weeks trying to ascertain the truth,” the first time the administration had made any such admission. Trump told reporters on board Air Force One on Friday that they were unaware of a Washington Post report that the Department of Justice had warned the White House about Flynn's contacts with Kislyak and that they would “look into that.”
And Trump's public surrogates, led by their counselor, Conway, have repeatedly maintained since last week that Flynn retained the president's confidence.
The Justice Department informed the White House last month that Flynn had discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian envoy and misled officials about the conversation, according to a U.S. law enforcement official with knowledge of the matter. That warning was delivered to the White House counsel's office by Sally Yates, the acting attorney general, the official said.
Spicer questioned why the Justice Department waited to provide the information 11 days after Pence's televised defense of Flynn. “Where was the Department of Justice?” Spicer said.
Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30 after they said they wouldn't defend their executive order barring entry to the U.S. by people from seven predominantly Muslim nations.
Pence learned of the Justice Department's warning “based on media accounts,” Lotter said. It isn't clear on what day last week that White House officials first spoke to Harward about potentially replacing Flynn.
Pence has “tremendous respect” both for Flynn's decision to resign and Trump's decision to accept the resignation, and the vice president is “grateful” for Flynn's service, Lotter said.
Harward is a retired Navy vice admiral who once served under Defense Secretary James Mattis at U.S. Central Command.
A number of other Republicans, including the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, are still downplaying the need to investigate Flynn and said any probe should instead be focused on news leaks about Flynn's phone call.
Rep. Devin Nunes, a California Republican, said the leaks are “absolutely” the most troubling part of the episode, adding, “We want to get to the bottom of it.”
But McCain said in a statement that Flynn's White House exit “raises further questions about the Trump administration's intentions toward Vladimir Putin's Russia, including statements by the president suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia despite its invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, threats to our NATO allies, and attempted interference in American elections.”
Graham told CNN Tuesday that questions remain about whether anyone else in the White House knew about Flynn's conversation with Russia's ambassador shortly after President Barack Obama announced a series of sanctions against Russia prior to Trump's inauguration. Flynn, in their resignation letter, said they had “inadvertently” misinformed Pence and Trump about discussing sanctions during their talk with the official.
“I think most Americans have a right to know whether or not this was a General Flynn rogue maneuver or was they basically speaking for somebody else in the White House,” Graham said. They said lawmakers should have access to transcripts of Flynn's conversations with Kislyak.
Michael Bahar, Minority Staff Director and general counsel for the House Select Intelligence Committee, told reporters in San Francisco Tuesday that Flynn's resignation will impact the committee's investigation already under way on Russian interference in the elections.
“That leads to a whole series of future questions,” they said. “Why cover it up? Why not just say if it was perfectly fine ‘hey, I spoke to the Russians, this was part of an incoming transition, this is what we do, we talk to foreign diplomats'? Why not say that? What was the point of covering it up? That's what we need to get to.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said the intelligence panel is already looking at questions of Russian involvement in the U.S. election and added that it's “highly likely that they would want to look at this episode as well.”
House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah rejected the idea of an independent investigation or a probe by their panel. “That situation is taking care of itself,” they told reporters.
Chaffetz also released a letter asking White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to tell the committee whether Trump and other officials viewed or discussed any classified information while hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the dining room of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida Saturday night following news of a missile launch by North Korea.
Some members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus said intelligence agencies should provide the facts to the relevant committees to decide whether there should be an investigation of Flynn's conversations with Russian officials. They stopped short of criticizing Flynn's actions and said there needs to be a better understanding of the extent to which sanctions were actually discussed.
“If it is impactful, if it goes beyond the scope of what I imagine the Intelligence chairperson thinks that it should, I suspect there's going to be a look-see,” Scott Perry of Pennsylvania said. “But I also get the impression that it was the Russian ambassador that brought up sanctions and that Flynn just acknowledged it and moved on.”
Democrats in both chambers said the matter underscores the need for a broader investigation of Russia's activities that would be akin to the outside bipartisan commission that examined the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington.
“If the speaker is unwilling to support a full congressional investigation, then they should get out of the way and allow an independent commission to look into the matter,” Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement. “Russia is a large and growing threat to the United States and liberal democracy around the world.”
So far, GOP leaders have said that the Senate Intelligence Committee will continue to lead the main probe into any contacts between presidential campaigns and Russian officials. The panel announced its probe weeks ago, backed by subpoena power. Panel Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, said Tuesday that the panel will conduct “active oversight” on the Flynn issue and that he's inquiring about any transcripts of Flynn's conversations.
“I can't verify the facts in the stories but I'll go where intelligence and the agencies lead us,” Burr said.
Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt, a Republican who sits on the panel, said “it's likely” that Flynn will be asked to testify before it.
—
Bloomberg's Billy House Anna Edgerton Sahil Kapur and Laura Curtis contributed.
A gunman opened fire on a Congressional baseball practice early Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia. Five people, including the shooter, were shot during the attack. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among those shot. NBC News sources identified the shooter as James T. Hodgkinson. They were shot by Capitol police and later died of their injuries, President Trump told the nation from the White House.
Rep. Steven Scalise, wounded in the hip Wednesday morning while at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, became the first representative to be shot since former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was struck in the head while meeting with constituents six years ago.
But if Giffords and their husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, have devoted the years since their shooting to tightening gun control laws, Scalise is unlikely to follow the same path, based on their record.  They are a longtime pro-gun politician who describes themselves as a strong supporter of the Second Amendment and they have an A+ rating from the National Rifle Association.
The country's bitter divide between proponents and opponents of stronger gun control measures surfaced immediately after the shooting as lawmakers and others decried the nasty political climate — epitomized by comedian Kathy Griffin posing in a photo with what looked like Donald Trump's severed head — and the increased threats they faced. Scalise, as part of the House leadership, was accompanied to the practice by an armed detail from the Capitol police.
“Had they not been there, it would have been a massacre,” Sen. Rand Paul, the Republican from Kentucky, told MSNBC.
The attack saw lawmakers and others scrambling from bullets at a northern Virginia park. Republican Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio, a pediatric surgeon who served in the Army in Iraq and who treated Scalise on the field, tweeted, “You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did.”
Congress came together afterward in a bipartisan show of solidarity.
“An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said afterward to applause from their colleagues, Republicans and Democrats.
And Republican Rep. Richard Hudson asked Americans to think about what had happened to political discourse in the country.
“The expressed hatred, the vitriol – often expressed behind the safety of a keyboard – and the inability to listen to and respect someone with a different point of view has become the new normal,” they said. “It has to stop. We have to remember we are Americans first.”
But on social media and elsewhere, people immediately began staking out partisan positions on gun control. As in the past, some conservatives criticized any mention of gun legislation too close to the shooting, with the Daily Caller publishing an article titled “Steve Scalise Was Still Bleeding, And Liberals Were Calling For Gun Control.”
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican who used their belt as a tourniquet on Scalise, was asked by a reporter at a local ABC station whether the shooting had changed their mind on the guns in the United States.
“Not with respect to the Second Amendment,” they responded. “The Second Amendment right to bear arms is to ensure that we always have a republic. And as with any constitutional provision in the Bill of Rights, there are adverse aspects to each of those rights that we enjoy as people. And what we just saw here is one of the bad side effects of someone not exercising those rights properly.”
A member of congress from western New York, Republican Rep. Chris Collins, told Buffalo television station WKVW-TF that they would carry a firearm when they were out. Collins has a concealed carry permit.
“On a rare occasion, I would have my gun in a glove box or something,” Collins told the television station. “But it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward.”
On the other side of the debate, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in response to a question at a news conference called for background checks and shutting down loopholes for sales at gun shows.
“That's not for today's discussion,” the Democrat said, but added, “it's not just about politicians. We worry about this every day for all of our citizens.”
McAuliffe noted that a Virginia state police special agent, a father of three, had been shot to death, on Friday night during a vehicle stop in Richmond,
“I talk about this every single day,” McAuliffe said. “This is a very serious issue.”
Even as the country focused on the wounded lawmakers, a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco left four dead, including the assailant.
After news emerged that Scalise had been shot, Giffords issued this statement: “My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day.”
The former member of congress from Arizona, who was a Republican but now describes themselves as a moderate Democrat, underwent a long and intensive rehabilitation after a bullet went through their brain. Six of the victims shot with them died and their assailant, Jared Loughner, was sentenced to life in prison.
On MSNBC, Giffords' husband, with whom they founded the non-profit Americans for Responsible Solutions, said their thoughts immediately went to moment they learned their wife had been shot.
“Things like this are an assault on our democracy,” they said. “Unfortunately, it's a dangerous country we live in but there are things we can do to try and make it a safer place.”
They and Gifford have worked for expanding the federal background check system, enacting strong laws against gun trafficking, stiffening penalties for straw purchases and investing in funding for research about the causes and impact of gun violence.
Scalise, a conservative Republican from Louisiana, was wounded when James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on the lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old from Belleville, Illinois, was killed in a shootout with law enforcement officers.
Scalise has sponsored or cosponsored bills that would require states to recognize each other's gun permits, allow for the interstate sale of firearms and lift restrictions on firearm possession in the District of Columbia.
“A member of the Congressional Second Amendment Task Force, Congressman Steve Scalise will continue fighting to protect every citizen's Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms,” their website says.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Everything spikes.
Prices of houses and condos across the US surged 6.3% from a year earlier (not seasonally-adjusted), according to the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller National Home Price Index for February, released this morning. The index is now 6.7% above the crazy peak of “Housing Bubble 1” in July 2006 just before the hot air hissed out, and 47% above the bottom of “Housing Bust 1”:
Real estate is local though prices are also impacted by national and global factors — such as monetary policies and offshore investors who consider US housing as an asset class and escape route — as well as by local factors. Together they create local housing bubbles. As local housing bubbles accumulate, even as some housing markets remain in the doldrums, they turn into a national housing bubble, as depicted in the chart above.
The Case-Shiller Index is based on a rolling three-month average; today's release is for December, January, and February. The index, based on “home price sales pairs,” compares the sales price of a house in the current month to the last transaction of the same house years earlier. The index then incorporates other factors and uses algorithms to arrive at a data point. The index was set at 100 for January 2000; so an index value of 200 means prices as figured by the index have doubled.
So here are the most splendid housing bubbles in major metro areas in the US:
Boston:
The Case-Shiller home price index for the Boston metro jumped 0.7% on a monthly basis, to a new record, after two months of increases that followed three declines in a row, that had followed a 22-month surge during which the index defied not only gravity but also normal seasonal variations. The index is up 5.7% from a year ago. During Housing Bubble 1, from January 2000 to October 2005, the index had skyrocketed 82% before dropping. It now tops that crazy peak by 13%:
Seattle:
The Seattle metro index jumped 1.7% on a month-to-month basis to a new record. Late last year, it had experienced the first monthly declines since the end of 2014. But that was just a seasonal blip. The index soared 12.7% from a year ago and is now 23.9% above the peak of Housing Bubble 1 (July 2007):
Denver:
The index for the Denver metro spiked 1.2% on a monthly basis, the 28th consecutive increase, surged 8.4% year-over-year, and is up 48% from the peak in July 2006. What a relentless ascent since 2012:
Dallas-Fort Worth:
The Dallas-Fort Worth metro index rose 0.6% on a monthly basis, its 49th consecutive increase, and 6.4% year-over-year. Since its peak during Housing Bubble 1 in June 2007, the index has surged 44%:
Atlanta:
The Atlanta metro index, after going through a seasonal four-month flat spot, is on the rise again. It ticked up 0.4% on a monthly basis and rose 6.5% from a year ago. It now exceeds the peak of Housing Bubble 1 in July 2007 by 4.3%, having surged 72% since the bottom of Housing Bust 1 in February 2012:
Portland:
The Portland metro index, which had been about flat for five months last year, has now risen three months in a row, to a new record. The index is up 6.7% from a year ago and is up 21% from the peak of Housing Bubble 1 in July 2007. It has ballooned 125% since 2000:
San Francisco Bay Area:
The Case-Shiller home price index for “San Francisco” covers the counties of San Francisco, Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, and San Mateo, a large and diverse area that includes the city of San Francisco, the northern part of Silicon Valley (San Mateo county), part of the East Bay (the counties of Alameda and Contra Costa) and part of the North Bay (Marin county). The index surged 1% on a monthly basis and 10.1% year-over-year. It's up 33.4% from the crazy peak of Housing Bubble 1, 93% from the end of Housing Bust 1, and 156% since 2000:
Los Angeles:
The Los Angeles metro index accomplished a major feat: it set a new record for the first time since July 2006. It jumped 1% for the month and 8.3% from a year ago. During LA's Housing Bubble 1, home prices surged 174% between January 2000 and July 2006. The the subsequent crash was nearly as steep. The index now exceeds for the first time the peak of the housing insanity in 2006. The chart for neighboring San Diego looks nearly identical, though the absolute numbers of the index are a little lower.
New York City Condos:
Case-Shiller's index for condos in New York City rose nearly 1% month-to-month and is up 3% from a year ago. From 2000 to February 2006, it soared 131%, and then declined. But QE kicked in, and so did the bonuses on Wall Street, and global investors arrived too. By 2012, the condo market was rising again. The index is 19% above the prior peak, having surged 175% in 17 years:
Did the individual houses and condos underlying the charts above get bigger or nicer than their prices surged? Nope. They got older. That's all. This type of home price inflation is a monetary phenomenon where the dollar loses its purchasing power with regards to homes, which had been the Fed's well-communicated plan since late 2008. Since there has been little wage inflation, the value of labor, denominated in those dollars, has been crushed with regards to housing. Hence the current “affordability crisis,” or as it's now called in many cities, “housing crisis.” Asset price inflation is a free lunch only for some. The others pay for it.
And if this doesn't suit the millennials, who're now entering the housing market for the first time, they can go to the Fed and complain. Read… This is How First-Time Buyers Get Squeezed by Rampant Home Price Inflation
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Senate President Bukola Saraki, House of Representatives Speaker. Yakubu Dogara, Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, various state governors, Royal fathers and other dignitaries graced the wedding fatiha of Aisha, daughter of Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal on Saturday, December 31. More photos after the cut…
At least 10 people have died after a man drove a white rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in Canada's biggest city Toronto on Monday, in what police dubbed a "deliberate" attack.
Police identified the van driver as 25-year-old Alek Minassian, who lives in a Toronto suburb and has no police record.
Police said they hoped interrogating them would reveal the motive of the attack which took place at lunchtime.
At the time of their arrest they were holding an object in their left hand as police squared off with him, according to photos seen on social media.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told journalists that 15 people remained in hospitals throughout the city adding that local, provincial and federal investigators were probing the case.
Alex Shaker, who witnessed the scene from their car told local media that the van rammed into anything in its way, both people and objects.
"He was going really fast," they told CTV television. "All I could see was just people one by one getting knocked out, knocked out, one by one," Shaker said. "There are so many people lying down on the streets."
Ministers meeting
The incident occurred as Toronto was hosting foreign and public security ministers from the G7 nations - Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.
Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the G7 meeting would continue as planned into Tuesday.
Ralph Goodale, the minister of public security, told the press shortly after the incident that "on the basis of all available information at the present time, there would appear to be no national security connection to this particular incident".
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau paid tribute to the victims saying the "tragic and senseless attack" had brought them "great sadness".
Vehicle attacks have been carried out to deadly effect in a number of cities aroiund the world, including London, Paris, New York and Nice.
For close to 50 years, Tower of Power has been creating their own kind of soul music. Since 1968, Tower of Power has delivered their unique brand of music to their f ans, appearing before sold-out crowds as they tour the world each year. Tower's sound can be hard to categorize, but the band's leader and founding member, Emilio Castillo, has labeled their sound as “Urban Soul Music.”
Tower's rhythm section lays down a groove like no other band. The band's horn driven sound is unique, and the way they approach everything, from writing and arranging to mixing and performing, is totally their own. Combine all of that with an outstanding lead vocalist and you have one of the most dynamic groups of musicians to ever hit the stage.
Tower of Power will perform this Thursday at 7:30 p.m. inside McCain Auditorium. McCain box office open weekdays 11:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; 90 minutes before show.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An initiative to drive trade between Greater Birmingham and the Commonwealth has been launched.
Greater Birmingham Commonwealth Chamber of Commerce is now the tenth division of the group of chambers and will offer membership-based services to businesses which wish to reach and develop markets in Commonwealth countries.
The chamber said it believed these countries represented a largely untapped market and one which had been overshadowed by the UK's relationship with the European Union.
Currently, the EU accounts for 44 per cent of all UK exports whereas the Commonwealth countries only make up nine per cent of export output.
The chamber said the new initiative would help its members develop trade links with the Commonwealth and there would be a major events programme focusing on knowledge transfer and trading opportunities.
The body will also promote local businesses to Commonwealth countries through its connections with overseas high commissions and consulates in the UK, British diplomatic posts overseas and British Chambers of Commerce overseas.
Chief executive Paul Faulkner said: "The launch of the Greater Birmingham Commonwealth Chamber of Commerce builds on all of the great international activity we do at present.
"Through our International Business Hub, our European programmes, the British American Business Council Midlands Chapter and our Department for International Trade contract, we already have tremendous knowledge and experience in this field.
"Birmingham's bid to host the Commonwealth Games in 2022 has shone a light on the strong links which already exist between the city and the Commonwealth.
"Developing trade links with Commonwealth countries has never been more important as the UK prepares to leave the European Union."
Chief operating officer Russell Jeans said the establishment of the Commonwealth Chamber was a natural step, given its history of delivering international programmes over several decades.
Recent examples of the Chamber's work with Commonwealth countries include supporting a Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce event in Birmingham while Mr Faulkner joined West Midlands Mayor Andy Street on a trade mission to Toronto.
Furthermore, the Department for International Trade team at the chamber is supporting a Midlands Engine visit to the Auto Expo Components event in India in February.
Mr Jeans added: "The Chamber has a distinguished history in delivery of programmes all over the world - a lot of which have been in Commonwealth countries.
"This new chamber puts a membership wrapper around elements of our expert knowledge and international connectivity."
President Donald Trump has begun directly attacking Robert Mueller, the special counsel whose investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign has spilled over to Trump's associates and perhaps the president himself. The White House says Trump isn't considering firing Mueller, but Trump tried to do exactly that last year, according to news reports. A special counsel -- a lawyer from outside of government named by the Justice Department to take over a sensitive investigation -- enjoys a degree of independence and autonomy, but isn't untouchable.
1. Could Trump fire Mueller?
Not directly. Special counsels answer to the Justice Department official who appoints them. Usually that means the attorney general. In Mueller's case, it's the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein. That's because Attorney General Jeff Sessions, having advised and supported Trump's 2016 campaign, recused themselves from overseeing the inquiry.
2. So only Rosenstein can fire Mueller?
Technically correct, and only upon finding “misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest" or "other good cause.” Rosenstein has said, as recently as Dec. 13, that they see no such reason to dismiss Mueller. Hypothetically, Trump could order Rosenstein to fire Mueller, then fire Rosenstein if they refuse, then repeat the order to the official who steps in for Rosenstein.
3. Who would that be?
For most of Trump's presidency the answer was Rachel Brand, the associate attorney general. But they resigned in February to take the top legal job at Walmart; they denied a report that they departed in part because they didn't want to be forced to oversee the Russia probe. Until a new associate attorney general is named and confirmed by the Senate, the next in line to fill Rostenstein's role is the solicitor general, Noel J. Francisco.
4. What if he, too, declined to dismiss Mueller?
Trump could fire them as well and repeat the process through the line of succession until someone does as they say. This is largely what happened in the " Saturday Night Massacre" of 1973, when President Richard Nixon ordered three Justice Department officials to fire the Watergate special prosecutor until one finally agreed.
5. Does Trump have any other options?
There are ways they could defang the Russia probe short of getting Mueller fired. For instance, under the 1999 rules that guide special counsels, Rosenstein -- or their successor in overseeing Mueller's work -- could reel in the investigation by finding one of more of its strategies or techniques "so inappropriate or unwarranted under established departmental practices that it should not be pursued." In another scenario, Trump could fire Sessions, with the expectation that Sessions's successor would seize control of the case from Rosenstein -- and fire Mueller. Or Trump could order the repeal of the special-counsel regulations, then fire Mueller himself.
6. Would firing Mueller end the Russia investigation?
Not necessarily. The investigation predated Mueller's appointment as special counsel and already has some prosecutions underway. If Mueller were to be dismissed, much would depend on their successor.
7. Is anyone trying to protect Mueller?
Yes, but without much legislative progress. Senators have proposed two bills that would empower a panel of judges to have the final say on whether proper cause exists to fire a special counsel. Both bills have raised constitutional questions, and both face an uphill battle just to get to the Senate floor for a vote.
8. What would happen if Mueller were fired?
They could sue to challenge the grounds for their dismissal. Beyond that, much of the fallout would depend on Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress, who hold majorities in the House and the Senate. Democrats could be expected to express their outrage by offering proposals to reinstate Mueller and to remove Trump as president, on grounds that they had obstructed justice. But Democrats couldn't accomplish that on their own. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham warned that if Trump tries to fire Mueller, "it would be the end of their presidency." But some other Republicans are far more critical of the Russia probe -- which they say was tainted early on by anti-Trump bias -- than they are protective of Mueller.
9. Could Trump be impeached for firing Mueller?
Since removing a president is a political process, not a legal one, that question is up to Congress, and the political calculus may change if Democrats gain control of one or both houses in the November midterm elections. The Constitution says the president (and vice president and judges and members of the cabinet) "shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors." The key phrase "high crimes and misdemeanors" has been defined by Congress through the years to include exceeding or abusing the powers of the presidency or misusing the office for improper purpose or gain.
The Reference Shelf
Bloomberg View senior executive editor David Shipley presents an editorial arguing that governments, educators and employers need to make lasting investments in adult students. This editorial aired on Bloomberg Radio.
Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE
An international conference on the Basque peace process is to be held in south-west France on 4 May, a mediators' group announced. The Eta armed separatist group is due to officially disband during the first two weeks of May.
The meeting is "essential to advance the final peace process", Raymond Kendall, an expert with the International Contact Group, said in the French city of Bayonne on Monday.
Kendall is a former head of the French-based international police network Interpol.
The meeting will take place in the Villa Arnage, built by Cyrano de Bergerac author Edmond Rostand in Cambo-les-Bains in the French Basque Country.
Eta, which was founded in 1959 to fight for the independence of the Basque Country and Navarre, renounced armed action in 2011.
In April last year it revealed the location of eight arms dumps in south-west France to the French authorities, a move that was welcomed by Paris but judged insufficient by Madrid.
Apology to victims
Last Friday it issued an apology to victims who were not involved in the 43-year conflict.
The right-wing government of Mariano Rajoy has refused to negotiate with Eta but hailed a victory for the "rule of law" after the apology.
Eta is blamed for the deaths of 829 people and some of its members were victims of extrajudicial killings and torture.
About 300 of its members are in prison in France, Spain and Portugal and up to 100 are on the run, according to a prisoners' support group.
It is expected to officially disband on the weekend of 5-6 May.
An undated picture of a driver preparing to fill their vehicle's gas tank. (File/FOX5)
Gasoline prices in the Las Vegas area have gone up in the past week.
GasBuddy.com reports the average retail price of a gallon of gas in the area has increased almost 6 cents in the past week, to an average of $2.82. That's according to a survey of 649 gas outlets.
Gas prices in Las Vegas Sunday were 21 cents a gallon higher than a year ago and about 7 cents more than a month ago.
GasBuddy.com senior petroleum analyst Patrick DeHaan says seasonal factors continue to affect gas prices. They say gas prices nationwide this spring will be between 10 percent and 25 percent higher than a year ago.
The national average has increased about 3 cents per gallon in the past week, to $2.54.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi (Photo Credit: PA Images/Sipa USA)
How often does anyone get a gorilla conservation center named after them? That's exactly what Ellen DeGeneres got as a present from their wife Portia de Rossi.
DeGeneres, a long time admirer of wildlife conservationist and Gorillas In The Mist author, Dian Fossey, was in tears when de Rossi made a surprise appearance on their show to celebrate DeGeneres' 60th birthday.
de Rossi said a donation to the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund would build a campus in DeGeneres' name in Rwanda. The Ellen DeGeneres Campus of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund will help the organization further their work that began with Fossey back in the 70's.
“Ellen, you will carry on Dian's legacy by giving them a permanent home in Rwanda,” de Rossi said. “Now, you will join Dian as a protector and champion of these amazing animals, the mountain gorillas. Happy birthday!”
Watch the heartwarming clip, here…
In a statement on Thursday, DeGeneres said they are “beyond excited” with the chance to work with an organization they have much praise for and that their wife knew exactly the “right gift to give” to them
In 2009, DeGeneres was named “Woman of the Year” by the Ethical Treatment of Animals for their years of work as an animal-rights activist.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Channel 4 has named Birmingham as one of its candidates to become the broadcaster's new headquarters.
Birmingham and Coventry made it to the shortlist of potential new homes for the national broadcaster.
It means the West Midlands proceeds to the next stage of the contest to choose the site of Channel 4's planned National HQ.
West Midlands Mayor Andy Street said: “This was the first hurdle we needed to overcome in order to secure the new national HQ for Channel 4 and now we can focus on enhancing our bid further"
The West Midlands bid included both Coventry and Birmingham as potential sites. The region's leaders, including Mr Street, will make a presentation to Channel 4 managers in June, and the broadcaster's final decision will be announced in October.
But the West Midlands faces stiff competition, with Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Greater Manchester, Leeds and Liverpool also on the shortlist.
Channel 4 is to open a “national headquarters” to operate alongside its existing headquarters in London, and two smaller hubs.
If the West Midlands fails in its bid to host the headquarters then it could potentially host one of the hubs instead.
Channel 4 says 300 jobs will be moved out of London. The national headquarters will include a state-of-the-art studio that will be used to produce Channel 4 programmes and events as well as live broadcasts.
There will also be a new digital production unit to create short digital content targeted at young audiences.
Channel 4 News also plans to co-anchor from outside its existing London studio every night, opening a newsroom in a city outside London.
And the broadcaster will increase the amount it spends commissioning programmes made outside London by £250m.
This is expected to support up to 3,000 additional production jobs.
The West Midlands Combined Authority (WMCA), which is chaired by the Mayor, drew up a bid focusing on potential sites in Birmingham and Coventry, highlighting the strengths of the West Midlands under the slogan of "Get Closer".
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Mr Street said: "Both Birmingham and Coventry offer powerful arguments to Channel 4 in terms of location, talent and the youth and diversity of the population and I am pleased this has been recognised.
"Now the hard work really starts as we begin negotiations in earnest to develop the most compelling case possible to the broadcaster.”
Ian Ward, leader of Birmingham City Council, said: "We welcome the news that Birmingham's bid to become the new home of Channel 4 has been shortlisted.
"Birmingham is a perfect fit for this move and we look forward to working with Channel 4 to showcase in even greater detail what we have to offer here in the heart of the UK.
"We have the digital skills, creative talent and energy needed to make the move a huge success and, with one of the youngest and most diverse populations in Europe, Birmingham is the natural choice for Channel 4."
Cities that were shortlisted will make a presentation to Channel 4 managers in June.
A decision on the site of the new national headquarters, and the two smaller "hubs", is expected on October 1.
All the cities shortlisted to host the HQ could potentially host a hub instead.
And Brighton, Newcastle & Gateshead, Belfast, Nottingham, Sheffield and Stoke-on-Trent have also been shortlisted as potential hub locations - but they are not in the running to become Channel 4's National HQ.
Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight and Citzen's Khan star Adil Ray have backed the West Midlands bid, which is supported by the region's arts and cultural organisations, local authorities and MPs.
At Shade Tree shelters some very deserving mothers were treated to a hearty meal on Mother's Day.
“I think it's a blessing,” Ashley Combust said. “Not many people are kind-hearted like that.”
The shelter takes in women and their children, trying to escape abuse. Leading up to Mother's Day, Shade Tree surprised two moms with brand-new cars. And valley kids went shopping with volunteers to put together gift bags for their moms.
“Some of them got perfume, earrings. Some people got clothes, all that,” Kathy Hunt said.
The delicious dinner was made possible by Highway to Hope Ministry. Volunteers made sure the moms knew their hard work doesn't go unnoticed.
“These women have devoted their lives to their families,” Robert Carmona said. “They've sacrificed; obviously, they've sacrificed physically or emotionally in their households.”
And over at Sunrise Hospital, a baby was born, just in time for Mother's Day.
“I enjoy it,” new mom Quincy Williams said. “I can just stare at them for hours. He's mine.”
The baby already has a unique story. The baby shares the same first name as their mom and dad: Quincy.
The proud parents said it's a very special name for a very special boy.
“He's already a gift,” Williams said. “He's my miracle child so I'm just excited to be here, presents or no presents. He's our present.”
Mom Quincy suffered four miscarriages before baby Quincy came along.
So this is a Mother's day for the whole family to remember.
“You have a bad day, look at your kid,” dad Quincy Rich said. “He makes you go for it.”
The family said they do not plan to name their next child Quincy.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Manufacturing Day (MFG DAY) is a celebration of modern manufacturing meant to inspire the next generation of manufacturers. MFG DAY occurs on the first Friday in October — this year it is on Oct 6, 2017.
The International Dairy Foods Association (IDFA) said it is taking to social media Friday, Oct. 6, to celebrate dairy product manufacturing's positive impact on the U.S. economy during MFG DAY and is inviting members to join the celebration. MFG DAY garners hundreds of thousands of participants every year and provides an opportunity for IDFA and member companies to underscore the vital role of dairy manufacturers in the United States economy.
IDFA, an official endorser of MFG DAY, said it will engage its social audience of nearly 8,000 users on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram with positive messages, facts and images illustrating the important work of dairy manufacturing companies. Members can search @dairyidfa on all three platforms for IDFA posts to share. The event's hashtag is #MFGDAY17.
Members also can use IDFA's economic impact tool to find data illustrating how they contribute to the economic vitality of their communities and then share it on their social media accounts. The tool generates sharable reports that measure the overall economic impact, direct jobs and wages of dairy product manufacturers.
Learn more about National Manufacturing Day at MFGDAY.com.
