Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Pick 3' game
MADISON, Wis. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Wisconsin Lottery's "Daily Pick 3" game were:
4-3-5
(four, three, five)
¶ Maximum prize: $500
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A 16-year-old boy killed in a hit-and-run crash in Tierrasanta was publicly identified Monday.
Alex Michael Funk was fatally struck by a black four-door car traveling at a high rate of speed while walking with another teen next to the median on the southbound side of Santo Road near Antigua Boulevard around 11:50 p.m. Thursday, according to San Diego police and the county Medical Examiner's
Office. The Serra High School student died at the scene from multiple blunt force injuries.
Their companion was able to jump onto the median to avoid being hit, police said.
Related Link: Teenager walking along Tierrasanta killed in hit-and-run
The victim was born in Sacramento and moved to San Diego with their family last year, according to an online obituary.
Anyone with information on the crash was asked to call Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477.
"He enjoyed spending time with their dog T2, riding their bike and scooter, creating poetry and music, drawing, and joking during ‘family nights,'" the obituary said. "Alex's light was bright, a beckon to many."
A celebration of life service will be held for Alex at Good Samaritan Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall, at 11 a.m. March 25.
According to the funeral services website, the family asks that instead of flowers, guests bring plants such as lavender, citrus, roses, and rosemary to complete the “smells like home (Sacramento) garden” they had been working on with their mother.
Dive Brief:
In a new Berkeley IGS/EdSource poll of registered voters, California residents say that creating a safe and positive school environment is more important than standardized test scores, Ed Source reports.
Voters were concerned primarily about bullying and cyberbullying, though they also felt more school resources should be directed to addressing the needs of homeless children and families threatened with deportation
Most voters (57%) support the state's current “multiple measure” approach to evaluating schools, which de-emphasizes test scores in favor of other measures ,such as graduation rates, safety and school discipline.
Dive Insight:
In many education circles, success is primarily measured by standardized achievement test scores, whether they be national or state assessments. The fate of students, teachers, administrators, schools and school districts often rise and fall by this measure, and producing good test results often becomes the end game of education.
However, in the wider societal context, this poll indicates that tests scores are not the most important consideration for many parents or voters. Though parts of this poll are more specific to California — the immigration question, for instance — the overall priorities for schools ring true across the nation. Earlier polls, for instance, reveal that concerns over school environment and safety are the main reasons parents leave public education for private schools or for homeschooling. Since bullying and cyberbullying now impact about 25% of students, this seems a valid concern.
Achievement test scores have their place in measuring academic success because they provide numerical data that is easy to compare. However, achievement tests do not tell the whole story when it comes to student success or teacher effectiveness. Studies show that grit—a combination of passion and perseverance—may be the stronger indicator of student success. Perhaps quantifying the “grit factor” for students and teachers could provide a better measure in the future.
Vancouver performer Bonnie Kilroe is bringing their musical comedy impersonation show, Divas: Vegas meets Vaudeville, to Blind Bay on Oct. 13.
Fresh from Orlando, Florida at the Sunburst convention for Professional Celebrity Impersonators, Kilroe was inducted into the Hall of Fame for most unique act as well as an award for Gold showcase judged by local agents.
 They are “A ‘Farce' to be Reckoned With!” they said. “The vocals of Streisand, the comedy of Lucy…with the charisma of Marilyn!”
The show combines vaudevillian comedy with singing and spectacular costumes, creating a powerful parade of fun and parody.
Vegas meets Vaudeville is a 100-minute musical comedy celebrity impersonation show featuring 20 iconic singers, actores and entertainers from the past – Mae West, Marilyn Monroe, through legends with timeless appeal – Cher, Dolly Parton, Barbra Streisand, Madonna, Reba McEntire, Tina Turner, to stars of the present – Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Shakira, among others.
It's a visually exciting show with full costume/wig changes. Prepare to laugh and maybe even join Kilroe on stage throughout the show!
Kilroe has performed Divas to audiences all over the world over the last 15 years, from small fundraisers in towns across Canada, to large theatre shows and casinos throughout North America and as a guest entertainer on cruise ships on most of the world's seas.
This show won several awards in 2015/2016 and now 2017 for Most Unique Act, Best Comedy, Best Costume, Best Showcase and an Award of Excellence from the Las Vegas Reel Awards and The Sunburst Convention for Professional Celebrity Impersonators in Orlando.
The show takes place at 7 p.m. Friday, Oct. 13. Doors open at 6. Tickets at $35 are available at the Shuswap Lake Estates main office.
@SalmonArm
barbbrouwer@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
KANSAS CITY –A Kansas City woman pleaded guilty in federal court Monday to their role in a marriage fraud conspiracy after participating in a wedding sting operation staged by federal agents, according to Tom Larson, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
Stephanie Harris, 22, of Kansas City, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Gary A. Fenner to the charges contained in an Aug. 31, 2016, federal indictment.
Harris admitted that they participated in a conspiracy to assist African nationals in circumventing immigration laws by arranging fraudulent marriages. Co-defendants Delmar Dixon, 49, Kakeland Barnes, 37, Shakeisha Harrison, 37, and Traci R. Porter, 44, all of Kansas City, also have pleaded guilty to their roles in the marriage fraud conspiracy. In addition to the conspiracy, Dixon pleaded guilty to falsely swearing in an immigration matter.
Dixon admitted that they arranged 30 to 40 fraudulent marriages, including their own. Dixon charged the African nationals $1,000 upfront for their services, which included providing them U.S. citizen spouses. The African nationals were additionally required to pay $500 to the spouse at the time of the wedding, and an additional $500 immediately after completion of the wedding. They were required to pay their spouses $250 each month after the weddings until the immigration process was complete. The African nationals were coached by Dixon on how to make their marriages appear legitimate.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) agents utilized a confidential informant in a pretend ceremony that was staged by ICE-HSI. The confidential informant arranged a meeting with Dixon, paid the required fees, and married Harris, the spouse provided to them by Dixon, in a pretend ceremony staged by ICE-HSI on Nov. 24, 2015. The confidential informant continued to pay the $250 monthly fee to Harris for the fraudulent purported marriage through August 2016.
On a prior occasion, Dixon arranged for a marriage between Harris and a Kenyan national. Although they applied for and received a marriage license, they did not marry.
ICE-HSI also utilized an undercover agent in their investigation. The agent met with Dixon, who introduced the agent to Barnes, their intended spouse, on Jan. 23, 2016. Dixon advised the undercover agent that they and Barnes should rent an apartment in the Kansas City area and obtain life insurance policies together. The undercover agent also spoke alone with Barnes. Barnes told the agent they were involved with another man and had three children. They signified they understood the marriage would be a business transaction. The agent made a payment to Dixon and kept in contact with Dixon regarding their marriage. On February 19, 2016, the undercover agent wired $250 to Barnes and $500 to Dixon. Both retrieved the payments later that day. Dixon also offered the undercover agent $300 for each new client they referred.
Under federal statutes, Harris is subject to a sentence of up to five years in federal prison without parole. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes, as the sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the court based on the advisory sentencing guidelines and other statutory factors. Sentencing hearings will be scheduled after the completion of presentence investigations by the United States Probation Office.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Kim Moore. It was investigated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Fraud Detection and National Security.
HOUSTON Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L) halted the restart of the heavy oil hydrocracking unit (HCU) at its 235,000 barrels per day (bpd) Convent, Louisiana, refinery on Tuesday due to a leak, sources familiar with plant operations said.
A Shell spokesperson said operations were stable on Tuesday at the Convent refinery.
The refinery began restarting the 45,000 bpd hydrocracker, called the H-Oil Unit, over the weekend. Shell was planning to return the unit to operation by the end of this week.
Shell became the sole owner of the Convent refinery on Monday when it and previous refinery co-owner Saudi Aramco divided the assets of their Motiva Enterprises LLC [MOTIV.UL]joint-venture.
Refinery officials decided last week to shelve plans to keep the H-Oil Unit shut for three months to repair cracks in welds seen in X-ray photographs, sources told Reuters. The officials concluded the X-rays had been misread.
The H-Oil unit, which produces motor fuels, primarily diesel, from residual crude oil, has not run at full capacity since an Aug. 11, 2016 fire severely damaged the unit.
The unit has been running at half capacity since late November 2016, following repairs. It was shut on March 3, 2017 ahead of a planned restart at full capacity. A fire broke out on the unit on March 18, 2017 requiring three weeks of repairs.
As the repairs neared completion in early April of this year, the officials decided to delay the unit's restart to repair piping in the main production sections. The repairs were expected to last into July.
The Convent refinery's H-Oil unit is unique because it converts residual crude under high heat and pressure in the presence of hydrogen and a catalyst into motor fuel.
Most refineries send their residual crude to a coking unit to produce motor fuel feedstock and make petroleum coke, a coal substitute.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba; Editing by Bernard Orr)
STOCKHOLM Sweden's prosecution authority said on Monday it had asked a judge to extend the detention in prison of Rakhmat Akilov, the main suspect in Friday's truck attack in Stockholm which killed four and injured 15.
The judge will rule on the request on Tuesday.
Prosecutors had until Tuesday lunchtime to request further detention of the 39-year-old Uzbek or release him.
"An application for a detention order has been made concerning the man who was arrested on Saturday morning suspected on probable cause for terrorist crimes through murder," the prosecution authority said in a statement.
The court application was the first official document naming Akilov.
Court documents also showed Akilov had asked to replace their court-appointed lawyer and that their request had been denied.
(Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom; editing by John Stonestreet)
A Glasshoughton pub is taking Easter to a whole new level this year by offering the nation's favourite Easter chocolate treat in a giant yorkshire pudding.
The Birchwood Farm Farmhouse Inns pub has combined the unusual flavours to create the UK's first giant creme egg yorkshire pudding.
The pub, which is famed for its giant yorkshire puddings, introduced the Easter sharing treat to meet the growing demand for unique and unusual dishes.
Nicola Mitchell, general manager at the Birchwood Farm, said: “Easter is the perfect time to gather the family and feast together for a delicious homely meal – finished off of course, with chocolate! All our cakes at the pub are handmade by our dedicated team so this year we put our cake-a-tier to the test to create something truly egg-stravagant as a special Easter cake, and we've not been disappointed.
“Our giant yorkshire puddings are a firm favourite on our carvery menu, encouraging diners to pack theirs full of succulent meats and seasonal vegetables, so we thought why not combine these with the typical Easter sweet treat, to create something truly egg-cellent!
“Our creme egg yorkshire pudding features two chocolate sponge cakes sandwiched between white and orange fondant, decorated with creme eggs and encased in a giant yorkshire pudding – it's the best of both worlds!”
The creme egg yorkshire pudding is available at the Birchwood Farm until Monday April 2, subject to availability.
The thermometers in New Hampton hit 91 degrees Fahrenheit at 3 p.m. Friday though the heat index said it should feel like 97, and it was going to be even worse on Saturday.
Area residents and visitors flocked to the New Hampton Municipal Pool and Splash Pad in order to beat the heat. There were 497 attendees on Friday.
“The pool's a good way to stay cool,” said Megan Swestka of Protivin while unloading children from the car. “I was waiting all winter for the heat, so I'm not going to complain about it.”
They must have absolutely loved Friday and Saturday then. The high temperature in New Hampton was 92 on Friday and 95 on Saturday, before a storm front moved through the area and dropped temperatures by almost 30 degrees.
— For more on this story, see the July 3 New Hampton Tribune.
Helicopter pilot beaten during French criminal's escape
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 This photo taken on Sunday, July 1, 2018 and provided on Monday, July 2, 2018 by the AP on the condition that its source not be revealed shows an helicopter abandoned by notorious French criminal Redoine Faid after their escape from a prison, in Gonesse, north of Paris, France. Faid serving 25 years for murder made an audacious escape from prison Sunday after a helicopter carrying several heavily armed commandos landed in a courtyard, freed them from a visiting room and carried them away. less This photo taken on Sunday, July 1, 2018 and provided on Monday, July 2, 2018 by the AP on the condition that its source not be revealed shows an helicopter abandoned by notorious French criminal Redoine Faid ... more Photo: AP Image 2 of 4 These two photos combo provided on Monday, July 2, 2018 by the AP on the condition that its source not be revealed shows a police notice with the portraits of notorious French criminal Redoine Faid who is wanted in connection with their escape from the Reau prison in France. Faid serving 25 years for murder made an audacious escape from prison Sunday after a helicopter carrying several heavily armed commandos landed in a courtyard, freed them from a visiting room and carried them away. less This two photos combo provided on Monday, July 2, 2018 by the AP on the condition that its source not be revealed shows a police notice with the portraits of notorious French criminal Redoine Faid who is wanted ... more Photo: AP Image 3 of 4 In this photo dated Nov. 22, 2010, notorious French criminal Redoine Faid poses prior to an interview with French all-news TV channel, LCI, as they were promoting their book, in Boulogne-Billancourt, outside Paris, France. Faid serving 25 years for murder made an audacious escape from prison Sunday after a helicopter carrying several heavily armed commandos landed in a courtyard, freed them from a visiting room and carried them away. (IBO/Sipa via AP) less In this photo dated Nov. 22, 2010, notorious French criminal Redoine Faid poses prior to an interview with French all-news TV channel, LCI, as they were promoting their book, in Boulogne-Billancourt, outside Paris, ... more Photo: IBO, AP Image 4 of 4 Helicopter pilot beaten during French criminal's escape 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
PARIS (AP) — The helicopter pilot who was taken hostage in the escape from prison by one of France's most notorious criminals said the convict's accomplices beat and threatened them during their kidnapping.
Stephane Buy, an experienced pilot and instructor, told RTL radio on Wednesday that two men at a flying club near Paris forced them to take off Sunday at gunpoint.
They knew them because they had previously made a flight with him.
"They told me that I had to comply and do my job well or my family would be in danger, that someone was in front of my home," they said, their voice breaking with emotion.
First, they made them touch down in a field so others on the breakout team could get onboard. At that point, the engine of the old-timer helicopter from the 1960s didn't restart.
Buy said the men hit them on the head and they briefly fell unconscious.
"It was terrible, because I felt helpless in front of that engine, which I had tried to restart five, six times," they said.
The engine finally restarted and they headed to Reau Prison, south of Paris, to hustle convict Redoine Faid to freedom.
The breakout crew made Buy touch down in a tiny area of the courtyard. One member of the team then stayed with them and forced them to wait, hovering about 1 1/2 meters (about 5 feet) above the ground in the prison courtyard.
"It seemed like an eternity," they said. "My fear was that the fuel level was running low ... I didn't know where they would lead me next."
Buy said Faid, the 46-year-old serial robber serving 25 years for murder, remained largely silent during the flight. They said they didn't know who Faid was, even though they are a notorious figure in France who has also written a book on their life of crime.
The men made the pilot head to a suburban town north of Paris where they released them and set fire to the helicopter.
French police have launched a massive manhunt for Faid, who has not been seen since the breakout Sunday.
Buy said they still hope to be able to fly again in the coming days.
The Halton Catholic District School Board has named a new education director.
At a special in-camera (private) meeting on June 28, trustees approved the appointment of Patrick Daly as the board's next director of education and secretary.
Patrick Daly, currently a superintendent of education with the Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board, assumes the role of senior administrator with the Halton Catholic board on Aug. 20.
They replace Paula Dawson.
“Patrick Daly is an accomplished Catholic educator and leader,” Diane Rabenda, Milton trustee and chair of the board, said in a press release.
“The board is incredibly confident that their extensive experience and commitment to student success will provide the ongoing vision, caring and excellence in education to ensure that our schools continue to thrive and serve the needs of our students, our families and our Catholic community.”
Prior to working at the Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic board, Daly served the Halton Catholic board for 25 years.
They were as a high school teacher and department head of Canadian and World Studies at St. Ignatius of Loyola in Oakville and Notre Dame in Burlington. They also are a vice-principal with Loyola and principal of St. Thomas Aquinas S.S. in Oakville and Jean Vanier S.S. in Milton.
“I am excited to be returning to Halton Catholic to work alongside a strong senior administration team and dedicated teaching and support staff,” Daly said in a press release.
“I look forward to our board continuing to excel at providing educational experiences and opportunities to support all learners in safe and welcoming school environments, guided by our Gospel values and the Ontario Catholic School Graduate Expectations.”
A padlock is displayed at the Alert Logic booth during the 2016 Black Hat cyber-security conference in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S. August 3, 2016. REUTERS/David Becker
STOCKHOLM A large-scale cyberattack from a group targeting organisations in Japan, the United States, Sweden and many other European countries through IT services providers has been uncovered, the Swedish computer security watchdog said on Wednesday.
The cyberattack, uncovered through a collaboration by Britain's National Cyber Security Centre, PwC and cybersecurity firm BAE Systems (BAES.L), targeted managed service providers to gain access to their customers' internal networks since at least May 2016 and potentially as early as 2014.
The exact scale of the attack, named Cloud Hopper from an organisation called APT10, is not known but is believed to involve huge amounts of data, Sweden's Civil Contingencies Agency said in a statement. The agency did not say whether the cyberattacks were still happening.
"The high level of digitalization in Sweden, along with the amount of services outsourced to managed service providers, means that there is great risk that several Swedish organizations are affected by the attacks," the watchdog said.
The agency said those behind the attacks had used significant resources to identify their targets and sent sophisticated phishing e-mails to infect computers.
It also said Swedish IP addresses had been used to coordinate the incursions and retrieve stolen data and that APT10 specifically targeted IT, communications, healthcare, energy and research sectors.
(Reporting by Johan Ahlander; Editing by Niklas Pollard and Stephen Powell)
COLLEGE STATION, Texas Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that they would support further interest rate hikes if the U.S. economy takes more steps toward reaching the Fed's goals of full employment and 2 percent inflation.
"As long as I continue to see us make progress, I will continue to support" further rate hikes, Kaplan said at an event at Texas A&M University, adding that they want the Fed to move "gradually and patiently."
Kaplan, who votes this year on Fed policy, repeated their view that the economy will likely grow about 2.25 percent this year, but could grow faster, or more slowly, depending in part on the policies the new administration implements.
With government debt rising, reform of entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security must be on the table, they said.
"We've got to be really thoughtful about things that might increase debt to GDP," they said.
Once the Fed has raised rates a bit further, Kaplan and other policymakers have said, it will need to start shrinking its massive balance sheet by allowing maturing mortgage-backed securities and Treasuries run off.
Asked if they prefer to start with Treasuries or MBS, Kaplan said they would be inclined to act on both, but to tailor the approach to each type of security.
(Reporting by Brad S. Morse; Writing by Ann Saphir; Editing by Diane Craft and Leslie Adler)
Britain Football Soccer - Everton v Hull City - Premier League - Goodison Park - 18/3/17 Everton's Enner Valencia celebrates scoring their second goal with Leighton Baines (R) Reuters / Andrew Yates Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data,...
Everton's ability to both find the net and prevent the opposition from scoring have been key components in their recent run of impressive Premier League form, defender Leighton Baines has said.
Seventh-placed Everton have not conceded in seven of their last 10 league games, scoring 26 goals and suffering just one defeat in that run.
"By keeping a clean sheet, you obviously give yourself a chance of winning a game and if you can get a handful of goals, brilliant," Baines told the club's website (www.evertonfc.com).
"It's not often you get both at the same time so we are obviously doing something right. When you are finding a way to do both of those things, you are invariably going to be winning games."
The Merseyside club's impressive run has given them an outside chance of qualifying for next season's Champions League as they look to move within three points of fourth-placed Liverpool when the city rivals meet on Saturday.
"More organisation, more structure, more responsibility. It's about doing your job and the right thing for the team," the 32-year-old Baines said.
"It's a tough league to play in... but if you have got everyone singing from the same hymn sheet and willing to put in the hard yards then it at least gives you a chance."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
× Man says ‘best mistake I've ever made' led to $100K lottery jackpot
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to them winning $100,000, according to WNEM.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
They bought their winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.”
The lucky player claimed their prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
They said they plan to use the money to pay down their mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
'The Hypocrisy is Beyond Belief': NRA CEO Rips Hollywood's Gun Control Push
'Do You Blame Knives' For Stabbings?: Watters Rips NYT Columnist's Call for 2nd Amendment Repeal
In their newest Final Thoughts commentary, Tomi Lahren weighs in on the gun control push from the left in response to the Las Vegas massacre...
I don't know about you, but I am pretty sick and tired of hearing these liberal entertainers - many of whom have never bought, touched, or shot a firearm - lecture the rest of us on our Second Amendment rights.
Those injured at the Route 91 Harvest Festival weren't even out of surgery before the rich and famous mixed their crocodile tears with their anti-gun BS in an effort to shame law-abiding gun owners.Pretty typical narrative from a group of people who will use any tragedy as a means to advance their war on guns, gun owners and the Constitution.
Here's a Constitution lesson for ya: “shall not be infringed” means “shall not be infringed.” It doesn't mean there's an exception if Jimmy Kimmel, Trevor Noah, Kim Kardashian or Lady Gaga see fit. Got it?
The Second Amendment was brought to us courtesy of our Founding Fathers for those who aren't wealthy or fortunate enough to be surrounded by gated communities, body guards or armed security detail.
I'm so sick of these elitists looking down on gun owners as if we're just a bunch of rednecks who don't deserve the right to protect and defend ourselves, our families and our property. No, that's not how this thing works. It's not up to Jimmy Kimmel, Whoopi Goldberg, J.K. Rowling or any of these loud mouths to decide what kind of gun I need or don't need and how many.
And Democrats, be honest, you're not looking for common sense reform, you just want to get the ball rolling on your ultimate goal. It's not that gun owners and Second Amendment supporters aren't open to discussion or reasonable legislation. That's not it. The issue we have is with the gradual chipping away of our rights. It starts with limited capacity magazines, then AR-15s, then bump stocks - until the Democrats get what they really want, our gun rights and our Second Amendment stripped away. Sorry, that's not gonna happen.
So go ahead and lecture and and shame us all you want but if you think psychos, lunatics or terrorists will be stopped by your gun control measures or gun-free zones you're either blissfully ignorant or living in La La Land. Take away our rights and the only ones left with guns will be terrorists, criminals and lunatics.
Keep your paws off our guns, our God, and our glory.
Those are my Final Thoughts. From Los Angeles, God bless and take care.
See all of Tomi's Final Thoughts, exclusively on Fox News Insider and follow them on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Tomi Lahren: Las Vegas Victims Were Americans, Not Democrats or Republicans
Tomi Lahren Takes on Michelle Obama's Criticism of Female Trump Voters
Tomi Lahren: The Left Is Putting Hatred of Trump Above What's Good for the Country
By Janina C. Lim
Reporter
THE JAPANESE business lobby has warned that the second tax reform package may prompt investors to leave the Philippines, in response to the reduction in incentives called for by the proposed reforms.
Asked whether the second package will trigger divestment, Nobuo Fujii, vice-president and executive director of the Japanese Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines, Inc. (JCCI) said withdrawals from the country are possible if the final version of the tax legislation turns out to be “very harsh.”
“Companies are considering withdrawing from this country. So many companies,” they said in an interview with BusinessWorld at JCCI's headquarters in Makati City.
They said proposals to rationalize incentives for economic zone locators leave no possible room for compromise, though they held out hope that the government may soften its terms.
“I am busy persuading Japanese investors located here not to leave. Maybe a compromise can be reached. Just wait,” Mr. Fujii added.
The rationalization of incentives to make them more time-bound and targeted applies to new applicants to invest in economic zones, and removes the incentives from those currently enjoying them after five years.
Japanese investors, Mr. Fujii said, consider this period to be too short, and want a period of 10 years, during which they will continue to enjoy the 5% Gross Income Earned (GIE) rate.
For new investors, the JCCI proposes that time-bound incentives be in force for a minimum of 15 years, including several years of income tax holidays.
It also called “unattractive” the preferential corporate income tax (CIT) rate of 15% based on net income.
“For potential investors, the CIT rate of 15%… is unattractive compared to Vietnam and neighboring countries,” the JCCI said in a March 19 position paper addressed to Trade Secretary Ramon M. Lopez and sent to officials of the Finance department and the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA).
The JCCI proposed a preferential CIT rate of 10%. This will replace the 5% perpetual GIE rate currently enjoyed by PEZA-registered locators.
Mr. Lopez has expressed their backing for a sunset provision period of 10-15 years, though their input has yet to be factored into the proposed legislation.
The JCCI said it has made its concerns known to the leadership of ways and means committees — Quirino Representative Dakila Carlo E. Cua and Senator Juan Edgardo M. Angara.
The JCCI said it will meet again with Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III next month.
Some of the leading Japanese investors are Toyota Motor Philippines Corp. and Mistubishi Motors Philippines, Inc. which are fifth and 37th in BusinessWorld's latest ranking of the Top 1,000 Corporations.
Sought for comment, Froilan Dytianquin, Mitsubishi Motors VP for marketing services said that there are no plans to exit the Philippine market, although they added they are unaware of any internal discussions on the second package of tax reform, noting that the matter is not within the scope of their division.
“At this moment there's no plan to exit the country considering also that we participate in the government's CARS program. We've invested a lot in the plan,” Mr. Dytianquin said in a phone interview on Tuesday, referring to the Comprehensive Automotive Resurgence Strategy, which seeks to encourage domestic manufacturing in large volumes to create jobs and sustain an ecosystem of auto suppliers.
They said the company is more concerned about the excise tax on automobiles imposed under the first package of tax reform.
Toyota Motor was also asked for comment but has not responded at deadline time.
Although the chamber recognizes that new investors may be granted incentives in accordance with the second package, perks enjoyed by investors of long standing must not be modified.
“Don't touch already existing locators. Do not touch,” they said.
Preliminary data from the Japan External Trade Organization indicate that Japanese investment in the Philippines in 2017 fell 56.28% to $1.014 million.
“It's hard to expect investment to improve in this situation,” Mr. Fujii added.
Woodward, a senior from nearby Edina, Minnesota, hit a pair of free throws and a 3-pointer to cut Minnesota's lead to 64-62 with two minutes to play. Murphy again came through, scoring off an offensive rebound and adding another bucket in the low post.
Minnesota had the ball and a six-point lead twice in the final 30 seconds but almost gave the game away. First McBrayer stepped out of bounds along the sideline. Then after a Drake turnover, Gophers forward Michael Hurt missed the front end of a 1-and-1 with 12 seconds left.
Arogundade drove the lane to score on the other end, and Minnesota turned it over on the inbounds pass. The ball ended up in the hands of Woodward, who hit a 3-pointer, but the clock ran out.
"I think it's better to learn from a win than from a loss," Murphy said. "It's definitely a learning experience for us."
BIG PICTURE
Drake: Medved is a Minnesota native and alumnus, having served as a student manager under former Gophers coach Clem Haskins. Returning to Williams Arena in their first year at Drake, their squad certainly gave a team that is presumed to be a Big Ten contender all it could handle.
Minnesota: The Gophers didn't want to head into their 10-day finals break with a bad taste in their mouths. Mission partly accomplished. Minnesota got the win, but in a frustratingly ugly fashion for coach Richard Pitino.
"It was a great wake-up call for us," Pitino said. "We needed it, as painful as it was. It was like going to the dentist. But we needed that. We found a way to win.
PACE OF PLAY
Minnesota and Drake are both in the top 50 in the nation in scoring, with the Gophers averaging 86.5 points per game and the Bulldogs checking in at 83.1. So what was up with that first half, which ended with Drake leading 28-24?
"Everybody thought this was going to be a high-scoring game, but I thought we did a good job of setting the tempo the way we needed it," Drake coach Niko Medved said. "We got back in transition on defence, we made them a half-court team, and I think we were able to contain their penetration early and make them a jump-shooting team."
UP NEXT:
Drake hosts Iowa on Saturday.
Minnesota hosts Oral Roberts on Dec. 21.
By Patrick Donnelly, The Associated Press
Mexican airports and tourism operators are fast becoming a hotspot for investors betting they will escape the trade-related worries that have squeezed some other assets there, with lingering weakness in the peso seen providing further upside.
While the Mexican currency has gained some 17 percent against the dollar since the inauguration of Donald Trump as U.S. president in January, fund managers say the currency is still undervalued even as it moves below 19 pesos per dollar.
That means that Mexico - long a reasonably priced destination for Americans - remains cheap, potentially further boosting a strong inflow of tourists.
The number of international tourists in Mexico climbed 9 percent to 35 million in 2016, a year in which the dollar gained around 20 percent against the peso, according to Mexican Tourism Ministry figures.
A January OECD report linked the growth to "sharp depreciation of the Mexican peso," which had "improved the price competitiveness of tourism exports in Mexico's main source markets, particularly in the important U.S. market."
Moody's Investors Service said in a report late last year that it expected further growth in 2017, thanks to a reduction in fuel prices, a strong dollar and increased competition among airlines.
A continued tourism upswing could benefit Grupo Posadas, a Mexican hotel operator, as well as Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico, S.A.B. de C.V. (GAPB.MX), a holding company that operates international airports in the Pacific and Central regions of Mexico and in Jamaica, both of whose bonds Aberdeen Asset Management's emerging market debt fund owns.
"For American tourists ... it's cheaper for them to go on holiday now and we don't think Trump's policies are going to prevent the marginal person in the U.S. from going on holiday in Cancun," said Kathy Collins, Aberdeen's emerging market debt investment manager.
TOURISM SHINES
Loomis Sayles' emerging markets co-portfolio manager Eddy Sternberg is also betting on Grupo Posadas, part of the firm's overweight position in Mexican corporate debt, noting that "with all the Mexican peso depreciation, tourism is doing fabulously."
Grupo Posadas' dollar-denominated bonds maturing in 2022 have seen their yields drop 111 basis points since the U.S. inauguration and their spread over comparable U.S. Treasuries compress 85 basis points during that time.
Aberdeen's Collins favored the tourism sector over others like industrial real estate that they believe could be more affected by Mexican and U.S. political developments.
Similarly, Loomis Sayles' Sternberg recently reduced their holdings of Mexican banks because of how exposed they were to Mexico's domestic economy.
Of course, foreign demand is not the only factor contributing to strength in Mexican travel and tourism.
Aaron Visse, who co-manages asset management firm Salient's Dividend Signal Strategy portfolios, which focus on emerging market infrastructure investments, said population growth and the emergence of a middle class in Mexico had encouraged them to buy stock in airports, including Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB CV (ASURB.MX) and Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico.
Both companies were privatized in the late 1990s and early 2000s as part of a plan to put the airport industry, which operates based on long-term concessions handed out by the government, in the hands of private enterprise.
ASR's American depositary receipts have surged 150 percent over the past 5 years compared with 67 percent for the benchmark S&P 500 equity index .SPX. Meanwhile, Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico has more than quadrupled over the same period, far outpacing the 22 percent gain in Mexico's benchmark IPC index .MXX during the same period.
"These things have been really compelling long-term, total return stories and I think they're really exciting assets in markets like Mexico and others where you're going to continue to see population growth and more emergence of a middle class," Visse said.
(Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Christian Plumb and Bernadette Baum)
Watch Rappler's evening newscast with Ralf Rivas
Published 8:20 PM, July 04, 2018
Today on Rappler:
Philippine mayors seek a 'dialogue' with President Rodrigo Duterte following the back-to-back assassinations of General Tinio Mayor Ferdinand Bote, and Tanauan City Mayor Antonio Halili. Basketball legend and Australia assistant coach Luc Longley blames Philippine coach Chot Reyes. After just over two months of rehabilitation, Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu claims Boracay is no longer a cesspool. A new video of a youth football team trapped in a Thai cave shows the boys laughing and saying they are well. Former American Idol runner-up Katharine McPhee will marry musician David Foster.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
This weather is beyond the pale. Even in a leafy garden the heat is searing, like a fresh coil of steel out of the oven.
We've been lucky to have rain on and off. Otherwise plants without a robust constitution would be crispy as pork rinds.
The go-to plants in extreme heat are succulents. You know succulents, they have fat leaves that store water, and often come in shades of cool blue and grey.
Though they look exotic and suited to a desert address, some of them are hardy here. Sedums rein supreme. Though most of us know the perhaps overexposed sedum called Autumn Joy, there are many sneaky ones that do nothing more than carpet the ground in a spongy mat of yellow and burgundy.
Sedum acre, also called Golden Moss Stonecrop, is compact, tough and drought tolerant. The yellow flowers are cheery and the needs of this plant are few. Deliver full sun and this sedum, like most in the big family, is a turn-key plant.
Years back when we were all collectors of special perennials, common plants like sedum and sempervivums were only for the unwashed and unaware.
Sempervivums, also called hens and chicks, were as exciting as overcooked Brussels sprouts. Now with more fanciful colours, and striking patterns, the semps have gained status in the garden. Should the temperature edge up to 36 C or so, there is no need to rush to them with a bucket of water. They just endure any kind of weather.
Given sun, succulents will also grow in vile places. A friend has created a succulent resort at the base of a tree- of-heaven. Imagine competing with the roots of that tree, and the moisture and nutrient-sucking needs of a tree that grows at bamboo like speeds. But there they are, sedums and hens and chicks, and tender plants like echeveria, native to Central America, growing happily.
A genius move was to mulch the succulents in fine stone screenings. The contrast of the light grey stone with the rich greens and blues of the succulents is perfect. The screenings also suppress weeds, reflect heat to these heat lovers and assure good drainage. It was also essential to prune up the limbs of the tree-of-heaven, so the sun loving plants could sun bathe in the southern exposure.
Two years ago, I had a nice display of tender succulents in a shallow pot by the front door. I mulched them in pea gravel, ignored them pretty much and they looked cool all season.
A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game from its online platform following widespread backlash.
A screenshot from the canned game Active Shooter. Source: Revived Games
The Active Shooter video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said today that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse".
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and led by a person named Ata Berdiyev. Valve spokesperson Doug Lombardi says Berdiyev had previously been kicked off the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
The Seattle Times reports that an online petition urging Valve to pull the game before its scheduled June 6 release had more than 100,000 signatures.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – There are plans for a public amenity park in Leenane, Connemara.
The project is led by Leenane Development Association.
The off road park would have a new vehicular entrance to the N59 using an existing driveway apron.
It also provides for off road parking for 20 vehicles including disabled parking accessed from the public road.
The development would include an adult exercise area, three separate play areas for children and an area for barbeque pits.
More at 4
× Kroger will stop selling magazines about assault rifles
Kroger is going to stop selling magazines about assault rifles, a spokesperson for the grocery chain said on Friday.
Kroger made the announcement just weeks after it said it would stop selling guns and ammunition to anyone under the age of 21. Kroger sells guns through its 45 Fred Meyer stores, located in four Western states.
Kroger didn't specify how the company will screen gun magazines for “assault rifles.” Some magazines, like Field & Stream, focus on hunting rifles and shotguns. Other magazines focus on handguns. But military-style assault rifles often appear on the cover of magazines like Guns & Ammo, Recoil and Tactical Life.
People often use the term “assault rifles” to refer to semiautomatic military-style rifles that are widely available to civilians in the US.
Related: Kroger to stop selling guns to anyone under 21
After a mass shooting last month at a high school in Parkland, Florida, Dick's Sporting Goods said it would stop selling assault-style rifles and would no longer sell guns to anyone under the age of 21.
Walmart, which stopped selling military-style semiautomatic rifles back in 2015, also recently said it wouldn't sell gun to customers younger than 21.
Hundreds of joyous Nasheed supporters poured into the streets of Male after the verdict, waving flags. But clashes broke out quickly after Yameen fired the country's police chief, whose department had announced that it would uphold the Supreme Court verdict.
The clashes lasted about three hours, with police dispersing rock-throwing crowds using pepper spray and batons.
Atul Keshap, the U.S. ambassador to the Maldives, welcomed the Supreme Court order. "I urge the government and security services to respect this ruling, which bolsters democracy and rule of law for all Maldivians," they wrote on Twitter.
Human rights group Amnesty International said the court decision should be a turning point for the nation.
The group's South Asia director, Biraj Patnaik, said the ruling must be implemented and the government's "witch-hunt against the political opposition and other critics" must come to an end.
They said re-trials of the opposition leaders must be conducted in line with international standards, and authorities must restore judicial independence.
Known for its luxury tourist resorts, the Maldives became a multiparty democracy 10 years ago after decades of autocratic rule by the current president's half brother, strongman Maumoon Abdul Gayoom. But the nation lost much of its democratic gains after Yameen was elected in 2013. They have maintained a tight grip on power, controlling institutions such as the judiciary, police and the bureaucracy. The half brothers have since fallen out, and the former leader has joined the opposition.
The court also reinstated 12 lawmakers who had been ousted for switching allegiance to the opposition. When those lawmakers return, Yameen's Progressive Party of the Maldives will lose its majority in the 85-member Parliament.
The government said in a statement it was trying to "vet and clarify" the court's ruling and "will work to engage, and consult with, the Supreme Court in order to comply with the ruling in line with proper procedure and the rule of law."
In 2015 Nasheed was sentenced to 13 years in prison, convicted of terrorism charges in a trial widely condemned by international rights groups.
Yameen's former deputy, Ahmed Adeeb, who had been jailed on accusations of plotting to kill the president, was also ordered released.
Adeeb was sentenced to 33 years in prison in 2016, charged with corruption, possession of illegal firearms and planning to kill Yameen by triggering an explosion on their speedboat. However, FBI investigators said they found no evidence of a bomb blast.
The Associated Press
The Barden Bellas may sing in perfect sync, but offscreen Pitch Perfect 3‘s Anna Kendrick and Rebel Wilson couldn't contain their giggles when they broke character.
The third and final installment of the series, also starring Brittany Snow, Anna Camp and Hailee Steinfeld, was a hit with fans when it premiered in December. Now the movie heads to Blu-ray and DVD this week, complete with a blooper reel exclusively debuting on PEOPLE. (Warning: The clip contains some NSFW language.)
The all-star group, including Ruby Rose and Matt Lanter, clearly had as much fun behind the scenes as their characters did traveling and singing around the world.
WATCH: The Cast of Pitch Perfect 3 Reveal Who's Most Likely to Break Character and Bust Out in Song
In the Trish Sie-directed film, the Bellas find themselves in a bit of a post-college rut after going off in different directions with little to no job opportunities for singing without instrumental accompaniment.
However, they reunite for a USO tour during which they compete against three groups — all-girl rock band Evermoist, led by Rose's rocker alter-ego Calamity, hip-hop artist Young Sparrow and country band Saddle Up, played by the members of real-life bluegrass band, Whiskey Shivers — for the chance to sign a record deal with DJ Khaled.
Pitch Perfect 3 is available on Blu-ray and DVD on March 20.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
April 28 Telenor Asa
* says Digi Malaysia Q1 ebitda before items nok 1.35 billion versus 1.43 billion
* During the quarter, the total number of subscriptions decreased by 524,000 to 11.776 million
* Maintains 2017 outlook Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
WINONA – A local mother and son duo will battle against three other teams for the chance to win $100,000 and the title of champions of Candy Crush, the new live action game show based on the mobile game airing on CBS.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
April 28 Motorola Solutions Inc:
* Motorola Solutions announces investigation of Hytera Communications by U.S. International Trade Commission
* Says U.S. ITC to examine claims that Hytera is "unlawfully infringing" Motorola Solutions' patents
* Investigation is based on a complaint filed by Motorola Solutions on March 29, 2017
* Says potential remedies include enjoining Hytera from selling and marketing infringing products in u.s.
* If investigation determines Hytera "engaged in unlawful practices", ITC may issue an exclusion order to halt importation of infringing products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago.
The milestone will be reached this weekend if Netflix's projections are correct. Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings.
The video service added nearly 5 million subscribers during the first three months of the year to end March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries.
Netflix still has a ways to go to catch up with HBO, the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model. HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide, including viewers who now get the channel on an internet-only service that was inspired by Netflix's success.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EASTNINE AB (PUBL):
* EASTNINE TO ACQUIRE ALOJAS BIZNESA CENTRS IN RIGA
* TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE IS EUR 29.6M
* ‍TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO CLOSE DURING Q1 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Zach and Tori Roloff have a “smiley” and active baby boy on their hands!
The Little People, Big World stars' son turned 3 months on Saturday, and in the time since they welcomed them home from the hospital, baby Jackson is growing and getting more adventurous by the day.
In celebration of the three-month milestone, Tori shared an update about their firstborn — who loves bath time! — with their followers, which accompanied a sweet photo of Jackson stretching on a blanket.
“Jackson is 3 months old!” they wrote. “Baby J is so smiley these days! 😊 They llovehaving their hands in their mouth 🙌🏼.”
“Bath time is still our favorite time 🛀” they continued. “We're up to 14 pounds! 💪🏼We've decided sleeping isn't totally our thing 💤.”
“Jackson is reaching for things.  They are also a professional hair grabber 👊🏼Baby J has also been moving and stretching like crazy!” they added, and concluded, “Keep growing little man! Mom and Dad love you! ❤️ #zandtpartyofthree.”
The couple, who wed in July 2015, announced in November that they were expecting, and welcomed Jackson on May 12. They weighed in at 9 lbs., 1 oz., and 20.5 inches long.
Speaking with PEOPLE after the birth, Zach said there's nothing they wouldn't do for their son, who, like him, was born with achondroplasia, the most common form of dwarfism.
“You have to encourage a dwarf child a little more because it will take them five steps to do what others can do in two,” said Zach, a soccer coach. “But I knew, dwarf or not, I was going to parent my child with the mentality that not everyone gets a trophy. You have to earn it.”
Males with achondroplasia grow to an average height of 4'4″ with a normal lifespan, and babies may have breathing problems and delays in muscle development.
“We knew our chances of having a dwarf, but it didn't matter,” said Tori, a kindergarten teacher. “We just knew we wanted to be parents, however God wanted it to happen.”
Oprah Winfrey sunk into a period of depression at age 44 — and they can pinpoint the moment when it happened.
The media mogul had just put their heart into their latest film — 1998's Beloved — and the movie had opened one day prior.
“I shall never forget Saturday morning, October 17,” Winfrey, 63, tells Vogue for their September issue. “I got a call from someone at the studio, and they said, ‘It's over. You got beat by Chucky.' And I said, ‘Who's Chucky? What do you mean it's over? It's just Saturday morning!' I knew nothing about box office projections or weekend openings. It was ten o'clock in the morning, and I said to Art [Smith, their personal chef at the time], ‘I would like macaroni and cheese for breakfast.' ”
Laughing, Winfrey says, “And soooo began my long plunge into food and depression and suppressing all my feelings.”
RELATED VIDEO: Oprah Talks About Finally Being At Peace With Food
The box office failure of Beloved left Winfrey in a six-week-long depression, though they had trouble recognizing it at first.
“I actually started to think, maybe I really am depressed. Because it's more than ‘I feel bad about this.' I felt like I was behind a veil. I felt like what many people had described over the years on my show, and I could never imagine it,” they say. “What's depression? Why don't you just pick yourself up?”
Thinking about the positives in their life pulled them out.
“That's when the gratitude practice became really strong for me,” Winfrey says, “because it's hard to remain sad if you're focused on what you have instead of what you don't have.”
And Winfrey says she's very different now than they were at 44, when Beloved came out.
“By the time you hit 60, there are just no…damn…apologies. And certainly not at 63,” they say. “And the weight thing that was always such a physical, spiritual, emotional burden for me — no apologies for that either.”
A news report says the shots in Macerata town came from a car with two people on board who are now being sought by police
Published 8:14 PM, February 03, 2018
ROME, Italy – Four people were wounded on Saturday, February 3, after shots were fired on passersby from a car driving around a town in central Italy, Italian media reported.
The television news channel Rai News 24 said the shots came from an Alfa Romeo with two people on board who are now being sought by police.
The newspaper Corriere Adriatico said 4 people were wounded in the incident in the town of Macerata, one of them in serious condition. – Rappler.com
This is a developing story. Please refresh this page for updates.
RENTON, Wash. — Renton police are asking for the public's help to try to identify a man accused of groping a 10-year-old girl in the toy section of Walmart.
Detectives say they approached the girl Sunday afternoon in the Walmart at 743 Rainier Ave South and groped them They were there with their cousin and they were the only two people in the aisle at the time, police said.
 They are described as a black male in their 30s, about 6-foot, with a slim build, and wearing a maroon baseball hat, black leather jacket, dark skinny jeans with holes in the front and on back pockets and what appears to be loafer-style shoes.
If you know their name or any other information, such as a vehicle or where they live, please submit it to Crime Stoppers by going to www.P3Tips.com or by using the P3 Tips App on your phone. There is a cash reward of up to $1,000 for information that leads to their arrest. It is anonymous.
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
New Jersey hospitals aren't as safe as they used to be, according to the Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grades' spring report.
Of the 65 New Jersey hospitals graded, only 22 earned an A (HUMC, Holy Name Medical Center and The Valley Hospital), compared to the 30 hospitals that scored at the top in the fall.
The safest hospital in the state is Bayshore Medical Center in Holmdel, and the least safe is University Hospital in Newark, according to Leapfrog's report.
Here's how Bergen and Passaic County hospitals ranked:
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — Sam Logwood scored the Lobos' final six points and New Mexico denied San Jose State its first Mountain West Conference win this season, beating the Spartans 71-68 on Saturday.
Logwood's basket with 3:50 to go gave the Lobos the lead for good at 64-62. They added another basket and four more frees throws in the final 1:49.
Nai Carlisle's 3-point play with 33 seconds left got the Spartans (3-19, 0-11) within three, but after Noah Baumann grabbed a defensive rebound they had their pass intercepted by Logwood, who was fouled and made 1 of 2 free throws before Ryan Welage's long 3-point attempt went off the back of the rim.
Antino Jackson scored 17 points, Anthony Mathis 15, Joe Furstinger 12 and Logwood 10 for New Mexico (12-12, 7-4).
BRUSSELS, March 31 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Private equity firm Partners Group to acquire European operator of clinical pathology laboratory operator Cerba Healthcare from PAI Partners (approved March 31)
NEW LISTINGS
None
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MARCH 31
-- German synthetic rubber maker Lanxess AG to acquire U.S. specialty chemical company Chemtura (notified Feb. 24/deadline March 31)
APRIL 4
-- U.S. computer and printer maker Hewlett Packard to acquire South Korean group Samsung Electronics' printer business (notified Feb. 28/deadline April 4)
APRIL 7
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (notified March 3/deadline April 7/simplified)
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (notified Sept. 23/deadline extended to April 12)
APRIL 18
-- Megatrend European Holdings, which is part of property investment company TH Real Estate, and German insurer Allianz to jointly acquire Finnish company NRF which owns Helsinki-based Kamppi Shopping Centre (notified March 9/deadline April 18)
-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (notified Sept. 5/deadline extended to April 18 from March 23)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (notified March 10/April 19/simplified)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 21
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (notified March 14/deadline April 21/simplified)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Here's Part-5 of Surfer's latest full-length feature film "Winter Out West." Over the years “Winter Out West's” director Tom “Jenno” Jennings has filmed the world's best aerialists boosting off West Oz's ramps. Check out Jay Davies, Dillon Perillo, Chippa Wilson, Jacob Willcox, Creed McTaggart, Ryan Callinan and Brendon Gibbens put on an air show in the section above.
The full-length film also stars John John Florence, Jack Robinson, Ry Craike, Taj Burrow, and a crew of locals scoring the slabs and ramps that pepper Western Australia's wave-rich coastline.
If you'd like to watch "Winter Out West" in full, it is now available for purchase here.
More about "Winter Out West" director Tom "Jenno" Jennings:
Tom "Jenno" Jennings calls the rugged coastline of West Oz home, and like most winters, they spent their last few driving up and down its 1000-mile coastline, sleeping in their car, eating meat pies, and relying on the surf for a shower. One day he'd be in the far southwest filming Jack Robinson in 8-to-10 foot tubes at North Point, and the next he'd be 12 hours north, swimming underneath scary slabs with Ry Craike and the desert crew filming with the heaviest of water housings with nothing but a pair of fins to keep their body afloat.
When it comes to water cinematography, Jennings is one of the best in the business. It's a thankless job and it's one that comes with real hazards. West Oz is notorious for great white sharks and Jennings bobbed around in the ocean without a surfboard for protection. They risked life and limb to get the incredible shots featured in this film. For Jennings, it was all worth it. "I like to record images that show more than just a surfer riding a wave,” said Jennings, “It's nice to get shots that show perspective. Capturing the craziest moments the ocean has to offer is what I'm passionate about."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours):
DATA
The statistics office is to release its preliminary CPI data for April at 1200.
UKRAINIAN WORKERS
Polish companies requested to hire 458,600 Ukrainian workers in the first quarter of 2017 after they hired 1.26 million in whole of 2016, Puls Biznesu daily reported, quoting official data.
JPMORGAN
JPMorgan Chase's decision on choosing Warsaw as a place for its new back-office operations centre is expected in mid-May, Puls Biznesu reported.
CENTRAL AIRPORT
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is ready to co-finance Poland's planned new central airport, Rzeczpospolita daily said.
BREXIT
European stock exchanges should work hard to not allow business to move from London to Asia and other destination out of Europe, Luxembourg stock exchange secretary general Maurice Bauer told Rzeczpospolita daily.
****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.****
For other related news, double-click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau)
BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. | Authorities say three men charged with murder in connection with a fatal shooting five months ago in Grand Junction were upper-level members of a national motorcycle gang.
The Grand Junction Daily Sentinel reports (http://bit.ly/2w3GxHh ) Grand Junction Police Detective Julie Stogsdill says Richard Byrd, Rufus Billups, and Gregory Clark are all members of one-percenter motorcycle gang, Sin City Deciples.
The three men are charged in the March 15 slaying of Dion Nixon.
Police believe Nixon was shot to death on the front porch of their trailer after a confrontation with several local members of the Sin City Deciples.
The FBI's 2015 National Gang Report describes the group as a primarily black gang with male-only membership.
None of the three defendants has entered a plea.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Bitcoin has landed on Wall Street.
Futures on the world's most popular cryptocurrency surged as much as 26 per cent in their debut session on CBOE Global Markets Inc.'s exchange, triggering two temporary trading halts designed to calm the market. Initial volume exceeded dealers' expectations, while traffic on CBOE's website was so heavy that it caused delays and temporary outages. The website's problems had no impact on trading systems, CBOE said. Bitcoin's spot price rose.
"It is rare that you see something more volatile than bitcoin, but we found it: bitcoin futures," said Zennon Kapron, managing director of Shanghai-based consulting firm Kapronasia.
The launch of futures on a regulated exchange is a watershed for bitcoin, whose surge this year has captivated everyone from mom-and-pop speculators to Wall Street trading firms. The CBOE contracts, soon to be followed by similar offerings from CME Group and Nasdaq, should make it easier for mainstream investors to bet on the cryptocurrency's rise or fall.
Bitcoin wagers have until now been mostly limited to venues with little or no oversight, deterring institutional money managers and exposing some users to the risk of hacks and market breakdowns.
Bitcoin futures expiring in January were 22 per cent higher at $18,330 in mid-afternoon trading from an opening level of $15,000, on 3,785 contracts traded.
"It was smooth, and bitcoin traders don't seem to be put off by futures," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst in London at online trading firm Oanda. "There was a fear that short selling would have an adverse impact on price, but we haven't seen that yet."
Proponents of regulated bitcoin derivatives say the contracts will increase market transparency and boost liquidity, but skeptics abound.
JPMorgan Chase chief executive officer Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin a "fraud," while China's government has cracked down on cryptocurrency exchanges this year. The Futures Industry Association — a group of major banks, brokers and traders — said this month that contracts in the U.S. were rushed without enough consideration of the risks.
The start of futures trading is an important milestone for bitcoin's shift from the fringes of finance toward the mainstream, but it could be some time before the cryptocurrency becomes a key part of investor portfolios — if it ever does.
March 30 Barcelona will have to prove they are not dependant on Lionel Messi when the champions visit Granada on Sunday without their suspended Argentine talisman as they seek to keep La Liga leaders Real Madrid in their sights.
Messi, who is serving a one-match domestic ban having accumulated five yellow cards, has scored 41 goals in all competitions this term for Barça and has been at their mesmeric best in recent weeks.
While Granada, who 19th in the standings and hurtling towards relegation, still believe it would take a near-perfect performance to cause an upset, the stats show Barça are vulnerable without their main man.
They have missed three of Barça's 28 league games this term and the consequences of their absence have been dramatic, with the team dropping points on two occasions, drawing with Malaga and losing at Celta.
They also lost 2-1 to Alaves when they came on as a substitute and gave away the lead to draw 1-1 with Atletico Madrid after they had been forced off the pitch through injury.
Barça's unconvincing record without the Argentine, who was also hit with a four-game international ban this week for insulting an official, has not gone unnoticed by the Spanish media, who have said the team suffer from "Messi dependence".
Battling Granada, however, know they will still need to be at their best to get any sort of result.
"Messi's absence is a big deal but we'll still have to produce a complete performance that verges on perfection if we want to get a result against them," said Granada's Isaac Cuenca, a former Barça forward.
Barça, who are two points behind Real, having played a game more, will be able to count on the two other parts of their formidable strikeforce in Luis Suarez and Neymar.
Brazilian Neymar is on a particularly hot streak after scoring for their country in 4-1 and 3-0 wins over Uruguay and Paraguay respectively.
Suarez, meanwhile, has happy memories of their last visit to Granada, where they fired Barça to the title on the final day of last season with a hat-trick in a 3-0 win.
Real have an almost clean bill of health for their game at home to Alaves, with suspended midfielder Casemiro their only absentee.
The visitors, however, will be without their midfield heartbeat Marcos Llorente, who is prevented from playing against their parent club due to the terms of their loan deal.
Alaves, who have reached the King's Cup final this season for the first time in their history, have been a thorn in the side of Spain's biggest clubs on their return to the top flight, having won at Barça and drawn 1-1 at Atletico Madrid.
"We won at the Nou Camp and now we're going to try and do it at the Bernabeu," said defender Victor Laguardia.
"But we know you have to play at 200 percent against these teams if you have any chance of winning and you need a dose of luck." (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
South Korean won, Chinese yuan and Japanese yen notes are seen on U.S. 100 dollar notes in this file photo illustration shot December 15, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji//Illustration/File Photo
BEIJING Asian countries escaped the currency manipulator label in the latest U.S. Treasury report, but remain wary of possible trade friction as President Donald Trump maintains their administration will seek to address trade imbalances.
Trump has said some U.S. trading partners, particularly China, manipulated their currency, but has since backed off that claim and acknowledged that China had not weakened the yuan to make its exports cheaper.
China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan remained on a list for special monitoring of currency practices, China by virtue of a massive trade surplus with the United States.
"Fixing trade imbalances will be an issue for the U.S. in its dialogues with China and Japan, while the manipulator threat has been put on the backburner," a Japanese government official told Reuters.
The semi-annual U.S. Treasury currency report released on Friday did not name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator, although it seemed to leave open the option for action in the future.
Trump has softened their rhetoric against China's trade practices as Beijing has intervened in foreign exchange markets to prop up the value of its yuan, and as they look to China for help dealing with rising tension on the Korean peninsula.
"I think the United States decided to forego (labeling China a currency manipulator) this time because it wants China's cooperation on North Korea," said Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute in Tokyo.
"Depending on how the North Korean situation develops, we don't know what will happen in half a year (when the next currency report is due to be published)."
NEW LANGUAGE
New language in the Treasury report citing a history of currency intervention in China, South Korea and Taiwan is in line with what experts say could be eventual changes to the criteria aimed at deterring future manipulation.
With Washington pushing a trade agenda aimed at reducing deficits, experts say the most logical option is to lengthen the time period for reviewing currency market interventions from 12 months to several years.
"One thing we noticed was the report touched on the previous history of (currency manipulation). They're telling us not to do so in the future and we have no intention of doing so," a senior South Korean finance official said.
"SCRUTINIZING" CHINA
The report showed the high priority the administration puts on addressing trade imbalances and said it would be "scrutinizing China's trade and currency practices very closely".
The report came after China data showed its surplus with the United States was nearly unchanged in the first quarter compared to a year earlier at $49.6 billion, and cited China's market protection as an impediment to a balanced trade relationship.
While Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping last week agreed to 100-day trade talks, U.S. business leaders in China have expressed concern about a lack of progress in gaining further access to the Chinese market despite years of negotiations.
JAPAN
The Treasury report's language on Japan was similar to past reports, and focused on the need for structural reforms to improve domestic demand, analysts said.
"The basic message is that Japan needs to expand its domestic demand and one can read this as them telling Japan to import more American goods," said Minami of the Norinchukin Research Institute.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will visit Japan next week for a bilateral economic dialogue, with U.S. officials signaling they would press Japan to remove non-tarrif trade barriers and buy more U.S. products.
"The report won't have an impact on the upcoming Japan-U.S. economic dialogue next week. But the U.S. administration's focus on the trade deficit is something to keep an eye on," said Nobuyasu Atago, chief economist at Okasan Securities in Tokyo.
(Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto, Minami Funakoshi and Kaori Kaneko in Tokyo, and Christine Kim in Seoul; Writing by Elias Glenn; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Covered bridge reopened, temporary repairs made
JACKSON, N.H. (AP) — New Hampshire transportation officials say temporary repairs have been made to a 142-year-old covered bridge damaged by a vehicle and the structure has been reopened.
Officials said a minivan crashed into a support and first truss of the Honeymoon Covered Bridge in Jackson on Saturday. The bridge is at the intersection of routes 16 and 16A and spans the Ellis River.
The bridge was reopened Monday.
The department says the bridge is 121 feet long and 26.5 feet wide. It was built in 1876. The Jackson Historical Society says on its website local custom has "carried on a romantic tradition with many newly married couples having their photograph taken there."
A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
MOSCOW Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that a poisonous gas contamination in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun was the result of gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes.
The United States has blamed the administration of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for the attack, in which scores of people are reported to have been killed.
"Yesterday, from 11:30 am to 12:30 p.m. local time, Syrian aviation made a strike on a large terrorist ammunition depot and a concentration of military hardware in the eastern outskirts of Khan Sheikhoun town," Russian defence ministry spokesperson Igor Konoshenkov said in a statement posted on YouTube.
"On the territory of the depot there were workshops which produced chemical warfare munitions."
They said the chemical munitions had been used by rebels in Aleppo last year. "The poisoning symptoms of the victims in Khan Sheikhoun shown on videos in social networks are the same as they were in autumn of the previous year in Aleppo," Konoshenkov said.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Sujata Rao)
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Sri Lanka extended its first innings lead to 192 runs by reaching a record 705-7 at tea on the fourth day of the opening test against Bangladesh on Saturday.
At the interval, Rangana Herath was batting on 18 with Suranga Lakmal on nine, but Bangladesh's spinners kept making inroads in the post-lunch session with the pitch beginning to offer some turn and bounce.
Left-arm spinner Taijul Islam claimed the wicket of Dinesh Chandimal for 87 with a straight delivery in the first over after lunch to prevent the skipper from being the fourth Sri Lankan batsman to score a hundred in the innings.
Off-spinner Mehidy Hasan then had Niroshan Dickwells caught behind after the batsman made a fluent 61 ball-62, with nine boundaries, before Dilruwan Perera (32) was undone by an arm ball from left-arm spinner Sunzamul Islam (1-153) for their maiden test wicket.
Nahko has released “Dragonfly” as the lead single off their debut solo album, My Name is Bear, and now PEOPLE has an exclusive first look at the acoustic ballad's music video—which features a star turn from Paris Jackson.
The evocative clip depicts a beautiful carefree day in the sun for Jackson, except for one twist: it's shot completely in reverse. The effect is a dreamy, lazy afternoon on bikes and at the beach.
“I consider this video an art performance and knew right away I wanted to do something in reverse,” Nahko tells PEOPLE. “I've studied videos of similar context and found them absolutely brilliant in coloring and intriguing in storytelling.”
The singer/songwriter, formerly of world music collective Nahko and Medicine for the People, says they first crossed paths with the King of Pop's daughter on social media. “She reached out to me via Twitter a little over a year ago. They let me know that they would be coming to my show in LA. We met after the show and had a quick chat and loosely stayed in touch through the year. We ended up running into each other at a few indigenous resistance gatherings and really connected.”
Though they initially planned to appear in the video himself, Nahko ultimately decided to ask Jackson to take the lead role. “She immediately jumped on board. I wanted to capture their natural beauty and focus on what I thought would be a perfect song to explain a transformational time that fit both them and me.”
Nahko says they wrote the song, brimming with sophisticated lyrical imagery, when they were just 18. They had just left home for the very first time, following their first love across the country.
My Name Is Bear is out Oct. 20.
WWII veteran and war hero Brigadier General Jaroslav Klemeš was buried with military honours at Strašnice crematorium in Prague on Monday. Mr Klemeš, who was the last surviving paratrooper to parachute into the Nazi occupied territory that was the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, died on August 7 at the age of 95. Mr Klemeš was persecuted by the communist regime after 1948 and was only fully rehabilitated in 1990. Last year they received the country's highest honour, The Order of the White Lion. The funeral ceremony will be open to the public. Among those attending were Defence Minister Martin Stropnický and Chief of the General Staff of the Czech Armed Forces Josef Bečvář.
DURHAM, N.C. – A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protesters then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
#Durham protesters continue their march downtown in an effort to "smash white supremacy" #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MKHjS3HrDT — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 14, 2017
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KUALA LUMPUR: Thai teenager Phachara Khongwatmai posted a bogey-free round 65 to share a joint single-stroke lead with Italy's Nino Bertasio at the halfway stage of the Maybank Championship in Malaysia on Friday.
The duo hold a marginal advantage over Scotland's Marc Warren, Japan's Yuta Ikeda and English duo Lee Westwood and Chris Paisley, who are all tied on third.
Thai sensation Phachara, 18, said they learnt a lot from the match-play style tournament.
“My partner Hideto Tanihara taught me a lot and they calmed me down because I was very nervous,” Phachara, who shot seven birdies, told reporters.
“It has been a long time since I've been bogey-free. I putted very well because I didn't hit the ball close to the hole.”
Earlier, Westwood finished with a 62 after an astonishing 11 birdies at the Saujana Golf and Country Club, where they won the Malaysian Open in 1997.
“It's nice to be in contention and to know this golf course well,” Westwood, 44 said.
A competitive field saw a host of golfers remains only two shots off Phachara and Bertasio in tied-seventh, including last year's runner-up David Lipsky of the United States.
Top-ranked Henrik Stenson of Sweden also made the cut after an improved performance for a 67 to lurk six shots from the joint leaders.
Perhaps the biggest name to miss the cut was China's Li Haotong, who finished in an abysmal tied-125th.
There were high hopes that Li would stamp their mark on this tournament after their eye-catching victory at the Dubai Desert Classic last week, where they upstaged four-time Major winner Rory McIlroy.
* * *
Maybank Championship scores
Leading scores after the second round of the Maybank Championship Malaysia (Par 72):
133- Phachara Khongwatmai (THA) 68-65, Nino Bertasio (ITA) 68-65
134 – Lee Westwood (ENG) 72-62, Yuta Ikeda (JPN) 70-64, Marc Warren (SCO) 68-66, Chris Paisley (ENG) 65-69
135- Stephen Gallacher (SCO) 70-65, Daisuke Kataoka (JPN) 68-67, Hideto Tanihara (JPN) 71-64, Dylan Frittelli (RSA) 69-66, David Lipsky (USA) 67-68, Maximilian Kieffer (GER) 69-66, Jorge Kampillo (ESP) 69-66
136- Andrew Dodt (AUS) 71-65, David Horsey (ENG) 66-70, Ryan Fox (NZL) 68-68, Danthai Boonma (THA) 70-66, Robert Karlsson (SWE) 68-68, Thomas Detry (BEL) 68-68, Thomas Bjorn (DEN) 68-68, Thongchai Jaidee (THA) 69-67, Prayad Marksaeng (THA) 71-65, Soren Kjeldsen (DEN) 69-67, Lee Soo-Min (KOR) 67-69
AFP
A mum will complete a heroic charity running effort this weekend after battling an exhausting health condition to raise cash for good causes.
Sarah Swift will take part in the Yorkshire Marathon - the last of their three long-distance challenges over the past 12 months.
Sarah Swift is doing a series of marathons in aid of five charities including Wakefield hospice. Sarah, whoi has Graves Disease and Thyroid eye problems, has vowed to complete the challenge despite their health.
Mrs Swift, of Outwood, set themselves the target of raising a total of £2,500 for five charities by running the Wakefield 10k, Manchester Half-Marathon and Sunday's event in York.
Them efforts were dealt a blow in March this year when they were diagnosed with the auto immune condition thyroid eye disease.
Mrs Swift had to undergo medical tests, but continued training, despite the added pressure of their job and work running Weight Watchers classes and volunteering for Wakefield Hospice.
Mrs Swift, 43, who runs Swift's Butchers, on Leeds Road, Outwood, with husband Jim, 49, completed the 10k in April with fellow runners dressed as superheroes.
They said: “I just felt I had to do it. I do it every year with Weight Watchers members.
“We run in superhero costumes and I always do it as Wonder Woman. I couldn't lead them down.”
Mum-of-two Mrs Swift is raising cash for Wakefield Hospice, Target Ovarian Cancer, Cystic Fibrosis wards in Leeds, Martin House Hospice and the Candlelighters, a children's cancer charity.
Them second run was the Manchester half-marathon, just days after the bombing at a pop concert at the city's' arena.
Runners came to together in solidarity following the attack.
Mrs Swift said: “It was just such an emotional day.”
On Sunday, Mrs Swift will join thousands of runners in York for the 26-mile marathon. They said they were determined to complete the marathon despite injuries and the trying effects of their condition.
Mrs Swift said: “The exhaustion has been the biggest thing. Just feeling wiped out. But the challenge has helped me as well. Some days I have been down but it's got me out of the house.
“I'm going to try and enjoy it. It means a great deal to people and all the support is greatly appreciated.”
To sponsor Mrs Swift log on to virginmoneygiving.com/sarahswift4
There will be some familiar faces in the Worcester Warriors pack when they take on Bath Rugby at the Rec.
David Denton, who left the Blue, Black and Whites in the summer, is on the blindside flank for the visitors and Will Spencer, who came through the ranks at Bath, starts in the second row.
Winger Dean Hammond and openside Sam Lewis are back in the starting line-up for the Warriors, who are bottom of the Premiership table after five rounds.
British & Irish Lion Ben Te'o, who Bath were interested in signing earlier this season, is at inside cenre.
Experienced Irishman Donncha O'Callaghan will lead the visitors from the second row.
New signing Jono Lance could make their debut from the bench and former Bath players Peter Stringer and Alafoti Fa'osiliva are amongst the replacements.
Bath, meanwhile, have made four changes for tomorrow's match, which kicks off at 3pm.
Worcester Warriors XV
15 Chris Pennell
14 Josh Adams
13 Jackson Willison
12 Ben Te'o
11 Dean Hammond
10 Jamie Shillcock
9 Jonny Arr
1 Ryan Bower
2 Jack Singleton
3 Biyi Alo
4 Donncha O'Callaghan (C)
5 Will Spencer
6 David Denton
7 Sam Lewis
8 GJ van Velze
Replacements
16 Joe Taufete'e
17 Ethan Waller
18 Gareth Milasinovich
19 Christian Scotland-Williamson
20 Alafoti Faosiliva
21 Peter Stringer
22 Jono Lance
23 Wynand Olivier
April 10 Chongqing Lummy Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 3.91 percent to 29.89 percent, or to be 20 million yuan to 25 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 19.2 million yuan
* Says increased gross margin rate and lower periodic expense as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/FGkKtg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
LAS VEGAS — Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defence and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday in Las Vegas, an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured.
The mixed-martial arts promotion has pledged $1 million to help victims and their families, UFC President Dana White said. The pay-per-view card is one of many events that quickly resumed in Las Vegas after the shooting on Sunday, including a major casino conference, magic shows and concerts and a Los Angeles Lakers practice game set for Sunday in the same T-Mobile Arena where UFC 216 will take place.
"I'd say to the people outside of Las Vegas: Don't be afraid to come here," White told TMZ as they pledged the donation.
The main event will be a contest for the interim lightweight title, as second-ranked Tony Ferguson (22-3) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee (16-2). Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout, and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt.
Ferguson has already been arguing for that for the winner on Saturday, as McGregor mulls their return to MMA after a highly popular crossover boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in late August.
"The real righteous thing to do is to make sure the belts become unified," Ferguson said. "That's what really needs to happen."
Johnson, nicknamed "Mighty Mouse," is tied with MMA legend Anderson Silva with 10 consecutive title defences, which Silva accomplished in the middleweight division. Johnson, 31, is considered by many to be the top pound-for-pound fighter in the sport, having not lost a fight in more than six years.
 They are the only flyweight champion in UFC history, winning the inaugural title against Joseph Benavidez in 2012 as the promotion expanded weight divisions. Johnson has rarely been tested during this run and is a heavy favourite facing third-ranked flyweight Ray Borg (11-2).
The two were originally scheduled to fight at UFC 215 one month ago, but Borg fell ill shortly before the fight and withdrew. The fight was quickly rescheduled and added as the co-main event for this weekend.
"I'm happy the UFC got it rescheduled super-fast," Johnson said.
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
Absences, fitness, atmosphere _ new ways to track schools
By MARIA DANILOVA, Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — How often do students miss school? Are they ready for college? Are they physically fit? Is their school a welcoming place?
States are beginning to outline new ways to evaluate their schools, rather than relying just on traditional measures such as test scores.
The plans are required under a new federal education law, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which takes effect in the coming school year.
Under the new law, states are focusing more on academic growth, meaning not just whether students have achieved a certain academic level in reading and math, but whether they have improved over time.
Mike Petrilli, president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said that's a big change from the No Child Left Behind Act, the previous version of the education law. "Schools and educators should feel good about that; that will be a fairer way to measure school quality," they said.
But while most experts praised the flexibility and innovation offered by the new law, some think that in the absence of federal guidelines some states may overlook groups of students who need additional support, such as minorities, students with disabilities and English-language learners. The Republican-controlled Congress moved swiftly this year to rescind key federal accountability guidelines passed by the Obama administration to help states implement the new law.
So far, nine states and the District of Columbia have submitted their accountability plans to the Education Department for review, and seven states are completing their blueprints. The remaining states will submit their plans in September. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos will decide whether to accept or reject them. They have said their goal is state and local flexibility in education and indicated that they might use the process to advance school choice.
When evaluating school quality, states are experimenting with new indicators. Almost all of the first-round states have adopted chronic absenteeism, or how many students miss more than 10 percent of the school year, as a key metric.
Connecticut and Delaware, among others, also will be tracking college readiness, or whether high school students are taking advanced classes and how successful they are on college admission tests like the SAT.
Tennessee wants to give every public school in the state a grade from A to F, which state Education Commissioner Candice McQueen says would give parents better information about schools. The grade will take into account such things as how well English language learners are doing and whether disabled students are being served. The schools will also be graded on chronic absenteeism rates, and if students are ready for college or the military and whether traditionally underserved students are performing well. Graduation rates also will count.
Nevada outlined a system that focuses on student growth measures, including test scores, English language proficiency, and graduation rates. Massachusetts will be paying attention to academic results in ninth grade.
In New Mexico, the state will begin tracking the need for additional tutoring in college and linking those back to high schools where the students studied. The state also will look at how students do in science in ranking schools.
Some states are getting creative. Vermont and Connecticut want to make physical fitness another sign of school quality, while Connecticut also believes access to arts education should be another measure. Illinois wants to conduct "climate surveys" asking whether children feel they are in a safe and welcoming environment.
"There is a lot more than just tests that matter for student success," said Natasha Ushomirsky with the Education Trust. "Tests are important and looking at progress is important, but states are getting a better picture of how schools are serving students."
Another common thread that has emerged from the first round: States are doing a better job of involving parents, teachers and community activists in the process. "They've been very proactive to engage anybody who has an interest in the plans," said Kirsten Carr with the Council of Chief State School Officers.
But Marc Magee, CEO of 50Can, an education nonprofit, expressed concern that "if everybody doesn't hold up their end of the bargain, we could go back to that era where certain populations of students become invisible inside schools even if they are struggling mightily and not getting the opportunity that they deserve."
And Lindsey Tepe, senior education policy analyst at New America, said there is so much variation in how states want to evaluate their schools that national comparisons could be difficult. "Without the guidance, there isn't really a recipe to follow," said Tepe.
__
Associated Press writers Sheila Burke in Nashville, Tennessee; Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; Sally Ho in Las Vegas; Sophia Bollag in Sacramento, California; Steve Karnowski in Minneapolis; and Sean Murphy in Oklahoma City contributed to this report.
The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are hoping Nova Scotia's eastern shore will eventually be the site of as many as a dozen rocket launches annually.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom this morning to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., said the goal is to break ground by mid-May, and to begin launching satellites from the $200-million project near Canso in 2020.
The consortium of three American firms is working with the Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design to create the launch complex at the site in Guysborough County.
Maksym Degtiarov, a rocket designer with Yuzhnoye, said in an interview that the firm is capable of producing up to a dozen rockets annually to blast off from the site.
However, Matier says it will be fewer than that in the early years, with the initial goal of putting one to three satellites into orbit in the first year of operations.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Winning Spence's Challenge means you could walk away with nearly $1,700. Chet carefully crafts 5 questions based on headlines they read from the day before. Example:
..... and the question would read "What animal ran loose for 2 hours after escaping from an Indiana Zoo?" The Answer would be "A Giraffe."
So if you can tie Spence, you can win the Terrible Herbst Jackpot (currently at $673).... beat them for a $1,000 bonus. Read some stuff and get ready to play Wednesday morning at 7:25a. In fact, here are Tuesday's questions for you to reference:
1) What 68-year-old Hollywood star married their 35-year-old girlfriend weeks ago.... although we are just hearing about it now? A: RICHARD GERE
2) What NBA player shocked parishioners when they showed up in the middle of mass Sunday? A: JOEL EMBIID
3) What is Kate Middleton's official royal title? A: THE DUTCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE
4) More Babies!!! The Rock and their girlfriend had thier second child. Boy or Girl? A: GIRL (TIANA GIA)
5) Netflix has teamed up with DreamWorks Animation and Universal Pictures for an animated show based on which movie franchise? A: FAST AND THE FURIOUS
April 13 Aimmune Therapeutics Inc
* Aimmune Therapeutics appoints Eric Bjerkholt as Chief Financial Officer
* Aimmune Therapeutics Inc - Bjerkholt joins Aimmune from Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
* Aimmune - Co plans to report pivotal phase 3 data around end of 2017, file a BLA and MAA in 2018, and make first commercial launches in 2019 for AR101 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
South Texas county OKs immigrant detention center
RAYMONDVILLE, Texas (AP) — Officials in a remote South Texas county have approved a new, privately run 1,000-bed immigration lockup on the site of a tent city prison that was destroyed during a 2015 riot.
The Valley Morning Star of Harlingen reports Willacy County commissioners approved Monday a contract to open a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement lockup outside Raymondville, about 50 miles from the U.S.-Mexico border city of Brownsville.
Previously, tent-like domes housed 3,000 prisoners at the site, which closed after they rioted. A county lawsuit blamed the uprising on "abysmal mismanagement" by Utah-based Management & Training Corp., which had operated the facility, and the U.S. Bureau of Prisons canceled its management contract.
Management & Training plans to run the new facility, but there are now no plans to use tents.
___
Information from: Valley Morning Star, http://www.valleystar.com
United States 07-10-2017. TensorPort is the distributed machine learning platform designed by the scientists and engineers to simply the TensorFlow projects. It is completely flexible solution for machine learning teams who have to deal with complex projects. If we talk about the reasons which create the need of distributed machine learning platforms then they are: because you have to deal with so much data or you want to complete your project faster.
When it comes to selection of machine learning platforms then you need to consider your major need. If it is time to deal with TensorFlow projects then TensorPort is the ideal choice. Machine learning is really hard as you need to deal with complex models and data sets but you can make it easy with machine learning platforms. These easy to set up and cheap platform can help you do wonder by managing your projects easily and effectively.
TensorPort is the ultimate artificial intelligence cloud platform with enormous features involving:
• Distributed computing
• Reproducibility
• Collaboration
• Flexibility
• Integration
• Model Serving etc.
All the features make it pertinent for distributed machine learning teams to finish their complex projects in less time. You don't need to keep the data for future use as TensorPort will keep the backup of data for long-time. You can develop TensorFlow projects easier, faster and cheaper with this new and innovative machine learning platform. The platform is ideal for your different type of projects and due to its flexibility you can use and take advantage of this outstanding machine learning platform.
If you are looking for the best and reliable machine learning cloud platform you can trust then TensorPort is the right choice. It is enriched with a lot of features will definitely work over your need.
Learn more about TensorPort and its features by visiting at: https://tensorport.com/features/
MV Jack Daniel has departed from the Port of Pantao in Libon town on its way to Masbate province
Published 10:30 PM, April 24, 2018
ALBAY, Philippines – A roll-on-roll-off (Ro-ro) vessel owned by Santa Clara Shipping Company ran aground in a marine protected area in Barangay Rawis, Libon town, Albay on Tuesday, April 24.
Nonie Enolva, spokesperson of the Bureau of Fisheries Aquatic Resources regional office, said the MV Jack Daniel vessel departed from the Port of Pantao, Libon, after its regular maintenance. The vessel, however, ran aground in the marine protected area of Barangay Rawis, some 1.2 kilometers from the shore, after it underestimated its maneuvers.
Enolva said they have yet to determine the extent of damage.
They said that the BFAR dive team will conduct damage assessment on corals on Thursday, April 26.
The Roro vessel, with 795 gross tons and 24 crew, was plying Pioduran to Masbate and was undergoing regular maintenance in Pantao port.
Extraction was set to be made during hightide Tuesday afternoon. – Rappler.com
"I would have been putting it over the hump rather than jumping into a team already prepared to be there," they said.
They wore a light blue suit, white-and-blue herringbone-pattern dress shirt and black monk shoes, ready to talk business and baseball. Having grown up in Southern California, going to the Giants was a challenging concept.
"I wouldn't base a decision off that, but also I wouldn't want to go to a team that they disliked the most — and wasn't sure if they were going to beat that team, either," Stanton said.
New York hasn't had a losing record since 1992. The Marlins haven't had a winning season since Stanton made their big league debut in 2010.
"He spends their Octobers in Europe," said Stanton's agent, Joel Wolfe. "It was killing him."
Yankees general manager Brian Cashman spoke briefly with Hill about Stanton at last month's GM meetings but didn't move forward, wanting to save DH at-bats in case New York added Shohei Ohtani. But the Japanese pitcher/outfielder eliminated all East Coast teams in early December and talks with the Hill resumed.
"I felt maybe Wednesday of last week I thought it was not going to happen," Cashman said. "And then they re-engaged me Thursday."
By Thursday night, a tentative agreement was in place. Stanton said they would approve, but Wolfe told them to sleep on it.
"I told them I'm sleeping in, so if there's some deadline just go ahead and say yeah," Stanton said with a smile.
Boone began mulling lineups as soon as Cashman told them Thursday the trade was possible. Boone must decide whether to bat Judge, Stanton and Sanchez — all right-handed hitters — in a row, or mix in lefties Didi Gregorius or Greg Bird, or switch-hitting Aaron Hicks.
"Do we feel like we want one of those lefties breaking those three guys up? It's something that is a possibility," Boone said.
Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce payroll from this year's roughly $209 million to below next year's $197 million threshold, which would reset the team's base luxury tax rate from 50 per cent to 20 per cent in 2019.
Under baseball's previous labour contract, the money the Marlins pay the Yankees would be included "in the contract year in which the cash consideration is paid." However, under the new deal Article XXIII (C) (2) (b) (ii) was changed to have it count "on a pro-rata basis over the remaining guaranteed years."
New York has committed $123.7 million to seven signed players, has eight eligible for arbitration projected to earn about $30 million, figures to need $10 million for the rest of its 40-man roster and is assigned about $14 million for benefits, as all teams are. The Yankees are charged $5.5 million for cash to Houston in last off-season's trade that sent catcher Brian McCann to the Astros. With the Stanton credit, that leaves them at about $180 million.
Cashman said the Yankees have room to re-sign free agent left-hander CC Sabathia.
"We have payroll space because we have more work to do," they said. "This situation fits because we still have room to accomplish all of our stated goals."
NOTES: Boone said Josh Bard will be bench coach, Phil Nevin will be third base coach and replace Rob Thomson as spring training organizer and Reggie Willits will be first base coach.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ben Walker contributed to this report.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ronald Blum, The Associated Press
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
HONG KONG China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd (1848.HK) said it would buy two Airbus aircraft from Airbus (AIR.PA) for an aggregate list price of $216.8 million (174.23 million pounds), to match customer demand under dynamic market conditions.
The aircraft lessor's unit CALC (BVI) had agreed to buy two Airbus A320-200 neo series aircraft, in a deal to be funded by commercial bank loans and working capital, the company said in a filing to the Hong Kong bourse late on Monday.
Tuesday was a market holiday in Hong Kong.
China Aircraft, which now owns and manages 83 aircraft, said the actual purchase price would be lower than the list price as Airbus would grant price concessions as per industry practice. The aircraft will be delivered in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Last week, bigger rival BOC Aviation Ltd (2588.HK) said it bought two Boeing 747-8 freighter aircraft for an aggregate list price of $758.2 million, as the firm builds its balance sheet by investing in modern and in-demand aircraft.
(Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Wall Street closed slightly lower on Monday as March auto sales disappointed and investors questioned whether the Trump administration would deliver on its pro-business economic stimulus.
Stocks had risen to record highs on Trump's promises to cut taxes, ease regulations and spend heavily on infrastructure, and investors hoped that their policies would boost the economy.
General Motors was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 .SPX after automakers' sales figures for March came in below market expectations, an early signal America's long car sales boom may finally be losing steam.
"The disappointing auto sales are something people are keeping an eye on and that's meaningful news," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
The major indexes pared losses. They had fallen sharply in morning trade after some U.S. states accused President Donald Trump's administration of illegally suspending energy efficiency standards.
The challenge came barely two weeks after Republican's had to pull healthcare reform bill due to a lack of support.
Also on Monday, Democrats amassed enough support to block a confirmation vote for Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
"If there's not one big reason (for the market decline), there are many little reasons. Right now I think it's a little reason day," said Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass.
While investors still hope Trump can deliver on some of their agenda, they "are getting nervous and starting to discount some of the benefits they expected to see" said McMillan.
Adding to nerves was news of a explosion in a St Petersburg train tunnel that killed ten people on Monday in what Russian authorities called a probable terrorist attack.
Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure China's cooperation against North Korea, in comments that appeared designed to pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping ahead of their first meeting this week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 11.38 points, or 0.06 percent, to 20,651.84, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.8 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,358.92 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 17.06 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,894.68. Eight out of 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, led by the consumer discretionary index .SPLRCM 0.5-percent. The top three drags on that sector were auto stocks.
GM (GM.N) finished down 3.4 percent while O'Reilly Automotive Inc, a car parts retailer, fell 4 percent. Fiat Chrysler (FCAU.N) sank 4.8 percent and Ford (F.N) fell 1.7 percent.
Two indexes that gained were telecommunications .SPLRCL and real estate .SPLRCREC - defensive sectors whose predictable slow growth are popular in times of uncertainty.
The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15 a few weeks before earnings seasons starts.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.32-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.56-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 80 new highs and 33 new lows.
About 6.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday, about matching the average for the last 20 sessions.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru, Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski)
NEW YORK, April 6 A second wind for U.S. staffing companies' stocks, which rallied after President Trump's election, could rest on whether optimism over their agenda leads to sustained strength for the economy and employment.
Like other cyclical industries, staffing shares benefited from hopes that tax cuts and fiscal stimulus would boost growth and corporate earnings. Investors now want firm evidence that improving business confidence converts into a strengthening economy.
"The real key from here is that this confidence translates into orders for the staffing companies and that remains to be seen," said Chris Serra, analyst at Thrivent Asset Management. "To date, we have yet to see that in any significant way."
Shares of companies including Robert Half, True Blue and On Assignment have climbed between 15 percent and 50 percent since the Nov. 8 election, with the bulk of the gains following soon-after, as the potential for tax cuts also lifted the domestically focused industry.
"Stocks were basically signaling another recession and as soon as the election results hit, there's new life that was breathing into these staffing stocks," said Dan Dolev, analyst at Nomura Instinet.
A test of the economy's strength -- and for staffing stocks -- comes on Friday, when monthly U.S. employment data is released. New applications for unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years last week, data on Thursday showed.
Federal Reserve officials believe the economy is at or near full employment. That means a growing economy could produce only moderate benefits for staffing companies, compared with the boost they would get earlier in the business cycle.
But analysts also point to a greater-than-usual number of Americans out of the workforce, so a return to more normal levels could support hiring of temporary workers.
"While the overall unemployment rate is low, the worker participation rates also continue to be low which suggests that perhaps there are portions of the labor market that are still being underutilized," said Mark Marcon, analyst with Robert W. Baird.
Staffing companies provide access to temporary employees, although the type of job and industry varies. Robert Half specializes in accounting and finance, TrueBlue focuses on blue-collar work, while On Assignment specializes in tech jobs.
The penetration rate of temporary workers of the U.S. workforce has been rising since mid last year, accounting now for slightly over 2 percent of nonfarm payroll employment, or 2.9 million workers, according to Dolev. That rate stands at about its highest of the past three years.
"Structurally, it's become more attractive over time for companies to use temporary staffing as an alternative to full-time employees," said Eric Kuby, chief investment officer at North Star Investment Management, whose small-cap focused firm owns shares of BG Staffing.
Even if the improved business sentiment translates into real economic growth and employment gains, some investors say staffing stocks may already have seen their best days.
Looking at valuation, five top staffing firms trade on average near 15 times earnings estimates for the next year. That is similar to their five-year average and below the 22-times long-term level.
That valuation contrasts with the broad S&P 500, which trades some 20 percent above historic norms. It also signals that investors expect moderate, mid-cycle economic growth.
Baltimore-based Adams Funds bought Robert Half shares last September, said Mark Stoeckle, the firm's CEO. They sold in January after the stock had gained more than 30 percent, they said.
“The easy money had been made, and we took the opportunity to recycle that into another stock,” Stoeckle said. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Credence Research has recently issued a new market assessment report titled “Baby Hygiene Products – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2022”. The global Baby Hygiene Products Market study provides a comprehensive view of the ongoing and future phases of the Baby Hygiene Products industry based on parameters such as major commercial events, research initiatives, government guidelines, market drivers, restraints and opportunities and detailed industry segmentation and regional distribution.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/baby-hygiene-products-market
Based on geographic/regional distribution the global Baby Hygiene Products Market is studied for key regional markets focusing on the respective geographic trends and statistics, and thereby delivering market size and forecast values. The Baby Hygiene Products Market based on geographic classification is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa markets. Among these, the North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific Baby Hygiene Products Market is studied for top country-level markets. The Baby Hygiene Products industry in each individual country market is studied based on parameters such as per capita income, population, gross domestic product (GDP), status of infrastructure, purchasing power parity, etc. Technology development, industry concentration, end-user preference, and similar such grounds are also considered while estimating the market for Baby Hygiene Products. The market estimates are provided for the period 2014-2022, along with corresponding compounded annual growth rates (CAGRs) for the forecast period 2016-2022.
This report on Baby Hygiene Products Market also offers competition assessment tools such as market positioning of key players, attractive investment proposition, and Porter's Five Forces model to give the readers a view of the competitive scenario of the Baby Hygiene Products Market. The Baby Hygiene Products Market report is concluded with company profiles chapter. This section highlights major information about the key players engaged in development, manufacture, distribution and sale of Baby Hygiene Products in the international markets.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/baby-hygiene-products-market
Major extracts from the Table of Content of Baby Hygiene Products Market, 2016-2022 report:
Baby Hygiene Products Market Dynamics – Drivers, Challenges, Opportunities
Baby Hygiene Products Market Size and Forecast for the Period 2014-2022
Baby Hygiene Products Market CAGR for the Period 2016-2022
Baby Hygiene Products Market Competitive Analysis, by Key Players
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Attractive Investment Proposition, by Geography
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Key Commercial Events
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Future Prospects (upcoming product approvals)
Latest Report
Ocular Surgery Devices Market
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/ocular-surgery-devices-market
Efficient Thermal Management
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/air-management-systems-market
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 Midday' game
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the Missouri Lottery's "Pick 4 Midday" game were:
2-2-8-5
(two, two, eight, five)
April 20 UniCredit Managing Director Gianni Franco Papa tells a shareholder meeting:
* bank has lost 500 million euros through its Alitalia investment up to now
* all financing options for Alitalia on the table in line with state aid rules Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
When it comes to picking a celebrity style muse, one thing's for sure: Meghan Markle is definitely not a bad choice. The future royal's style — whether it's breaking unofficial royal fashion rules while out with fiancé Prince Harry, or twinning with Kate Middleton alongside Queen Elizabeth II — is nothing short of covetable.
They always manage to look effortless and relaxed, while still remaining polished. So, of course you can't blame us (and the rest of the internet) for wanting to cop their style, especially when we've found one of their fashion essentials available for purchase — and with a 40% off promo code, might we add.
Related: Meghan Markle Has a Genius $8 Packing Secret.
The Panama Hat
The item in question? It's none other than the Suits alumna's favorite hat she's been spotted out with vacay after vacay: a white Panama hat with a bold, black band. It's the perfect travel accessory, whether you're lounging at the beach, exploring a new city on a sunny day, or sitting in the stands at a sporting event, like, say, Wimbledon.
It's all about the hat! Meghan Markle's stunning Panama hat ft. in recent photos Where to buy and further sightings! https://t.co/TsXf8Onpav pic.twitter.com/Vn0LQtOTcz — Meghan's Mark (@meghans_mark) March 14, 2017
How to Get It on Sale
Luckily for you, we've found one at jcrew.com selling for $58 — but you can score 10% off with code NEWNEW and 40% off if you buy four or more eligible styles with the code. Um, consider it sold.
To buy: jcrew.com, $58
'Ako po ay sobrang na-disappoint kasi mismong ahensiya niyo ang nagpapahamak sa aming mga anak,' says Iris Alpay, a mother from Cavite whose daughter received the dengue vaccine
Published 12:04 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A mother of a child who received the Dengvaxia dengue vaccine is holding former health chief Janette Garin accountable for the possible health risks their daughter may face in the future.
Iris Alpay traveled all the way from Imus, Cavite ,on Monday, December 11, to testify at the Senate probe into the now-suspended dengue immunization program for public school students in the National Capital Region (NCR), Central Luzon, and Calabarzon.
Garin launched the program in April 2016 even if the World Health Organization and the Formulary Executive Council (FEC) – a panel of Filipino experts who assess which drugs should be bought and used by the government – said no to the mass use of Dengvaxia.
“Gusto ko lang po ring tanungin sa kanya kung nakakatulog pa siya nang mahimbing? Kasi kami po hindi na (I just want to ask them if they can still sleep soundly at night? Because we can't anymore),” said Alpay.
 They are one of the mothers of 830,000 students who got at least one dose of the vaccine, which manufacturer Sanofi Pasteur had said could cause a more severe case of dengue when administered on a person who had not been infected prior vaccination.
“Ako po ay sobrang nadisappoint kasi mismong ahensiya 'nyo ang nagpapahamak sa aming mga anak. You endangered the lives of our children. Sobrang disappointment ang nararamdaman ko ngayon. Sobrang galit ang nararamdaman ko ngayon,” said Alpay.
(I am disappointed because your agency put the lives of our children at risk. You endangered the lives of our children. I feel so much disappointment. I feel very angry right now.)
Alpay said their daughter got sick sick recently, prompting them to write a letter to Health Secretary Francisco Duque III. (READ: [EDITORIAL] #AnimatED: Somebody has to answer for the dengue vaccine disaster)
Duque said they called them to ask about the child's symptoms. They said they would continue monitoring the child as part of the Department of Health's 5-year surveillance of the health of all vaccinated children.
“Mukhang ‘di naman ito maiuugnay sa Dengvaxia batay sa mga sintomas na sinabi niya,” Duque said. “Pero posible pa rin.”
(It looks like we can't connect the symptoms they mentioned to Dengvaxia. But it's still possible.)
Alpay asked if parents of children who would later get sick of dengue can be sent to private hospitals, as government hospitals are sometimes far from their homes.
Duque said yes, as the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation is ready to cover P16,000 in medical expenses of a child to be hospitalized due to dengue.
Fast approval, questionable timing
During the Senate hearing, Senate blue ribbon committee chairperson Richard Gordon presented a timeline of the dengue vaccination program's approval and implementation.
They noted that it was “too fast,” because even FEC members said the program was “premature.” At the time, clinical studies on the safety, efficacy, and cost-effectives of Dengvaxia have not been completed. An economist also said the price of the vaccine at P1,000 per dose was “too much.”
Garin's predecessor, Paulyn Ubial, said the timing of the vaccination program's launch – a month before the 2016 presidential polls – was questionable. Gordon also hinted at a possible “conspiracy,” one that may possibly be traced up to then-president Benigno Aquino III and even former budget chief Florencio Abad.
Gordon grilled Philippine Children's Medical Center executive director Julius Lecciones, who was instructed by Garin to purchase 3 million doses of Dengvaxia amounting to P3 billion.
But Garin maintained the program was safe based on available studies then. They said they wanted to make the vaccine available even to the poor.
They also said the dengue vaccination program was “not a midnight deal” and denied any corruption was behind the procurement of Dengvaxia. Garin left the hearing at 2 pm for an acute appendicitis operation.
Sanofi Asia Pacific head Thomas Triomphe also told senators it would be a “disservice to the Filipino people” if the immunization program would be permanently stopped.
On Wednesday, December 13, the House of Representatives will reopen its own probe into the matter. The Senate will continue its investigation on Thursday, December 14. – Rappler.com
Parks Canada and BC Wildfire Service fire crews, are currently conducting tree clearing and brushing in Mount Revelstoke National Park.
Woody debris from this work is being piled up and will be burned on site.
Brush pile burning will take place in June, if weather and burning conditions permit, in the area between Inspiration Woods and the Revelstoke Lookout.
Though brush piles will be lit, as conditions permit good venting to minimize smoke in the area, intermittent smoke may be visible along the base of Mt. Revelstoke.
Through safe and effective fire management, Parks Canada is reducing the danger of wildfire to the public, infrastructure, and neighbouring lands while improving the ecological integrity of our forests.
This work contributes to wildfire risk reduction actions taking place in and around the Revelstoke area by reducing forest fuels along the base of the mountain.
RELATED: Prescribed burns an important part of fire prevention for Southeast Fire Centre
Parks Canada has also completed extensive planning and preparations for a prescribed fire in Mount Revelstoke National Park.
The goal of this fire, the Parkway Bend Prescribed Fire, is to create a landscape level fuel break limiting the potential spread of wildfire on the front face of Mont Revelstoke.
The Parkway Bend prescribed fire is planned for fall 2018 at the earliest.
Fire specialists will only ignite under pre-determined conditions to ensure a well-managed, successful prescribed fire.
The safety of the public, our crews, park infrastructure, and neighbouring lands is always their number one priority.
From the City of Havre de Grace:
Havre de Grace Independence Day Commission calling on all local active duty, reserves, and retired veterans to serve in Havre de Grace's 2017 Hometown Heroes Independence Day Parade.
The 2017 Havre de Grace Independence Day Commission is asking for all local active duty, reserves, and retired veterans to serve in this year's Hometown Heroes Independence Day Parade to be held on Sunday, July 2, 2017.
Earlier this year, the commission announced the upcoming Independence Day parade will be dedicated to local hometown heroes. During the announcement, the commission appointed hometown hero Nobel Mentzer to the position of parade Grand Marshal.
“Mr. Noble Mentzer is the epitome of everything our community, and our Independence Day parade represents,” said parade chairperson Taryn Martin. “We would also like to invite all local active duty, reserves, and retired veterans to serve with Mr. Mentzer by leading the parade on our hometown hero float.”
Any and all local active duty, reserves, and retired veterans interested in serving in this year's Hometown Hero Parade are asked to call the Havre de Grace Visitor Center at 410-939-2100.
The Havre de Grace Hometown Heroes Independence Day Celebration will begin on Saturday, July 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m with the Weedon-Elliott VFW 8126 Hometown Heroes Breakfast held at the Havre de Grace Community Center at 100 Lagaret Lane. Tickets cost $8.00 and are available at the Havre de Grace Visitor Center. The following day, Sunday July 2nd, the 2017 Hometown Heroes Independence Day Parade will start at 2:00 p.m, followed by the downtown block party at 4:00 p.m. At 7:00 p.m., The Amish Outlaws will perform a free live concert under the tent at Hutchins Park. Proceeds from refreshment sales will benefit the Havre de Grace American Legion Joseph L. Davis Post 47. The Independence Day Celebration will conclude with the Havre de Grace Fireworks display, which will start at approximately 9:15 p.m.; fireworks will be launched for the first time this year from a barge located off of Concord Point and will be visible throughout the City.
Anyone interested in volunteering or participating in the 2017 Hometown Heroes Independence celebration, please visit havredegracejuly4.org/application.
The river ship industry is growing by leaps and bounds with companies regularly announcing the upcoming launch of new ships. Fifteen new river cruise ships will be christened in 2018 with plans for more than that in the works for 2019. While most of the expansion is taking place on the main rivers of Europe, more and more plans are in place to build customized river “ships” to sail on rivers worldwide. In addition to the European rivers, exotic itineraries are available in Africa, Vietnam and Cambodia, and the Nile. American Cruise Lines is set to bring modern riverboats to U.S. rivers — as opposed to the more traditional paddlewheel.
Just about every river cruise line is also working to improve its excursion choices, focusing on activities that either keep passengers active with biking, hiking or canoeing or in-depth experiences, like culinary tours or music-intensive tours. Theme programming remains popular, wellness and gardening joining wine, art, Jewish heritage and more.
Avalon Waterways, famous for its panoramic French balconies that guarantee great views of the river, is expanding its Active Discovery cruises on the Rhine in 2018. New theme cruises include sailing on the Dutch waterways for gardening enthusiasts, and a sold-out author cruise with “Outlander“ writer, Diana Gabaldon. Their sister company provides choices in pre- and post-cruise city stays that are personalized for the traveler.
In 2018, Tauck will be completing the refurbishment of its older ships, making almost every cabin larger, reducing the number of passengers and adding an alternative restaurant. Other updates include adding more active choices to its shore excursions, giving passengers the opportunity to kayak or bike. Additionally, the line is adding more enhanced tours, such as a pre-opening to Versailles, an after-hours tour of the Louvre or lunch at the Alain Ducasse restaurant on the premises, Oro. Tauck includes everything in the price.
While none of the company's signature Longships are coming out this year, Viking is making a renewed push into Egypt with Viking Ra. Viking has offered Nile cruises for numerous years, but they have taken place on chartered vessels. Viking is also expanding its active excursions and adding for-fee options such as bike and e-bike tours and canoeing.
Uniworld is introducing a “millennial” line, U by Uniworld for the ages 21 to 45 years. The vessel has been re-done with black interiors, revamped décor inside, a few triple cabins for friends who want to travel together, a craft cocktail bar and rooftop lounges. The shoreside experience is also different, focusing on late-night trips to nightclubs and bars and interesting excursions such as a roof-top tour of Paris. Uniworld itself is refurbishing its older ship into a “super ship.” The bow to stern redo will add new suites, including an Owners Suite, and several connecting cabins suitable for families.
Launching in Spring 2018, AmaLea will be the next in the series of dual balcony river ships from AmaWaterways with connecting cabins for groups or families traveling together. Also new for 2018 is the line's Sip and Sail cocktail hour, with includes soft drinks, beer and wine, and spirits. AmaWaterways is also expanding its wellness theme cruise to six vessels. They will have healthy dining options, active excursions and fitness classes on board. Finally, the line is continuing to court new river cruisers with wine theme sailings — a culinary cruise with PBS star Joanne Weir and itineraries for Spanish-speaking passengers. Disney has even contracted with AmaWaterways to use its vessels for eight Adventure by Disney river cruises.
I find that the same river cruise companies are all focusing on the same things … working to give the passenger an all-inclusive, cultural-rich cruise with something for everyone while enjoying the food and the sights of the region. Sounds like a great way to spend your vacation to me!
http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/02/web1_MARCI-DEWITT.jpg
By Marci DeWitt Contributing Columnist
Marci DeWitt owns a local travel agency, Anchor and Away Travel, a Dream Vacations franchise. They can be reached by email at mdewitt@DreamVacations.com.
Marci DeWitt owns a local travel agency, Anchor and Away Travel, a Dream Vacations franchise. They can be reached by email at mdewitt@DreamVacations.com.
March 29 Great Portland Estates Plc:
* Refinances in the US private placement market
* Raised 175 mln pounds through issue of new seven year US private placement notes
* Sterling denominated unsecured debt has a fixed rate coupon of 2.15 pct(representing a margin of 125bp over relevant gilt)
* New issue priced on Feb. 22, signed on March 28 and will close with funds drawn on May 22
* New notes were placed with eight institutional investors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
BEIRUT The Russian-backed Syrian army has recaptured 16 villages lost to insurgents last week near the city of Hama, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported on Friday.
Syrian government forces have been counter-attacking in the area that is of critical importance to President Bashar al-Assad. The rebel assault has been spearheaded by Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadist groups including al Qaeda's former affiliate in the Syrian war, the Nusra Front.
Free Syrian Army rebel groups are also taking part.
(Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Alison Williams)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Walter Investment Management Corp:
* . ANNOUNCES CEO TRANSITION PLAN
* SAYS CEO AND PRESIDENT ANTHONY N. RENZI RESIGNED
* EXPECTS TO RETAIN EXECUTIVE SEARCH FIRM TO IDENTIFY, EVALUATE INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL CANDIDATES TO SUCCEED RENZI Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Bill Belichick's impressive resume makes it easy for the five-time championship head coach to mandate that players check their egos before joining the New England Patriots.
Doug Pederson didn't have a hard sell, either.
The Philadelphia Eagles are an unselfish group that prioritizes winning over personal accomplishments. It's a major reason why the Eagles (15-3) are playing the Patriots (15-3) in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
"It's a group that doesn't really care who gets the ball. The bottom line is trying to win the game," Pederson said. "I didn't have to sell it too much."
Pederson was 7-9 last year in their rookie season as head coach but has guided the Eagles from worst to first in search of the franchise's first NFL title since 1960. They found a way to blend a young locker room with a mix of accomplished veterans.
The team added veteran receivers Alshon Jeffrey and Torrey Smith, running backs LeGarrette Blount and Jay Ajayi, defensive linemen Chris Long and Tim Jernigan and defensive backs Ronald Darby, Patrick Robinson and Corey Graham.
"I can remember this team showing up in April and talking about being at this place, talking about our dreams, aspirations and focusing on a grind," safety Malcolm Jenkins said.
"Guys being unselfish, adding guys along the way that added to the team and continued to push, and every time we won and had some success — we even had some adversity — the team believed more and more. It's been awesome to be a part of."
Blount led the NFL with 18 touchdowns rushing and earned their second Super Bowl ring last season in New England. They didn't get a carry in a loss at Kansas City in Week 2 and never complained. Same with Jeffery, who went from No. 1 receiver in Chicago to being one of the guys in Philadelphia.
"We couldn't care less how many catches or how many carries or how many yards any one guy has," Blount said. "We all have one common goal in hand. We all have one thing that we all want more than anything. You can't be selfish when everybody has one common goal because you have to make sacrifices for the best of the team. We've done that and it's gotten us this far."
A former police officer who admitted sending inappropriate texts to a 13-year-old girl and was twice acquitted of sexual violation charges has failed in their bid to become a lawyer.
Ethan James Brown, 27, was found not guilty of sexual violation accusations against two women in 2012.
After the verdicts, police launched an employment investigation into Brown, who later resigned. They then went on to study criminal law.
Last week, before Justice Edwin Wylie in the High Court at Auckland, the New Zealand Law Society (NZLS), which declined Brown a certificate of character, accused the former constable of misleading it over the police investigation and text messages they sent to a young girl in November 2012.
Advertisement
Brown, who has been employed by the Public Defence Service (PDS) since January 2017, denied the allegation of misleading the society as they sought admission as a barrister.
Today, Justice Wylie released their decision - they declined Brown's application.
"Mr Brown has not satisfied me that they are a fit and proper person to be admitted as a barrister and solicitor of this court," Justice Wylie said.
"Had Mr Brown been more open in their disclosures to their employer, the police and the society, I would have been prepared to accept that their character has reformed and that they have put the frailties of their past behind him.
"However, I am not persuaded that Mr Brown has been as candid as they should have been in their disclosures, or that even yet they fully appreciate how inappropriate their conduct was in 2010."
Brown's criminal charges stemmed from an alleged incident with a 20-year-old woman in late January 2010.
The woman said Brown held them down and sexually violated them at their home. Brown said the incident never occurred.
A month before they were acquitted of that charge they were also found not guilty of one charge of sexual violation, attempted sexual violation and two counts of indecent assault against an 18-year-old woman they met on Facebook.
Brown again said the incident never happened.
"In my judgment, Mr Brown has sought to minimise the events of 2010," Justice Wylie said in their written decision today.
"There is reason to doubt whether they have fully reformed and whether their earlier frailties in their dealings with young women are yet spent."
The court heard last week that there have been 13 female complainants making allegations against Brown.
Brown had sent an email to the NZLS last year about their application for admission, to which the NZLS said it first needed to know of the findings of the police's disciplinary matter.
Brown replied to the NZLS: "I did not have any disciplinary matter with my former employer and I was not disciplined."
They told the court they were subject to an employment investigation but not a disciplinary matter and resigned from the police before any disciplinary action was taken.
Brown also failed to disclose to the NZLS the truth about a series of texts to a 13-year-old girl.
They admitted exchanging messages with the teen but told the NZLS they thought they were older than 16 at the time.
However, Brown accepted during the court hearing that they "must have known after reading those text messages" that the woman was under 16, whom they had also met in an Auckland mall.
In the texts, Brown asked the teen for their name and age.
"I'm 13 'till March, with a little sad face symbol," the teen replied to Brown's request.
"Sweet, all good eh – how was your day anyway?" Brown texted back.
"Haha it was pretty boring, my Nan dragged me around the mall," said the teen.
In an affidavit, Brown also claimed: "It's hard to remember exactly what was in my mind at the time, I thought they were over 16 at the time because they told me ... They looked over 13 when I met them at the mall."
Brown explained several times to the court that they were "disgusted" in themselves but denied they were promoting a sexual relationship with the teen.
Counsel for the NZLS Paul Collins suggested the texts were "essentially a sexual grooming encounter".
Further details in the messages were suppressed.
A second series of texts to another young woman occurred while Brown was on duty as a police officer, but they denied the claim they had taken the woman back to their house and had a sexual interaction.
"I know how serious things are and how serious things were," they said.
"I'm ashamed of the whole lot ... I'm not a predator."
There are complaints that the transportation allowance granted by the DSWD is not enough, especially to those travelling to places far from Boracay
Published 10:53 PM, April 24, 2018
AKLAN, Philippines – As residents availing of financial assistance flood government centers, some still point out that it is still not enough.
The Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) started giving out transportation allowances to residents of Boracay who have to return to different hometowns starting Monday, April 23. The request for assistance range from P1,000 to P5,000 per individual.
But some complained that the transportation allowance granted by the DSWD is not enough, especially to those travelling far from the island. (READ: LIST: New Boracay rules during 6-month closure)
Omaima Magarang, 45, owns a family-ran souvenir shop in Station 3. Magarang hails from Marawi City – now reduced to rubble due to the war.
With the promise of transportation aid, they said that she'd rather take it than be stuck in an island without a steady revenue. But what they would get could not even buy them a ferry ticket to Marawi.
"It's not enough. We are 6 in the family. They gave me P2,100 but during the interview I was told I can receive around P1,000 more. But it can't buy us ferry tickets," Magarang told Rappler in a mix of English and Filipino.
According to her, one 2GO ferry ticket used to range around P1,500 to P1,700. "Now it's almost P3,000 per ticket coming from Boracay," they said, blaming the untimely closure of the island for the spike in fares.
Magarang's only hope is for rehabilitation works to finish early, so that they can come back and reopen their shop. (READ: Less than a week to go: Boracay braces for 6-month closure)
"I really hope that Boracay opens earlier. We will only keep our stocks as we can't sell it anywhere else. I hope it's still in good condition to be sold when the island reopens. We could only make ends meet because of our earnings," they said.
Allowances
DSWD Aklan operations center head Joey Urquiola told Rappler in an interview that transportation allowance is dependent on how far the resident has to travel from Boracay.
"There was a resident complaining earlier that we only gave them P500 as they expected to receive P5,000. But they lived near the island. That's why we conduct interviews so we can allocate funds to others who will be needing it," Urquiola told Rappler in Filipino.
They added that the transportation allowance provided already included a meal allowance too.
In the two days they have been operating, they had attended to a couple of residents who complained that the assistance was not enough.
But Urquiola also pointed out that they lacked funds, as they are currently operating with their regular budget for the year.
"We are currently operating on regular funds because there is no proclamation yet. The proclamation would've allowed us to tap on calamity funds. It would address lack of manpower here at the operations center," they said.
According to the operations head, they had processed some 1,500 residents asking for assistance on Monday, out of the 17,735 formal workers, 2,005 informal workers, and 1,117 members of cooperatives profiled.
They said they expect a surge in the applications for financial aid when Boracay closes on April 26.
Malacañang earlier downplayed the absence of a written Boracay closure order, an executive order on the closing down of the island and a proclamation of a state of calamity.
Declaring Boracay under a state of calamity would allow the government to disburse around P2 billion from the country's calamity fund, which government agencies need to fund operations during the closure.
The country's economy is estimated to lose a total of P1.96 billion during the 6-month closure, with Western Visayas bearing the brunt according to Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia. – Rappler.com
"With the healing foundation, I think it is a start to where us as plaintiffs can go and attack the addiction problem with a different perspective," said Stewart Garnett, who was taken from Winnipeg, Man., as a baby and placed in California.
"The loss of culture, the loss of language, it has dragged with me my whole life."
The federal government has also earmarked $75 million for legal fees. The compensation money will go to individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
The '60s Scoop was a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said.
"Their stories are heartbreaking," Bennett said. "They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home."
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, they added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
"We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," they said.
The agreement is a "first step" in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, they said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
Anna Betty Achneepineskum, deputy grand chief Nishnawbe Aski Nation — an umbrella organization representing 49 communities in northern Ontario — said Friday they are pleased to see the government has "finally been held accountable" for the devastating legacy of the '60s Scoop.
"Nothing can compensate for their lost childhood and connection to their culture, but we pray this settlement will help the plaintiffs and all Canadians on the journey towards healing and reconciliation," they said in a statement.
The agreement in principle announced by the government is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop, in which at-risk, on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting them and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of their lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
The Canadian Press
Manchester City 2 Burnley 1
This hard-fought win left lingering uncertainty over just how good are Pep Guardiola's Manchester City. There was little of the pass-and-move play the manager yearns for and though victory is the bottom line no hard evidence exists to show City will secure a Champions League place, never mind the title.
With Ilkay Gündogan out for the season Guardiola could ill-afford to lose another midfielder. Yet off went Fernandinho in the first half for a second Premier League red card (and third in all) to rule them out for four games, this taking City's tally to seven dismissals.
City were gifted the ideal moment to blow away the defeat at Liverpool during the first exchanges. A poor pass from Ben Mee ceded possession and suddenly Kelechi Iheanacho was in on Tom Heaton's goal. The goalkeeper smothered the Nigerian's shot and when the ball travelled to Yaya Touré they might have taken aim. Instead, they passed to Raheem Sterling and when the forward let fly Heaton once more saved Burnley.
Seconds later Touré easily turned the Burnley defence and slipped in Iheanacho but Michael Keane made the block when Iheanacho finally tried a shot.
Kevin De Bruyne then fired at George Boyd and this became City's tale: a series of letdowns near Burnley's goal. When Sterling led a breakaway following a rare Burnley corner their pace took them deep into away territory. Yet after the ball went to Jesús Navas the Spaniard's left-foot cross lack conviction.
Navas was one of four changes Guardiola made for the match. They dropped David Silva, John Stones, Sergio Agüero and Pablo Zabaleta and in came Iheanacho, Bacary Sagna and Gaël Clichy.
Fernandinho was sent off in the 32nd minute after they tackled Johann Berg Gudmundsson with both feet raised and was shown the red card.
ADVERTISEMENT
It seemed the correct decision. From this point City became more ragged. The first half ended with Aleksandar Kolarov, De Bruyne and Sterling all having been outmuscled. Only Touré had been an asset against a Burnley side who offered scant threat.
Guardiola may have fired a few rockets at their side during the interval. They also admitted their mistake in selecting Navas and Iheanacho as on came Agüero and Silva. City failed to capitalise on a dangerous De Bruyne free-kick that dipped in from the right. The manager had implored the City crowd to make more noise but after a brief increase in volume they became just as passive as their team.
If the idea of introducing Silva was to increase the tempo there was an early sign it may work. Their interplay with the under-par De Bruyne led to the ball being under Aguero's feet in the area but Stephen Ward cleared. Now, though, came the opener. Sagna floated in the ball from the right. This went clear across the area to Clichy. After a shimmy the left-back let go with their right foot and scored only the third goal of their City career.
Four more later the lead was doubled. De Bruyne raced forward and delivered their best pass of the match. Sterling received and advanced on Heaton. The forward fell over, which allowed Heaton to stab at the ball but it went to Agüero and their shot pin-balled off a post and Matthew Lowton's arm to make it 2-0.
The goal took Agüero to 17 for the season and to third on the list for the club, equal with Colin Bell's 153 strikes.
At this point City may have coasted home. Instead Burnley pulled one back. Claudio Bravo flapped at a corner and from the ensuing melee Mee forced the ball home – marginally, goalline technology showed. City were not happy and surrounded the assistant referee Ian Hussin and Mason, which led to Sagna's booking.
Keane went close for Burnley but City clung on. However, Guardiola must be concerned at precisely where they go from here.
(Guardian servcie)
EMBATTLED Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa, battling for survival on politically shifting sands, has come out guns blazing in their response to Higher Education minister Jonathan Moyo's video-documentary dossier presented in the politburo on July 19 accusing them of plotting to oust President Robert Mugabe to secure their ascendancy.
By Owen Gagare
In an 85-page report, delivered to Mugabe last month and exclusively obtained by the Zimbabwe Independent from the vice-president's political network, Mnangagwa made a series of allegations, claims and assertions against Moyo and their key G40 allies, including Vice-President Phelekezela Mphoko and Zanu PF political commissar Saviour Kasukuwere. They claimed they are the ones plotting to remove the president, not him. They said they are resolutely loyal to Mugabe.
Mnangagwa is leading a Zanu PF faction fighting with the G40 group, coalesced around First Lady Grace Mugabe, in a protracted succession war. Mphoko, Moyo and Kasukuwere are key G40 members.
In their politburo presentation, Moyo portrayed the vice-president as a cruel, corrupt and power-hungry leader systematically trying to usurp power from Mugabe.
In response, Mnangagwa said Moyo was the plotter and a United States Central Intelligence Agency agent who has infiltrated the party to destroy it from within. They said apart from their G40 allies, Moyo was working in cahoots with US diplomats, western embassy officials and opposition leaders against Zanu PF. Mnangagwa also said Moyo was working with former Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor Gideon Gono, MDC-T vice-president Nelson Chamisa and Sapes Trust boss Ibbo Mandaza on their succession project. Former MDC-T leader Morgn Tsvangirai's advisor Alex Magaisa was also accused of dabbling in Mugabe's succession.
The vice-president accused Moyo of recording politburo sessions and government meetings for Western embassies. They said even the July 19 politburo meeting was recorded. “I can tell you Your Excellency, the same presentation, including audio recordings of discussions of the last politburo meeting done by Professor Moyo, were delivered to Western embassies by their right hand man Edmund Kudzayi . . .,” they say.
“On August 3 2017, the United States embassy senior management and its intelligence operatives met and discussed issues that we deliberated on here using a recording they have confirmed was made by Professor Moyo. Their decision to distribute the proceedings of the meeting confirms who their handlers are and their not-so-hidden intentions insofar as their project to destroy Zanu PF from within is concerned.”
Mnangagwa challenged Moyo “to confirm or deny” the charge.
“Your Excellency, I put it to you that even American Ambassador Harry Thomas, and their colleagues can confirm what I have just said,” writes Mnangagwa.
Asked to respond to allegations that Moyo was a CIA spy and was supplying the US embassy with information, David McGuire, embassy spokesperson, said: “In their day-to-day work, embassy staff meet and talk with individuals from across the whole of Zimbabwe's social, political and cultural spectrum to help forge and maintain the best possible bilateral ties. The United States government supports democratic processes. We do not support nor fund individuals or political parties. Zimbabwe's political discourse and decisions about its future are a matter for Zimbabweans.”
Mnangagwa said Moyo, Gono, Mandaza and Kasukuwere were running a succession project using their name to mask their plot. They said Moyo and their allies want Gono to be the next president.
“Professor Moyo has been luring Dr Gono, telling them that they will make them the country's next president and I can tell you that there was a picture which circulated in the media, where Professor Moyo was standing together with former advisor to Morgan Tsvangirai, Dr Alex Magaisa and Cde Kasukuwere at the Plot Restaurant (in Borrowdale),” Mnangagwa says.
“Dr Gono was also present, but they refused to be part of the picture crew, and this has been confirmed by Dr Alex Magaisa, as well as their female companion, who is well-known to Professor Moyo and who happened to have accompanied them for coffee at that restaurant.”
Gono, now chairperson of the Special Economic Zones Authority (Seza), laughed when asked about the alleged succession project and the Borrowdale meeting, saying: “In keeping with my upbringing, I respect all members of my party Zanu PF and I do not punch above my weight in thought, word or deed. It would be out of line and protocol if I was to shame the source of that report and my seniors by rubbishing the assertions you allege to be contained in the so-called report by the VP as I'm not aware of the alleged meeting to discuss such delicate matters.
“The authors of the report, if indeed it exists, should go back to their sources and check their facts. Their real enemies are their sources, no one else. In my job as Seza chairperson, I meet a lot of people from across the political divide. Finally, I'm on record as saying that I do not belong to any faction and that I stand by my President till death do us apart. Any talk of or around succeeding them before their time is out of bounce for me and can only be promoted by those who do not know the party constitution and what it says in respect thereof. Fortunately I'm not one of those who do not know.”
Magaisa said they have never attended a Zanu PF succession meeting.
“I went to a restaurant with two friends for breakfast. We exchanged greetings with fellow Zimbabweans who were also there and a picture was taken upon request. I saw no problem with it as I get pictures taken many times with readers of the Big Saturday Read, my law and politics blog,” they said.
“That much has been and is being made of that picture demonstrates a real serious shortcoming in the intelligence of those who are making a mountain out of a molehill.”
Mnangagwa also said Moyo's presentation at Sapes Trust on June 1, where they made suggestions Defence minister Sydney Sekeramayi was a better candidate to succeed Mugabe than Mnangagwa, pointed to “a sinister joining of minds between Moyo and Mandaza”, who has been pushing for a National Transitional Authority.
Mandaza said they would only comment after reading Mnangagwa's report.
“The idea then is to talk about succession outside the party domain and then smuggle it in as is happening now,” says Mnangagwa. “This brings us to the question, who are the real successionists in Zanu PF? The real successionist is Professor Moyo who is ably supported by Vice-President Phelekezela Mphoko and Cde Kasukuwere here.
“I ask VP Mphoko if they have ever given Their Excellency minutes of the numerous meetings they hold at Number 4 Coffee Road (Mphoko's official residence). Their aides can confirm spending loads of time waiting for these men to finish their meetings, which in most cases run into the wee hours of the night.”
Mnangagwa further claimed Moyo and Kasukuwere formed militia groups and tried to hire Jim Kunaka to attack rivals and had links with MDC-T, particularly with Chamisa. “Together they have formed an alliance with their collaborators within the MDC-T and their thrust as the progressive elements, they say they are is to remove the older generation surrounding you through means outside normal processes,” Mnangagwa says.
“Nelson Chamisa confided with one of their friends that their plan is to, among other things, cause the purge of the party's senior leadership, one by one in order to create a free pathway for them to power. In Chamisa's own words ‘we need to deal with Their Excellency in order to determine the future of Zanu PF'.”
Mnangagwa alleged Moyo and Kasukuwere have also been trying to seize control of the army.
“Their plan has revolved around systematically eliminating the war veteran element within the military establishment since they are aware of the unbreakable bond that exists between the army and Zanu PF,” they say.
“The very people who have stood with the President since the liberation war days are the ones now being accused by those who deserted of orchestrating a coup d'etat against the very person they have loyally served for over four decades.”
Mnangagwa claimed in March 2016, a G40 allay, Rodney Dangarembizi, approached Major-General Trust Mugova trying to recruit them into their fold.
“Dangarembizi, who was a previous acquaintance of Major-General Mugova, was sent specifically to dangle a carrot to them to join the gang with the promise that they would be appointed Commander Defence Forces,” the vice-president says.
They said Moyo and their associates had also tried to drive a wedge between Mugabe and army generals by peddling falsehoods of an imminent coup. “On July 5 2016, while you were out of the country, Professor Moyo concocted a story that their cousin Major Nkosana Moyo who is with the Presidential Guard informed you of a planned coup by the army and ‘install me as the country's new leader',” Mnangagwa says. “You specifically cited (Brigadier)-General (Anselem) Sanyatwe as the brains behind the alleged coup d'etat.”
The vice-president said Moyo had also assembled a team of journalists to promote their succession project. They said former Sunday Mail editor Kudzayi, whom they insisted worked on the Baba Jukwa project with Moyo, and ex-Chronicle editor Mduduzi Mathuthu produced the video-documentary presented to the politburo.
They also said Moyo was also working closely with three reporters from the NewsDay and Daily News newspapers. They claim one of the reporters was paid US$9 000 to do some G40 hatchet job.
Mnangagwa also said Moyo has never liked Mugabe and Zanu PF. They produced and quoted a series of their past articles when they were outside the party to support that.
On Kasukuwere, they also suggested they were a spy working closely with the former Charge D'Affairs at the European Union delegation in Zimbabwe, Carl Skau, now Alternate Representative of Sweden to the United Nations. Mnangagwa said although they have been accused of interfering in the work of the Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission, it was G40 officials, particularly Mphoko, Moyo and Kasukuwere, who were meddling in its affairs. They alleged Kasukuwere tried to bribe Goodson Nguni to drop Zimdef corruption allegations against Moyo.
“The national commissar here on January 4, 2017, invited Nguni for lunch at Paula's Restaurant at corner Samora Machel and Glenara Road,” they say. “I challenge Cde Kasukuwere to confirm that they offered Nguni US$20 000 which was dangled by one of your colleagues at the meeting including real estate in Borrowdale,” writes Mnangagwa.
The vice-presidents also said Kasukuwere has been trying to recruit expelled party members using money and stands. They said former war veterans leader Jabulani Sibanda had been ecocashed money and booked at Meikles Hotel by G40 to talks to come back to Zanu PF. Mnangagwa said Kasukuwere and Moyo had also approached the president of the Chiefs Council Fortune Charumbira to join them to fight Mnangagwa.
They also said Kasukuwere invited their allies to their Borrowdale home soon after their return from the United Nations Conference on Disaster and Risk Reduction in Mexico to tell them that Mugabe had ordered that they should “go after me.”
“(Rushinga MP Wonder) Mashange tells anyone who cares to listen that it was you Your Excellency who directed that Moyo should address the Sapes Dialogue where they discussed the succession issue, throwing Dr Sekeramayi's name,” Mnangagwa says.
The report also contains a series of further allegations against many other people.
A sign which indicates the railway stations of the RER D (suburban rapid transit) train line is seen at the Gare de Lyon railway station in Paris, France, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Commuters wait for their RER D (suburban rapid transit) train on a platform at the Gare de Lyon railway station in Paris, France, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
A view shows the rue Cremieux, a pedestrian street near the Gare de Lyon train station at night in Paris, France, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Frantz Chipan, 37, school educator, poses on a plaftorm at Malesherbes railway station, central France, March 23, 2017. 'Je suis Marine. I want change and I'm not afraid of it,' Chipan said. “My children, my family, they all think the same.' Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Commuters waiting for their train on a platform at the Maisons-Alfort Alfortville railway station are seen from a window of a RER D (suburban rapid transit) train during a train journey in the southeastern suburb of Paris, France, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Suburban houses are seen from a window of a RER D (suburban rapid transit) train between Ballancourt and La Ferte-Alais railway stations during a train journey in the southeastern suburb of Paris, France, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Traffic on the Paris ring road and train tracks are seen from a window of a RER D (suburban rapid transit) train between Gare de Lyon and Maisons-Alfort railway stations during a train journey in the southeastern suburb of Paris, France, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
A general view shows the clock tower of the Gare de Lyon train station at night from the Pont Charles de Gaulle bridge in Paris, France, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Commuters wait for their RER D (suburban rapid transit) train on a platform at the Gare de Lyon railway station in Paris, France, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS/MALESHERBES, France A 90-minute train ride from the Gare de Lyon station in Paris traces a political gulf between big-city voters and the rest, a divide that has shaken up Britain and the United States and has an outside chance of doing the same in France's upcoming vote.
The further you go, the greater the support for the anti-immigrant, anti-Europe National Front (FN), judging by interviews with people living on the RER D commuter line and results from the most recent election, a regional poll in 2015.
At the Gare de Lyon, 32-year-old stage production manager Victor Leclere likes their multicultural neighbourhood in the heart of the capital. With the presidential election just weeks away, they fear the popularity of the FN.
"We're used to living all together," they said as they boarded a train, a former Socialist voter now undecided. "I think it's worrying, the image portrayed by the National Front, as if France wasn't the multicultural country it already is."
Villeneuve-Saint-Georges is just 19 minutes from Paris but with concrete blocks and highways a world away from the stone buildings and avenues of the centre of the capital.
Lucien Ngando, 30, an IT support technician of Congolese descent, said they could well back Le Pen this time. They were angry with what they described as media bias favouring centrist Emmanuel Macron, whom pollsters see winning a presidential run-off vote in May against FN leader Marine Le Pen.
"She's been demonised, ostracised, but I don't think the FN is a bad party, we should give them a chance to change things in France," they said on the RER D platform. Ngando voted for Socialist Francois Hollande in 2012.
They said Le Pen and left-wing firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon spent more time campaigning outside the capital than the other frontrunners, Macron and conservative Francois Fillon, and understood suburban dwellers better.
Infographic ID: '2obpOx8'
WINNERS AND LOSERS
Opinion polls predict Le Pen may possibly win the first round of the presidential election on April 23 but will lose the second round on May 7 against either of their main rivals.
The chances of a shock like the Brexit vote in Britain or Donald Trump's victory in the United States depend on people living beyond the main cities, all of which showed relatively low FN votes in 2015 with numbers climbing further out.
In Paris, the FN won nearly 10 percent of the vote in the regional election's first round, while in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, a suburb of 32,000 it was almost 29 percent. Second round figures showed a similar pattern.
Not all voters interviewed in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges said they would back Le Pen, but distance from politicians and disgust with a campaign dominated by scandals was keenly felt in a place where unemployment is more than 50 percent above the national average.
"Politicians never come here. We see them on TV, in Paris of course, because it's not like the suburbs, but in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges? No... We count for nothing," said 43-year-old stay-at-home mother of eight Isabelle Cauchard.
Just under 30 percent of voters live in city centres while over a third live in suburbs like Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, one in four in rural areas and under one in 10 in medium-sized towns, the INSEE statistics office says.
Within 10 km of Paris, the FN attracted 14 percent of votes on average in the regional election, while it got almost 30 percent in a radius of 20-30 km and 39 percent in the 70-80 km range, a study by Ifop pollsters showed.
"It's a divide between the winners and losers of globalisation ... In the outskirts, the depressed former industrial bastions, rural enclaves, people feel left on the side of the road, isolated," Ifop's Jerome Fourquet said.
"Marine Le Pen has understood this very well."
Wallerand de Saint Just, FN head for the broader Paris region, has noticed the difference during the campaign.
"There are a lot of street markets in Paris where they're not giving us a nice welcome at all," they said. "But in rural towns they welcome us with open arms."
In the picturesque town of Malesherbes, 75 km from Paris, 33-year-old Olivia Berthaut is tempted to back Le Pen for president, seeing them as the only candidate who cares about small-town voters.
The FN got more than 42 percent of the vote in the regional election's first round in Malesherbes, a town of about 6,000 set amid fields and forests at the end of one branch of the RER D.
Berthaut, is a job seeker who moved there for cheaper living costs. They have previously voted for mainstream right candidates but now says the only other option is an empty envelope in the ballot box.
They said Le Pen understood the problems of rural areas better than others, listing concerns including difficulties getting a doctor's appointment, poor Internet service and plans to scrap the RER D, the only direct train to Paris.
Le Pen has made the fight for ordinary workers against "globalists" a key theme, presenting themselves as their shield against financial markets and European legislators.
That was the attraction for Frantz Chipan, a 37-year old school social worker who used to vote centre-right.
"I am 'Marine'," they said as they stepped off the train in Malesherbes. "I can identify with their thinking, with what they say, I feel more protected."
Infographic ID: '2jLwO20'
(Editing by Adrian Croft, Andrew Callus and Philippa Fletcher)
Rangeview is hoping to use its depth to win the EMAC Championship girls swim meet for the first time. Sophomore Jasmine Johnson, second from left, is a two-event returning champion going into this season's meet, which runs Feb. 2-3, 2018, at the Veterans' Memorial Aquatic Center in Thornton. (Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel)
AURORA | With just a week to go until the Class 5A state champion meet, Aurora girls swimmers compete at a variety of league championships meets.
Not all city programs approach league championships the same way or have swimmers in their usual events, but all will try to put on a strong final showing against teams they competed with all season long.
Regis Jesuit already has a slew of qualifying times for the 5A state meet that runs Feb. 8-10 at the Edora Pool & Ice Center in Fort Collins, but coach Nick Frasersmith could always use more as the Raiders hope to improve on last season's fourth-place showing.
The Continental “A” League meet has typically yielded eight to 10 more state qualifiying times/scores for Regis Jesuit, which competes in prelims at 4:30 p.m. Friday at Heritage High School and finals at 2 p.m. Saturday in the same pool.
The Raiders finished third behind Rock Canyon and Heritage at the meet last season.
The Centennial “A” League meet is set for Arapahoe High School with prelims at 5 p.m. Friday and finals slated for 3 p.m. Saturday.
Cherokee Trail, Eaglecrest, Grandview, Overland and Smoky Hill all have swimmers and/or divers qualified for the event, which offers another opportunity to go head-to-head to outstanding programs at Cherry Creek and Arapahoe prior to state.
Last season's meet was incredibly tight between the Wolves and Buffaloes, as Grandview captured third place by a single point over Smoky Hill with Cherokee Trail fifth, Eaglecrest seventh and Overland eighth.
The Rangeview girls swim team is putting a big onus on the EMAC Championship meet Friday and Saturday at the Veterans' Memorial Aquatic Center in Thornton — prelims at 4:30 p.m. Friday, finals at 12:30 p.m. Saturday — as it has designs on winning the league title.
The Raiders have never finished higher than second at the league meet, but hold out hope that they can surpass that this time as they've raced every program in the conference with their top lineups and won every time.
Rangeview came within 27 points of winner Northglenn/Thornton last season and return a two-time league champion in sophomore Jasmine Johnson (100 yard butterflies and 100 breaststroke), plus juniors Keaghan Banaitis (500 freestyle) and diver Sarah Mortenson have titles to defend.
The Raiders also hope Johnson and their 200 medley and 200 freestyle relay teams can use the competition to qualify for state.
Hinkley finished fourth, Gateway fifth and Aurora Central seventh last season.
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach them at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
On Friday, British actor Jessica Hynes came forward with their own account about Harvey Weinstein's alleged inappropriate behavior.
“I was offered a film role at 19,” they wrote on Twitter. “Harvey Weinstein came on board and wanted me to screen-test in a bikini. I refused & lost the job.”
“Holy s—t,” replied British writer Jack Howard, “I knew the story but didn't know who it was about.”
“I'm sure there are many more…” Hynes replied.
Hynes, now 44, is best known for starring in the two Bridget Jones sequels as Bridget's friend Magda, and the cult horror comedy Shaun of the Dead.
The actor has since deleted the tweets.
On Thursday, in an article in The New York Times, eight women, including actor Ashley Judd, spoke out against Weinstein. The NYT also reported that Weinstein reached at least eight settlements with women after claims alleged Weinstein behaved inappropriately during work meetings.
Following the allegations, the movie mogul announced plans to take a “leave of absence” in a statement they wrote to the NYT.
“I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it. Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go,” they said, adding that they were working with therapists and planned to take time off to “deal with this issue head-on.”
Weinstein's attorney, Lisa Bloom, said in a statement that “he denies many of the accusations as patently false.” Another attorney for Weinstein, Charles Harder, said the mogul is preparing a lawsuit against the NYT for “false and defamatory” statements.
According to the NYT, Weinstein has reached at least eight settlements with women, including actor Rose McGowan. In their claims, they allege that Weinstein behaved inappropriately during work meetings.
RELATED VIDEO: Ashley Judd and Multiple Women Accuse Movie Mogul Harvey Weinstein of Sexual Harassment as They Announce Leave of Absence
Weinstein told the New York Post that their wife, Marchesa fashion designer Georgina Chapman, “stands 100 percent behind me.”
“Georgina and I have talked about this at length,” they added. “We went out with Lisa Bloom last night when we know the article was coming out. Georgia will be with Lisa and others kicking my ass to be a better human being and to apologize to people for my bad behavior, to say I'm sorry and to absolutely mean it.”
They also told the Post they were suing the NYT because of their “inability to be honest with me, and their reckless reporting. They told me lies. They made assumptions.”
Clive Library, aquatic center reopened after flood damage
CLIVE, Iowa (AP) — Officials in central Iowa say flooding from heavy rains this past weekend have damaged the Clive Library and the Clive Aquatic Center.
The Polk County Emergency Management Agency said in a news release Tuesday that the library and aquatic center had closed because of damage from storm water. Both have since reopened.
A special flood-debris pickup has also been scheduled for Clive, a suburb of Des Moines, on Friday for residents and businesses in affected parts of the University Avenue Boulevard neighborhood and the Indian Hills neighborhood.
Waste Management trucks will be in those areas throughout Friday and possibly Saturday morning to pick up debris.
___
This story has been corrected to show that to show the library and aquatic center have reopened, not that they will reopen next week.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Mary Kromrey has been on the job as head of Ozark Greenways for a few months now. They took over the job of executive director from long-time leader, Terry Whaley, who retired. And she's excited to see the organization continue to expand its approximately 73 ½ miles of trails, 35 of which are the Frisco-Highline Trail from Springfield to Bolivar.
Ozark Greenways recently dedicated a new section of Greenway north of Springfield, which came about due to efforts by the Springfield-Greene County Park Board. They applied for a grant and got it, which allowed for a half-mile of trail. That doesn't seem like much to get excited about, they said, but "it's where it's at and what it's doing. We have the Fulbright Spring Greenway up on the north side of town, and it runs along the South Dry Sac Creek, and what's super cool about this greenway is one day it's going to extend from Ritter Springs Park all the way out to the Watershed Center on Valley Water Mill."
Previously, they said, there was a section at Truman Elementary and Park and some trail at Ritter Springs, and the newest trail puts Ozark Greenways closer to filling the gap.
Once construction of a new section of greenway section starts in a few months, Kromrey said, there will be seven miles of continuous trails in that area, hopefully by the end of the year.
Another project in the works involves the South Creek and Wilson's Creek Greenways. Currently, to go back and forth between the two trails, a person has to go onto Battlefield Rd. But they hope that will change soon.
"We just recently had a landowner make a land donation to us, which leaves us with one remaining landowner and about...two, two and a half acres from us having that direct trail to trail connection," Kromrey said.
While Ozark Greenways is known for its trails, it has other projects in the works as well. One is a partnership with James River Basin Partnership (JRBP), with whom, Kromrey said, Ozark Greenways has worked for many years.
"Our current project is focusing on preserving what we call the riparian corridor along Wilson's Creek Greenway because Wilson's Creek, the creek itself, actually flows into the James River, and the James River flows into the lakes down in Branson," said Kromrey.
Between now and 2020, the two organizations are working to place a minimum of 45 acres into a conservation easement. Landowners voluntarily take part, and Ozark Greenways and JRBP work with them to correct any stream bank erosion they might have or to remove non-native plants, according to Kromrey.
They said they've received letters of intent from landowners to put 70 acres along the Wilson's Creek corridor into that easement.
"And some of it is by our Wilson's Creek Greenway, so we're going to be able to do some cool educational opportunities," they said.
Kromrey knows how beneficial natural areas and trails can be to a community and to the well-being of its citizens.
"It's a fast-paced world we live in, and we're on our devices a lot. We're on our screens a lot. We're sitting more than we've ever done before," they said. "And greenways trails really provide that access point. They're easy, they're friendly, folks feel safe on them, so they're just a good way for folks to get out, have some fresh air."
And they said trails build community "whether you're a walker or a runner or you're out there for the birds or you're out there just for the social part of it, it's pretty cool just to see all different folks come together around these greenways trails for every reason you can imagine," they said.
Kromrey is excited about the future of Ozark Greenways. A lot of things are beginning to converge, they said, to create an even better trail system in southwest Missouri. They see the chambers of commerce, cities, counties, parks department and private residents starting to work together because they realize that greenways are important resources for a community.
Geese are terrifying. Everyone knows this. Their bites hurt like hell and they have no respect for children or the elderly. In fact, they are the second-most terrifying bird behind turkeys (large, tenacious) and ahead of crows (eidetic, vengeful).
So this momentous trio of photographs showing a Canadian goose absolutely trucking a high school golfer near Blissfield, Michigan, is just a reminder of the natural order of things. You can have, as one Twitter user put it, a “quiver full of bird maulers” and a whole high school athlete's worth of physical power, but the goose is going to win every time. It's science.
The unlucky human sacrifice here is Isaac Couling, a member of the Concord High School golf team. According to Blissfield Golf Coach Steve Babbitt, Couling, 16, was competing in the Madison Tournament at the World Creek Golf Course in Adrian, Michigan, when terror rained down.
“The group just finished teeing off on hole #7 and were walking down the fairway,” Babbitt told CNN in an email. “They were aware of a goose nest on their left which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest).”
Then came a rather alarming escalation, a whole Shakespearean tragedy in three acts. The Blissfield Athletics Twitter account explained that Couling was caught off guard by the charging bird as they were keeping an eye on another, probably equally threatening, goose.
As Couling attempted to flee the chaos they tripped, allowing the goose a clear coup de grâce.
Said Blissfield Athletics on Twitter: “And you thought golf was boring?”
Massive credit should be given to Devon Pitts of Blissfield, the photographer who caught this inspiring and terrifying moment of nature in action.
“You can say [she] was at the right place at the right time,” Babbitt said.
By all accounts, Couling is fine despite their close brush with wingèd evil.
“I did par that hole,” they told the Detroit News. CNN has reached out to Couling for further comment.
DOUGLAS COUNTY ¬— A Kansas police officer was injured in an firearms training accident Monday in Douglas County.
Just before 3p.m., the Lawrence police officer suffered a gunshot wound to the leg during firearms training at the Fraternal Order of
Police Lodge #2, 768 E 661 Diagonal Road, according to a media release.
The officer was transported to an area hospital for treatment. Preliminary information indicates the injury occurred when equipment became entangled inside the trigger guard causing the firearm to discharge. The officer has been with the department for 2 years. Authorities did not release the officer's name.
Goldschmidt homers, Diamondbacks knock off Cardinals 4-2
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Arizona Diamondbacks' Paul Goldschmidt swings on a three-run home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Arizona Diamondbacks' Paul Goldschmidt swings on a three-run home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 2 of 7 St. Louis Cardinals' Yairo Munoz connects for an RBI against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. St. Louis Cardinals' Yairo Munoz connects for an RBI against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 3 of 7 Arizona Diamondbacks starter Zack Greinke throws a pitch to the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Arizona Diamondbacks starter Zack Greinke throws a pitch to the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 4 of 7 St. Louis Cardinals starter Jack Flaherty throws a pitch to the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. St. Louis Cardinals starter Jack Flaherty throws a pitch to the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 St. Louis Cardinals' Marcell Ozuna pauses at home plate after being called out on strikes during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Phoenix. less St. Louis Cardinals' Marcell Ozuna pauses at home plate after being called out on strikes during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP Image 7 of 7 Goldschmidt homers, Diamondbacks knock off Cardinals 4-2 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
PHOENIX (AP) — Paul Goldschmidt struck out their first two at-bats against Jack Flaherty, once on a slider. With two on in the fifth inning, Goldschmidt fell behind against the St. Louis right-hander and laid off two sliders like the one they chased earlier.
Another slider found too much of the plate and the reigning NL player of the month sent it over the wall in right.
Goldschmidt hit a three-run homer, Zack Greinke pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks ended a four-game losing streak with a 4-2 win over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night.
"Paul's gifted," Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. "You can't make mistakes like that. He's going to make you pay."
Greinke (9-5) gave up two runs in the second inning to end their 13-inning scoreless streak but was otherwise sharp in winning their fourth straight game. Yoshihisa Hirano needed one pitch to get a groundout with the bases loaded in the seventh and extend their team record with a 26th straight scoreless appearance.
Brad Boxberger worked around a walk in the ninth for their 20th save in 24 chances.
Goldschmidt had the big blow, following a four-hit night Monday with a three-run homer off Flaherty (3-4) in the fifth inning. The NL player of the month for June, Goldschmidt is hitting .413 with 11 homers and 28 RBIs their past 26 games.
"It wasn't the best slider I had thrown all night and you get a guy like that, who is red hot like that, they put a good swing on it," Flaherty said.
Greinke entered Tuesday's game with the 13-inning scoreless streak after tossing seven scoreless innings against Miami their last start. Their streak lasted one more inning; the Cardinals scored two runs in the second inning on Yairo Munoz's single and Kolten Wong's sacrifice fly.
Greinke shook off the shaky second by mixing their pitches well, keeping the Cardinals off-balance with low-90s fastballs and looping curves that dipped to 63 mph. They were lifted with two outs in the seventh inning after giving up consecutive hits, allowing two runs on seven hits and four strikeouts.
"I felt good, there was good defense behind me and we scored some runs," Greinke said.
Flaherty allowed four runs on six hits in six innings in a loss to Cleveland their last start. They were sharp after giving up David Peralta's run-scoring single in the first inning, retiring 10 straight batters.
Flaherty ran into trouble in the fifth inning, giving up a double and hitting a batter before Goldschmidt lifted a three-run homer just over the wall in right to put Arizona up 4-2.
Flaherty allowed four runs on four hits and struck out seven in six innings.
"He threw the ball well," Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said. "(He) got into a tough situation with a good hitter, got to two strikes, the guy got the best of that matchup, but overall their stuff was very good today."
TRANLATOR BOOTED
Lovullo brought Hirano's translator, Kelvin Kondo, with them to the mound after making a pitching change in the seventh inning, just to make sure the Japanese right-hander was clear on what they wanted. The mound meeting turned a bit chaotic when Lovullo left the mound and Kondo was still talking to Hirano.
Under big-league rules, a translator has to stay next to the manager while on the mound, so when Lovullo started to walk away, plate umpire Bill Welke started shouting and told Kondo to leave the field.
"I didn't even know what was going on up there. It was crazy, chaotic," Lovullo said. "There's a clear rule and it's so new to us having the interpreter and exchanging information. I just left the mound too soon, the dirt area too soon and that was my responsibility to stay there until all the instructions were made."
TRAINER'S TABLE
Cardinals: SS Paul DeJong (broken left hand) went 0 for 4 for Triple-A Memphis on Monday night, their third rehab game with the Redbirds.
Diamondbacks: RHP Randall Delgado (strained left oblique) allowed a run on three hits in an inning for Triple-A Reno Monday night in a rehab appearance. ... OF Steven Souza Jr. went 1 for 4 with a solo homer for the Aces as they work back from a strained right pectoral.
UP NEXT
Diamondbacks LHP Patrick Corbin has allowed a run in 13 innings their past two starts heading into Wednesday's game against the Cardinals. St. Louis sends out RHP Miles Mikolas, who lost their last start despite allowing a run in 6 2/3 innings against Atlanta.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BEST COMMUTE EVER What It Feels Like To Be On The World's Shortest Commercial Flight
The whole flight between the islands of Westray and Papa Westray in the United Kingdom lasts for a mere 80 seconds.
× Uber pulls self-driving cars after first fatal crash of autonomous vehicle
Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car.
A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, Sunday night, according to the Tempe police. The department is investigating the crash.
A driver was behind the wheel at the time, the police said.
“The vehicle involved is one of Uber's self-driving vehicles,” the Tempe police said in a statement. “It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel.”
Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own. During tests, a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard.
Uber is conducting tests of autonomous vehicles in Arizona, Pittsburgh, Toronto and other areas. Uber said it has stopped testing the vehicles throughout the United States and Canada.
Uber said it is “fully cooperating” with local officials. “Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” Uber said in a statement.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE – You know it's summertime in Western Washington when the Washington State Department of Transportation announces major construction projects.
The agency's plan is to rehabilitate nearly 22-miles of Interstate-5 through a series of weekend lane closures between Kent and Seattle over the next three years.
The closures will happen mostly at night, according to WSDOT, and will replace concrete panels and resurface the northbound lanes of the freeway.
While northbound lanes of I-5 will remain open at all times, the agency is warning drivers the number of open lanes may be severely limited.
Many other construction projects are scheduled this summer across the Puget Sound region.
× Proposal could let cities back out of Sound Transit deal — and car-tab sticker shock
TACOMA, Wash. — Call it Brexit for Sound Transit.
You've seen the sticker shock — and if you haven't, it'll be hitting your mailbox soon enough.
“They didn't tell voters the true story about this car tab tax,” said state Sen. Steve O'Ban, R-University Place.
They want accountability and maybe a do-over of sorts for last year's Sound Transit 3 initiative.
Voters approved the deal to raise more than $54 billion for mass transit expansion.
But was it sold to the public in a deceptive way?
“I think as people start to understand that better, they're a little less impressed with what they're getting for their taxes,” O'Ban said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
O'Ban said they learned from their legislative hearings and investigation that the car tab tax boost wasn't explained well to lawmakers or the public.
It uses an older way of valuing a car -- MSRP -- rather than current Kelly Blue Book. Newer cars have much higher tabs.
"So that clearly in my view was a 'sin of omission' shall we say," O'Ban said.
The agency defended itself time and again, saying voters should have done more research.
"I really take exception to the fact that we tried to do this as some might say in a backroom way, we were very transparent," said Auburn Mayor and Sound Transit board member Nancy Backus in March.
So O'Ban wants to let voters potentially break apart Sound Transit 3 entirely.
They will sponsor a bill to let cities and counties vote to leave ST 3 and make it retroactive.
There's no research yet on this idea to stay or remain part of Sound Transit.
It would undercut funding for light rail and busing, though, by billions.
O'Ban was asked about that plan being seen as overturning the will of the voters.
"Well, not in Pierce County," they said with a laugh.
Voters in Pierce County did reject it, but overall ST 3 won by eight points, where it was also on the ballot in Snohomish and King counties.
People knew it was a tax increase for transit and it passed with a mandate.
O'Ban and the GOP have been criticized as grandstanding on the issue against Sound Transit rather than actual reform.
"I think, these sorts of issues are, you have to play the long game. I think people have to be educated and informed," they said in response.
O'Ban knows this is a sensitive and controversial subject. They say voters should get a second chance.
"We don't want to be part of your district and we want to go our own way."
HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. — Grant Riller scored 24 points, Jarrell Brantley poured in 23 more, including the winning layup, and Charleston edged Hofstra 86-85 on Saturday night to take sole possession of first place in the Colonial Athletic Association.
Trailing by a point after Hofstra's Justin Wright-Foreman sank a 3-pointer with 18 seconds left, Charleston (18-6, 9-3) took the ball down the right side of the court and got it inside to Brantley, who dribbled twice to their right before breaking left to drop in the winning bucket with three seconds remaining.
Joe Chealey added 19 points and Nick Harris had 10 for Charleston, which shot 57 per cent and got 18 assists on its 30 baskets to pick up its sixth straight win.
Wright-Foreman finished with 24 points to lead Hofstra (14-10, 7-5), Eli Pemberton added 20, Jalen Ray got 11 and Kenny Wormley 10.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A teenager is missing from their Nottinghamshire home and police are concerned for their safety.
Kyra Adams, 16, has not been seen since 2am on Sunday, December 10.
A Nottinghamshire Police spokesperson said: “Kyra is described as black, of slim build and is around 5ft 4ins tall.  They are described as having shoulder length brown curly hair. It is not known what clothes they were wearing.”
They were reported missing from the Old Basford area at around 2am on 10 December.
If you have seen Kyra or have any information about them whereabouts, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 915 of 10 December 2017.
Tom Brady‘s sons don't seem to have inherited the football-playing gene — but that's okay with him.
In an interview with PEOPLE to promote their new book The TB12 Method, Brady, 40, explains that while Benjamin Rein, 8, and John “Jack” Edward Thomas, 10, both watch football, they're more interested in playing soccer and hockey.
“I think they're into watching [football] because of their dad, but … my oldest son Jack really loves soccer. They want to be an Olympics soccer goalie,” says the New England Patriots quarterback, adding, “My son Benny is really into hockey.”
Brady and wife Gisele Bündchen share two children together: Benjamin and 5-year-old daughter Vivian Lake. The NFL star's oldest child Jack is from a previous relationship with actor Bridget Moynahan.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter
RELATED: “Family and Football!” Tom Brady Shares Epic Family Photo Ahead of the Super Bowl
Even though their kids don't appear to be following in their exact footsteps, the proud papa adds that soccer and hockey are “great sports,” saying, “I'm trying to support them the best I can even though those aren't my natural sports.”
RELATED VIDEO: Tom Brady Gets Choked Up After Kid Asks Who Their Hero Is
While their daughter Vivian is still a bit too young to become super involved in athletics, the athlete says there are a few sports they could see them gravitating towards in the future.
“Maybe tennis! I love women's tennis. Or women's soccer. And she's really athletic, so maybe she'll be really interested in those as they get older,” Brady remarks.
Tom Brady and son Jack Tom Brady/Instagram
Tom Brady with son Benjamin and daughter Vivian Gisele Bundchen/Instagram
RELATED GALLERY: Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady's Adorable Family Photo Album
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Brady tells PEOPLE that even though they don't like Bündchen practicing their football skills because of their shoulder issues, there are a couple of sports the whole family enjoys playing together.
“We definitely play other sports with the kids. A lot of soccer in our backyard, a lot of swimming, a lot of surfing,” they explain of themselves and their supermodel wife, 37.
“I love playing with them even if, obviously, I've had much more experience than them, I still love being with them and playing with them. Anything that we're doing together, I really love to do,” they add.
The TB12 Method: How to Achieve a Lifetime of Sustained Peak Performance is available now on amazon.com.
April 20 Marine Harvest Asa
* Q1 operational ebit EUR 215 million ($230.46 million)(Reuters poll EUR 206 million)
* Q1 harvest volume 84,000 tonnes (Reuters poll 84,300 tonnes). In connection with the presentation of the Q4 2016 results, Marine Harvest had guided a total harvest volume of 84,000 tonnes for Q1
* Reported net interest bearing debt was approximately EUR 845 million at end of quarter
* Complete Q1 2017 report will be released on May 10 at 0630 CET Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9329 euros) (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
1. Consider what really makes you happy
Being true to the real you are spiritually important — and it's practical, too. A lot of people out there aren't being quite honest with themselves. And let me tell you, as a life coach, clients confess to me that they do all sorts of things simply because their peers, family or friends do.
For instance, one person takes recreational drugs, another goes running even though they hate it, one woman is more promiscuous than they feel comfortable with, one person actually climbed Mount Kilimanjaro simply because a bossy colleague was doing it, and another only dates a certain type of person because of external influences.
Are you getting the full range here?
If you think that person who gets high on the weekends or is signed up for that marathon is the real deal who you need to imitate to be happy, you may well be dead wrong.
2. Take tips, not the total
Receiving influence from our surroundings is natural — and it can be healthy. For example, you might fall in love with your friend Donna's barre class that they introduced you to, and that's great! You might like Tom's passion for local theatre and find yourself going every few weeks. Fab! You might be totally inspired by your friend Tina's boho style and decide to add a tasselled bag to your summer wardrobe. Lovely!
Tips are great. Receive them with gratitude and an open mind. But following just one person or a specific, entire way of living? Nope. I guarantee it won't be the real you.
3. No one else is you, and that is your power
Do you know who the real you actually are? It takes a lifetime to know for sure because we all evolve and change with time. If you feel disconnected from your inner inspiration, take a social media break, if you can. Spend a little more time alone. Remember what inspired you when you were a kid. This can only come from you. The irony? The more yourself you are, the more you'll actually inspire copycats of your unique way of being. That's OK! It's a compliment.
So know this: you're enough, just as you are. And you don't need to copy anyone or anything, ever. Ever. Because there's nothing cute about an ill-fitting lifestyle (or a pair of jeans). No matter how cool the person rocking them seems to be.
Susie Moore is Greatist's life coach columnist and a confidence coach in New York City.
Susie Moore is Greatist's life coach columnist and a confidence coach in New York City.
May 2 Canadian oil and gas producer Encana Corp reported a quarterly profit, compared with a year-ago loss, as the rebound in oil and gas prices boosted margins and its production of oil and natural gas liquids rose.
The company posted a net profit was $431 million for the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a loss of $379 million a year ago.
On a per-share basis, the company reported an operating profit of 11 cents, compared with a loss of 15 cents a year ago. (Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
SAINT-MARS-LA-REORTHE, France — Chris Froome has asked Tour de France fans to let them race in peace, even if they doubt the recent ruling that cleared them of doping allegations.
The British cyclist has been targeted by spectators in the past. During the 2015 Tour, they said a man threw a cup of urine at them while yelling "doper".
With the latest edition beginning on Saturday, five days after the International Cycling Union finally ruled Froome had won last year's Spanish Vuelta cleanly, the four-time Tour winner offered an alternative way for skeptical fans to show their distrust.
"Support the race in a positive way, don't bring negativity," they said on Wednesday in western France. "In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice."
A cloud hung over Froome after a urine sample taken during the Vuelta in September showed a concentration of the asthma drug salbutamol that was twice the permitted level.
After months of silence, the UCI said Froome's result did not represent an adverse finding, which could have led them to be stripped of their Vuelta victory, and a suspension.
The UCI's ruling ensured they could compete at the Tour after race organizer ASO had informed Team Sky it would forbid Froome from entering until the doping case was decided.
Their use of asthma medication has been well documented and they often use inhalers during races. World Anti-Doping Agency rules state an athlete can be cleared for excessive salbutamol use if they prove it was due to an appropriate therapeutic dosage.
Froome said they understand it may take time for fans to believe they are not a cheat.
"But that data is available, and I would like to think that as people understand that more, they will understand my decision to keep on racing knowing I have certainly done nothing wrong," Froome said. "Of course it has been damaging. As it is right now I'm just happy to draw a line in the sand and move on and focus on bike racing."
LEWISBURG, Pa. — Zach Thomas scored 20 points and Stephen Brown scored 14 and Bucknell beat Lafayette 74-59 on Saturday night.
Bucknell used an 8-0 run that started with Thomas' 3-pointer and ended with their layup and the Bison stretched their lead to 30-21 with 7:03 before intermission. Later, Alex Petrie's 3 and a pair of free throws reduced Lafayette's deficit to three before Thomas ended the half with a pair of free throws and a 39-34 lead.
The Bison (17-8, 11-1 Patriot League) emerged from the break with Thomas, Bruce Moore and Kimbal Mackenzie making 3s on Bucknell's first three possessions for a 14-point lead. Lafayette got back in it with an 11-0 run as the Bison went five minutes without a score and trailed 48-45. Bucknell went on an 11-0 run as Lafayette went scoreless for almost seven minutes and were up 59-45 and led by double figures the rest of the way.
Nana Foulland added 10 points for Bucknell, which committed just seven turnovers.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Political observer Karyono Wibowo said with the support from Golkar Party, President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo can ‘sleep soundly' or feel calm in the upcoming 2019 Presidential Election race.
“To run in the 2019 Presidential Election [one] must meet the threshold of 20 percent of the vote in the House. With the support from Golkar, for a while Jokowi can ‘sleep soundly',” said Karyono when contacted on Thursday (1/18/2018).
Karyono's statement relates to the President's decision to appoint Golkar cadre Idrus Marham as Social Minister and keep Golkar General Chairman Airlangga Hartarto as Minister of Industry.
According to him, the decision is also related to the political calculation in 2019, wherein President Jokowi wants to be more “intimate” with Golkar.
They said Golkar as the second-place winner in the 2014 General Election won 18,432,312 votes (14.75 percent), plus Nasdem and Hanura, all of whom have declared their support to Jokowi as the 2019 presidential candidate, so Jokowi's threshold requirements to run as 2019 presidential candidate have been met.
“Not to mention later this plus PDIP [Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle] support,” they said, as quoted from Antara.
They said the declaration of support from the PDIP seems only a matter of time. But they suggested that PDIP immediately declares its support for Jokowi in the 2019 Presidential Election so that public perception does not turn into negative.
“Lest the public perceives the PDIP seems doubtful or undecided in supporting Jokowi in the 2019 Presidential Election because it can cause negative effects in the eyes of Jokowi supporters whose number are still in the majority compared to other presidential candidate figures. PDIP should not go offside,” they said.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
An unexpected run to the semifinals of the Rogers Cup has rocketed Canada's newest tennis star up the world rankings.
Denis Shapovalov improved from 143rd to 67th in Monday's updated ATP singles rankings.
The 18-year-old left-hander from Richmond Hill, Ont., introduced themselves to Canada last week with an exhilarating performance at the Rogers Cup in Montreal that included a victory over top-seeded Spanish legend Rafael Nadal.
The Canadian lost to fourth-seeded German Alexander Zverev in Saturday's semifinals but still pocketed a cool US$220,760 in prize money.
Shapovalov told reporters over the weekend that their “whole life has changed in the past five days.”
“I don't even think I realize it yet,” they said. “I mean, it's a huge jump (in the rankings).”
The main question now is whether the Rogers Cup was a flash in the pan or a sign of bigger things to come.
Zverev, also one of the game's rising stars, predicted a long rivalry with the Canadian.
“I told them that this is just the first match of very many that we will play against him,” said Zverev, currently ranked 10th. ”Hopefully a lot of other big matches, maybe in Grand Slams, maybe in finals of tournaments.
“On the other hand, I will say ‘Don't expect them to win U.S. Open in the next few months.' They still need some time. This is I think the best tennis they played in their life. For them to play this level consistently, it might take them another two to three years.”
Zverev ended their first season as an 18-year-old ranked 83rd.
Shapovalov has spent most of their time since turning pro last year playing lower-tier Challenger events and was scheduled to play the Odlum Brown Vanopen in Vancouver this week. They withdrew Sunday, citing fatigue.
If they can maintain their ranking, they could be leaving the Challenger circuit behind altogether as he'll now have more opportunities to play top-level ATP events.
Their next major task will be to qualify for the U.S. Open, which starts later this month in New York.
Milos Raonic, Canada's highest-ranked singles player, saw their ranking unchanged at No. 10 after a second-round loss in Montreal. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil, who was eliminated in the first round last week, dropped three spots to No. 78.
The Canadian Press
The Killers are back! And Louise Duffy has the EXCLUSIVE first Irish play of their new single The Man at 7.45pm tonight!
It's been five years since we've had new music from The Killers and with a mini festival tour planned this summer and their fifth studio album due out on September 20th, it's great to have them back!
They've been recording with Joshua Tree and U2 producer Jacknife Lee and check out a lil preview here, sounding very 80's!
Lost In Music, weeknights 7-9pm
FILE PHOTO - An American flag flies next to a Volkswagen car dealership in San Diego, California, U.S. on September 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has approved its request to sell up to 67,000 diesel vehicles from the 2015 model year, including about 12,000 currently in dealer inventory with approved emissions modifications.
The vehicles in inventory were held when the company issued a stop sale in September 2015, Volkswagen spokesperson Jeannine Ginivan told Reuters.
Ginivan said the company was finalizing details of the program.
The EPA approved a fix for about 70,000 Volkswagen diesel vehicles in January.
An EPA spokesperson declined to comment on the matter.
(Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler and Gopakumar Warrier)
Steve Tallant, Director, Product Management and Marketing, Systech International to Speak at the Knowledge Group's Protecting Your Brands Against Theft and Counterfeiting in 2017 and Beyond: Outsmarting Forgers LIVE Webcast
End
-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today thatwill speak at the Knowledge Group's webcast entitled:This event is scheduled forhttps://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/legal/intellectual-property-law/protecting-your-brands-against-theft-and-counterfeiting-in-2017-and-beyond-outsmarting-forgers-live-webcastAs Director Product Management and Marketing, Steve Tallant is responsible for developing Systech's product/solution story. Through engaging messaging, launch plans, collateral, web content, thought leadership, sales enablement, and social media, they communicate the company's value proposition to both internal and customer audiences. Steve has over twenty years of experience in technology industry leading product marketing initiatives for emerging products and is one of the leaders developing and implementing the company's strategies to protect brands from counterfeit, diversion, and other illicit trade.Systech International, a global leader in product verification and brand protection, is re-defining the future of authentication. As the innovator of serialization, Systech is trusted by top pharmaceutical companies worldwide to ensure regulatory compliance, mitigate risk, ensure supply chain integrity, and drive efficiency. Beyond compliance, the company is leading the charge to protect global brands—for CPG, food & beverage, health & beauty, pharmaceutical, and contract manufacturing companies. Its best practices and award-winning technologies are guiding Product and Brand Protection Officers in their quest to improve patient/consumer safety, increase engagement, decrease counterfeiting, avoid diversion, and reduce harm to coveted brands.Establishing a global branding integrity is a very expensive investment, thus, it is crucial for manufacturers to keep on doing counter-activities and solutions that will safekeep their brands from counterfeiting. Product failure or supply disruption due to counterfeits can provoke claims for replacement and compensation, loss of sales, damage to brand and reputation, and financial and legal risks. The best protection should have clear policies and procedures, sound management of intellectual property, good risk assessment, and careful supply chain logistics management.Preventing counterfeits from the very start is the best measure. In this light, a panel of key thought professionals and industry leaders assembled by The Knowledge Group will provide best practices in protecting your brands against theft and counterfeiting and will go beyond traditional brand protection programs that will outsmart modern day forgers.Key Issues:§ Brand Protection – Identification Techniques§ Asset Protection, Authentication and Tracking§ Theft, Counterfeiting, & Legal Challenges§ Trademark Rights Erosion§ Anti-counterfeiting Strategies§ IP – Trademark Protection§ Litigation and Compliance Risks§ Risk Mitigation Best PracticesThe Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 1500 Metres Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya celebrates winning the final ahead of Timothy Cheruiyot of Kenya, Filip Ingebrigtsen of Norway and Adel Mechaal of Spain.
LONDON (Reuters) - Asbel Kiprop failed in their bid for a fourth consecutive 1,500 meters gold medal at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday - but Kenya still celebrated a dazzling one-two with new champion Elijah Manangoi leading home Timothy Cheruiyot.
Manangoi, the fastest man in the world this year, sped past their young compatriot on the home straight of the last men's individual track event to take the title in 3 minutes 33.61 seconds, just ahead of Cheruiyot (3:33.99).
Kiprop, who had briefly threatened to make it a Kenyan clean sweep, found the pace too hot on the last lap, fading into ninth place in 3:37.24, a fairly tame attempt to emulate the four straight metric mile world golds of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj.
Norway's European champion Filip Ingebrigtsen snatched the bronze on the line in 3:34.53.
Kendall Jenner and their new beau Ben Simmons enjoyed a hot tub date at the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills on Tuesday (03.07.18).
The 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star and the 21-year-old athlete drank margaritas and looked super cosy as they had their private area to use the rooftop facilities at the luxury hotel.
The 22-year-old model was wearing a slinky blue swimsuit, whilst the hunky sportsman rocked a casual 'Sister Act 2' tee and bright orange Givenchy swimming shorts.
An onlooker told 'Entertainment Tonight': "Kendall and Ben were getting cosy in the hot tub.
"They snuggled up and looked happy together!"
It seems things are hotting for the couple, as Kendall is reportedly living with Ben now at a mansion in Los Angeles.
A source said recently: "Ben is renting the house. Kendall is not on the lease. It's a gorgeous house, so it makes sense that they want to stay over as much as possible. Kendall and Ben have spent the past few days together in Los Angeles. They do seem a bit more serious."
The reality star had previously been romantically linked to Ben earlier this year after they were spotted on a string of dates in La La Land, but they threw a spanner in the works last month when they were spotted smooching Anwar Hadid - the brother of Gigi and Bella Hadid - but they played it down by claiming they were "best friends".
A source said at the time: "Kendall is best friends with Anwar's sisters, Gigi and Bella, and they respect them tremendously. Kendall would never want to do anything to put their relationship with Anwar's sisters in jeopardy. Kendall and Anwar have known each other for years and have always been flirtatious and this is just another sign of that. The two enjoy one another's company and things could change, but for now, it's nothing serious."
On this edition of the Midday News Wrap, we look at President Trump's visit to Puerto Rico and their talk of relief efforts for the US territory in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Maria.
The National Rifle Association, the powerful gun lobby, issued a statement about "bump stocks," the device that the Las Vegas mass shooter used to increase the carnage they inflicted. “The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semiautomatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles," the statement read, "should be subject to additional regulations.”
President Trump is reportedly planning to de-certify the Iran nuclear deal, leaving it to Congress to think about pulling out of the agreement altogether. Reports are that their top advisers are recommending the US stay in. Last night while posing for a picture with military leaders and their wives, Trump described the moment as the "calm before the storm." The Commander in Chief did not elaborate further.
And here in Baltimore, a highly respected lawyer from a prominent local law firm has been appointed to serve as the monitor of the Consent Decree between the Police Department and the Department of Justice.
Tom discusses these and other of the week's top news stories with reporter John Lemire, who covers the White House for the Associated Press; Charles Robinson Political/Business reporter for Maryland Public Television; and Andrew Green, the Opinion Editor of the Baltimore Sun.
ZURICH, April 20 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.08 percent higher at 8,539 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer.
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks.
ABB
The Swiss engineering company said on Thursday it expected 2017 to be a transitional year, with the first signs of a recovery in some industries, as it reported better-than-expected earnings during the first three months of the year.
For more click
NESTLE
The Swiss food giant said on Wednesday that first-quarter organic sales growth was 2.3 percent, compared to the 2.25 percent average forecast in a Reuters poll, as it grappled with weak consumer demand for packaged foods in North America. The biggest food company confirmed its 2017 organic growth targets.
For more click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Georg Fischer said its 2016 compensation report was rejected in a non-binding vote at Wednesday's AGM, based largely on recommendations of two proxy advisors. The company said it would work with large shareholders over coming months to develop a pay model that passes investor muster.
* Novartis said an NIH study showed its drug eltrombopag as first-line therapy with standard treatment improves responses in severe aplastic anemia.
* Ascom Holding AG said late on Tuesday that Andreas Umbach was elected as new board chairmsn. It also said that Erasmus MC was buying its MYCO 2 smartphones and software.
* Bucher Industries said shareholders approved all of the board's proposals at the annual general meeting, including a dividend of 5 Swiss francs per share.
* Evolva said current board member and former Unilever executive Gerard Hoetmer is proposed to suceed Tom McKillop as Evolva chairperson.
* Kuehne & Nagel said first quarter earnings were stable at 165 million Swiss francs ($165.48 million), adding cost control and volume increases helped mitigate pressure on margins.
* WiseKey International said it plans to establish a Blockchain center in the Swiss canton of Zug to offer a platform to U.S. based enterprises.
ECONOMY ($1 = 0.9971 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
by
By Ralph McKechnie
Of the Independent
Jackson County Sheriff Cory Falls held their final press conference before leaving for a new assignment in the police department of the city of Gresham.
[/hide_from]
March 31 Kamat Hotels (India) Ltd
* Says got approval from Corporation Bank for one time settlement proposal
* Says co expected to repay debt in structured manner over six months
* Says reason for opting OTS is that co has been facing cash flow mismatch due to which debt became a non-performing asset Source text: bit.ly/2ofytyS Further company coverage:
An elderly woman was rescued by neighbours after a fire broke out at their home.
Fire crews from South Kirkby and Cudworth were called to their home at West Street, South Kirkby at around 1.40am this morning.
An unattended chip pan had been left on by mistake and had caught fire.
The blaze had triggered smoke alarms at the property and the lady was woken up and helped out by neighbours.
They suffered smoke inhalation.
Fire teams said the incident highlighted the importance of having working smoke alarms.
People can contact the fire service to have them installed.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
Iguodala's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors' defence as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol. Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practicing Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 post-season games.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
École Secondaire Notre Dame High School students have met their goal and raised $39,870.15 for Aspire Special Needs Resource Centre. This number will continue to grow as students wrap up their fundraising.
On March 12th to 17th, teams of six students from École Secondaire Notre Dame High School, St. Francis of Assisi Middle School and their team teacher worked together to complete challenges during the lunch hour to earn points.
Starting on March 16th, student teams along with a parent, completed a 21-hour scavenger hunt and amazing race throughout the City of Red Deer. One hundred per cent of the funds raised went to Aspire Special Needs Resource Centre.
-Submitted by Red Deer Catholic Regional Schools
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team brought the hits to The Showbox in SoDo for the NF Concert! Listeners showed their love for NF by holding our light up sign and taking photos with the team. If you took a photo you can find it below!
THREE WORDS come to mind when you're eating xiao long bao, the Chinese steamed soup dumplings:
1. It's “delicious.”
2. It must have been “tricky” to make, and
3. It's “witchcraft,” because how can you encase soup in a delicate dim sum skin?
Bai Nian Tang Bao opened late last month in BGC's Uptown Parade (near the Valkyrie club complex). Guests were served Three Seafood Fried Noodles, and a variety of fried rice, which, while all good and filling, can be waved away for the Giant Tang Bao. Don't forget the Shanghai-style fish fillet though, that really is quite good: immersed in a dark sauce, and crispy yet yielding.
Anyway, back to the Giant Tang Bao. Sure, there are other xiao long baos in the menu, which are to be scooped up in a Chinese soup spoon and moistened with black vinegar before being delivered whole into one's mouth. The Giant Tang Bao, however, comes with a bit of fanfare.
It is as big as a baby's face, and a server comes and hands you a paper straw, which you poke through the dim sum skin, and you suck the soup out of it. You're supposed to wait a couple of minutes before starting to suck up the soup though, otherwise, it would be too hot.
This reporter's verdict? The soup was thick, hot, and had multiple layers of flavor. Abandon the idea of the paper straw, transfer the Giant Tang Bao from the bamboo steamer onto a plate, puncture the skin with a spoon, and let the soup wet the dim sum skin. That, I think, allows for one to enjoy all its flavors.
The multiple flavors come from a long cooking process, which takes about 12 hours. The soup contains pork and crab roe — which is as much as co-owner Paul Li would let on. The crab roe is special, imported from a lake in Shanghai.
“Most of the food, if we can get it locally… for the xiao long bao, there are secret sauces, ingredients, we get those from Shanghai,” said Mr. Li.
The soup is frozen and packed into the dim sum skins, and then steamed at just the right time and temperature so the soup inside heats up, yet not so much as to damage the dim sum skin.
According to legend, xiao long bao appeared on Chinese imperial tables in the 1700s. One of the most famous xiao long bao places is Nanxiang Bun Shop in Shanghai, which moved to government hands after China's Communist revolution in the 1940s. Bai Nian Tang Bao — bai nian meaning “100 years” according to a release — was founded in 2001, and is a member of Shanghai's xiao long bao association.
The Philippine franchise of Taiwanese xiao long bao giant Din Tai Fung was a sensation when it first opened a few years ago. Mr. Li said that while xiao long bao has proven to be a fixture in the country, they and their business partner (both fans of the dumpling) noted that the xiao long bao outlets here come from Taiwan and Singapore.
“But xiao long bao, this food, comes from China,” they said, referring to their own version. “The taste, we feel, is different. We want to bring the original taste.” — JLG
Max Bupa, India's leading health insurance company was honored with the most acclaimed title ‘Product of the Year' for its latest innovative product offering, GoActive. This new-age product is a disruptive and customer centric offering from Max Bupa, that caters to the ‘daily health needs' of Indians and has been designed with an intent to bring a paradigm shift in the health insurance industry. This recognition is the outcome of an independent consumer study conducted by research agency Nielsen that surveyed over 4000 consumers in 8 metros and non-metro cities including Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Chennai. The award was presented to Max Bupa by Mr. Kedar Teny, Senior Vice President, Sony Pictures Networks along with Mr. Mihir Doshi, Managing Director & Country Head, Credit Suisse at an awards ceremony held in Mumbai.
Product of the Year is the world's largest consumer-voted award for product innovation. It is an Internationally Recognized Certification that celebrates and rewards the best innovations in consumer products and services. Max Bupa's GoActive was certified as the most innovative offering by the company. This new-age product is a disruptive and customer centric offering from Max Bupa, that caters to the ‘daily health needs' of Indians and has been designed with an intent to bring a paradigm shift in the health insurance industry.
Speaking on the win, Ashish Mehrotra, MD and CEO, Max Bupa said, “This is an interesting time to be in the health insurance industry in India as the sector is witnessing a lot of innovation – be it digitization, wellness products for new customer segments or usage of technology to create exemplary experience. I can say with great pride that Max Bupa has been a part of this innovation story by helming several such innovations since its inception in 2010. These awards testify that we are moving in the right direction and will encourage each one of us at Max Bupa to keep contributing towards the wellness of consumers in mind. Our aim with GoActive Health Insurance Plan is to narrow down the existing insurance penetration gap and bring more and more people into the ambit of health insurance by giving them a plan that takes care of their daily health needs.”
Talking about the annual awards, Raj Arora, CEO, Product of the Year India said, “Product of the Year is about Innovation. Thousands of consumers vote for products in each category in a face-to-face survey conducted by Nielsen and choose only the best as ‘Product of the Year'. The consumer validation of the outstanding and innovative aspects of each product provides a fillip to all brands that are trying to differentiate in this crowded marketplace. Max Bupa's product has clearly resonated with the consumer and hopefully they will be able to use this recognition to advantage.”
Keeping with Max Bupa's legacy of innovation, GoActive is the first health insurance product in the market that brings together industry's premier health-tech providers including GOQii, Practo and 1mg, on a single platform to create unique digitally enabled wellness ecosystem that will seamlessly offer all these services to the customers. What gives GoActive a winning edge over other products in the market is the strong customer proposition of being an ‘everyday use health insurance cover' that takes care of all health needs related to illness and wellness has resonated strongly with the participants who were surveyed. This holistic health insurance plan has been designed to provide 360-degree coverage for the new age customers' daily health requirements: inpatient hospitalization and on-the-go access to OPD, diagnostics, personalized health coaching, 2nd medical opinion and behavioral counseling etc.
Over the last few years, Max Bupa has introduced many innovative offerings that cater to the evolving health needs of various customer segments. These include the introduction of first of its kind service offerings like AnyTime Health, InstaInsure and SARAL for bancassurance tie-ups, alliance with national and international banks, the introduction of ‘Point of Care' concept in India and for building a ‘brand with a purpose' to help Indians lead healthier, more successful lives.
The High Court, in effect, says all income – even allowances, bonuses and incentives – are subject to tax
Published 5:51 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Supreme Court (SC) has ruled that all income received by government employees, including allowances, bonuses and incentives, shall be taxed.
“The Court directed that this Decision be applied prospectively,” the SC said in an announcement on Wednesday, July 4.
The High Court ruled on the petition filed in 2014 by the Confederation for Unity, Recognition and Advancement of Government Employees or Courage.
The petition questioned the legality of former Tax Commissioner Kim Henares' Revenue Memorandum Order (RMO) No. 23-2014.
The SC said that the memorandum order did not impose additional taxes because it “merely mirrored the relevant provisions of the National Internal Revenue Code (NIRC) of 1997 on withholding tax on compensation income."
Government workers who insist that their allowances and bonuses should be exempt from tax have "the burden to prove the factual and legal bases of the claim in the proper administrative and judicial proceedings,” said the SC.
“Specifically, the Court also stated that the fiscal autonomy enjoyed by the Judiciary, Ombudsman, and Constitutional Commissions does not grant immunity or exemption from the common burden of paying taxes imposed by law,” the announcement said.
However, the SC nullified the part of Section VI of the memorandum order where it requires governors, mayors, barangay captains and heads of government agencies and government-owned or controlled corporations (GOCCs) to withhold and remit taxes.
The SC said the provision is not found on the tax code.
“In imposing upon these officials an obligation not found in law or in Implementing Rules, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue did not merely issue an interpretative rule designed to provide guidelines for enforcement of the law but supplanted details—a power vested by law only on the Secretary of Finance,” the SC said. – Rappler.com
MOSCOW, April 3 Russian state-controlled oil firm Rosneft plans to start drilling in the Barents Sea in 2018, Chief Executive Igor Sechin told President Vladimir Putin via video-link on Monday.
"Rosneft is always justifying your trust, Vladimir Vladimirovich," Sechin said.
Rosneft is under Western sanctions following Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis which limits its fundraising on the western markets and bans western firms involvement in helping Rosneft to explore Arctic, deepwater and shale oil.
(Reporting by Katya Golubkova; editing by Sujata Rao)
Image 1 of 17
A man watches the World Cup matchup of Brazil and Mexico, July 2, 2018 at Restaurante da Gracas in Norwalk, Conn.
A man watches the World Cup matchup of Brazil and Mexico, July 2, 2018 at Restaurante da Gracas in Norwalk, Conn.
Photo: Justin Papp
MOUNT VERNON, Wash. — An emotionally powerful welcome home was given Tuesday to Mount Vernon police officer Mike McClaughry, who was shot in the head and critically injured while on a call Dec. 15.
They were released from Seattle's Harborview Medical Center on Tuesday.
It's a miracle they survived their gunshot wound, but they paid a high price, losing their sight.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
And two months after the shooting, the officer cannot fully remember the traumatic moment that changed their lives.
“I remember a lot of passionate voices and a lot of concern,” McClaughry said Tuesday.
The bullet that pierced their head not only took their vision but they now suffer from short-term memory loss. Although the shooting took so much from them and their family, their spirit is still high.
“My children are growing and I won't be able to see some of the things that they are doing but that's not going to keep me from participating,” McClaughry said.
The love from their wife, Linda, and daughter April got them through the hard times. They also got emotional crediting their parents for their inner strength.
“They gave me more than just genes, you know? They gave me courage,” McClaughry said.
That same courage helped them take the first step out of Harborview on Tuesday.
Fellow officers escorted the veteran every step of the way.
A procession of lights from various police departments honored the 61-year-old up Interstate 5 to Mount Vernon, where a huge crowd lined the streets waiting for McClaughry outside the Mount Vernon Police Department.
“He kind of took a bullet for the community,” Mount Vernon resident Roger Saben said.
“I am so happy you survived, we love you!” said one woman.
A colorful welcome complete with signs, balloons and flags and, when the hero finally drove by, the community clapped and chanted ‘Welcome Home.'
McClaughry couldn't see them but they definitely felt their love. They told the crowd they wished they could see their faces because they knew they were smiling.
After they thanked the crowd, McClaughry went inside the police department for a private reception.
Then they finally got to go home on Valentine's Day, which is also their 39th wedding anniversary.
Their wife, Linda, says they have installed rails and other features inside their home to accommodate the officer's vision loss.
McClaughry says their vision has slightly improved recently. They can see variations of brightness and some colors.
There is no guarantee their vision will get better but they are hoping and ready to work hard. As for a future in law enforcement, the officer called that a tough question, saying they would leave that up to God.
.
LaForge said he's slowing down and instead of so many ‘stings' wants to focus on law reform to keep pedophiles in jail longer
Surrey Creep Catchers' president Ryan LaForge said he's “done with citizens arrests” and “done getting the police involved” after pleading guilty to two counts of assault this week.
“It has nothing to do with police themselves, every cop I've dealt with has been good,” LaForge told the Now-Leader Tuesday, the day after they plead guilty to two counts of assault in Surrey Provincial Court which stemmed from “stings” their group did in Whalley on April 3 and 19, 2017.
“I have no hard feelings or whatever, but they're up against the same battle we are, as a community…. I don't know what it's going to take for everyone to wake up at the same time and say enough's enough,” they added.
In the April 3 incident, LaForge said they performed a “citizens arrest” on a man they alleged came to pay for sex with a six-year-old outside the Tim Horton's at Central City Shopping Centre, in the 10100-block of King George Boulevard.
While the convictions have led to LaForge discontinuing such “citizens arrests,” they don't deter them from continuing to conduct “stings,” which involve Creep Catchers representatives posing as children online, arranging to meet adults who think they've been communicating with a child and confronting them, while filming them.
LaForge said Tuesday they are still live streaming videos of “stings” on Facebook, which they then removes from Facebook and posts on their website.
While the group was doing about “five catches a day” in their early days in 2016, LaForge said they aim for one a week now.
“I've slowed down for a couple of reasons,” they said Tuesday. “One is just for my mental well-being. I'm just taking it a lot slower, to just take care of myself mentally, have more time for my family and stuff. I work more, I kind of ran out of my savings after a good year, so I'm back to work.”
LaForge said he's changing gears, to a degree, and instead of so many “stings,” wants to focus their time on changes to legislation to keep convicted pedophiles in prison longer.
“I knew I had to attack this epidemic from another position,” LaForge said. “I'm sitting here catching guys all the time and yes, it's exposing them, people are seeing it, it's creating awareness, but I feel like a dog chasing my own tail. I want to see the laws change so if and when these guys are caught by police there's a mandatory minimum sentence.”
Long sentences are “too rare,” they added.
“It's not fair, they leave a trail of broken children,” LaForge said, noting he's also become frustrated with other aspects of the system.
“People say ‘it's not even a real child,'” when referencing Surrey Creep Catcher stings, they said, “but that's what's wrong with the justice system. They wait for a victim before they can do anything. Unfortunately, I get parents messaging me all the time…. Our laws are a joke. That's the sad, sad thing. India just adopted a death penalty for sexual assault under the age of 12. We have third and second world countries taking stands against this and here we are, protecting them.”
Further, LaForge said the group is also pushing for a public registry of sex offenders.
But, they acknowledged, those would be “huge, huge steps” and said he's working with “not a lot of resources.”
See more: Surrey Creep Catchers' Ryan LaForge charged with assault, uttering threats (May 18, 2017)
See also: Creep Catcher Surrey president undettered by privacy complaint investigation
See also: SURREY'S CREEP CATCHER: Ryan LaForge aims to weed out ‘potential predators' and ‘blast' them on social media
In court on Monday, LaForge plead guilty to two counts of assault. While they had also faced charges of uttering threats and breach of undertaking, those were stayed.
LaForge will not serve any jail time, but was handed 12 months probation and was given a conditional sentence.
Their conditions include keeping the peace, notifying the court and probation office of any change in employment or occupation, to not possess anything resembling a weapon, and to not publish or make publicly available on the internet any information about individuals targeted by the group.
A former member of the group, Lance Loy, on May 22 also plead guilty to assault in connection to the April 19, 2017 incident.
Also facing charges after the April 3 incident is Burnaby resident Kuljinder Singh Bhatti, 35. Bhatti is accused of trying to lure a minor for a sexual purpose and making an arrangement with a person for a sexual offence involving a person under age 18.
Bhatti's next appearance in Vancouver Provincial Court is set for Aug. 27.
Since Surrey Creep Catchers' inception, Surrey RCMP have cautioned the public against such work.
“Police want to remind the public that vigilantism, no matter how well meaning, poses significant risks to the safety of all those involved,” Surrey RCMP Corporal Scotty Schumann said last year. “Using our highly trained investigators in a controlled environment is the best way to get dangerous offenders off our streets and ensure they are held accountable.”
They said police advise the public to go to www. cybertip.ca to report incidents of online sexual exploitation of children.
Meantime, Surrey Creep Catchers made national headlines September of 2016 after a woman working with the group posed as a 15-year-old girl and allegedly communicated with an off-duty Surrey Mountie online after posting an ad on Craigslist.
A meeting was set up outside the Boston Pizza at Surrey Central Shopping Mall in Whalley and LaForge and their crew live-streamed the sting on the Internet.
Constable Dario Devic was arrested on Sept. 9, 2016 and suspended from police duty. Devic was then charged in October, 2016 and currently faces one charge of child luring.  They are due in Surrey Provincial Court on June 4.
-With files from Tom Zytaruk
amy.reid@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Amy on Twitter
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Marseille, France, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a meeting in a farm in La Trinite-Porhoet, France March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a campaign rally in Toulon, France, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Laurenson/File Photo
(This story has been refiled to add Russia Today's denial in paragraph 18)
By Richard Balmforth and Michel Rose
PARIS France's polling commission has issued a warning over a Russian news report suggesting conservative candidate Francois Fillon leads the race for the presidency - something which contradicts the findings of mainstream opinion pollsters.
The cautionary note from the watchdog on pre-election polling followed allegations in February by aides of centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron that they were a target of "fake news" put out by Russian media including the Sputnik news agency.
Macron takes a hard line on European Union sanctions imposed on Moscow over the Ukraine crisis, whereas Fillon has said they are totally ineffective, creating a "cold war" climate that needs to be reversed.
Almost all media in France are drawing on polls that have shown since mid-February that Fillon, a former prime minister, is trailing in third place behind Macron and far right leader Marine Le Pen for the April 23 first round. Third place would mean Fillon's elimination from the May 7 runoff.
State-run Sputnik carried different findings in a report on March 29 under the headline: "2017 presidential elections: the return of Fillon at the head of the polls".
It quoted Moscow-based Brand Analytics, an online audience research firm, as saying that its study based on an analysis of French social media put Fillon out in front.
In a statement, France's polling commission said the study could not be described as representative of public opinion and Sputnik had improperly called it a "poll", as defined by law in France
"It is imperative that publication of this type of survey be treated with caution so that public opinion is aware of its non-representative nature," it said.
Brand Analytics' track record either for political polling or for commercial internet audience measurement outside of Russia and former Soviet territory is unknown.
Sputnik published an earlier online survey by the firm from mid-February which also showed Fillon with a strong lead over Macron and Le Pen at a time when other polls showed Macron's candidacy beginning to surge with Fillon in third place.
Neither Sputnik in Moscow, nor the company, responded immediately to emailed requests for comment on Sunday.
U.S. INTELLIGENCE WARNS
Richard Burr, head of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee which is investigating the Russian hacking during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign, said last week that the Kremlin was trying to interfere in the French vote.
The Kremlin denied in February that it was behind media and internet attacks on Macron's campaign.
Russia has a strong interest in the outcome of the French election since Macron has suggested imposing further sanctions on Moscow if it does not implement its side of a deal to resolve the crisis in Ukraine.
Fillon, once the frontrunner for the Elysee before they were hit by a scandal surrounding payments of public funds to their wife and children, dismissed as "fantasy" concerns of Russian interference in the election. Speaking last Friday, Fillon said they would seek a better balance in relations with a country that was nevertheless "dangerous".
Richard Ferrand, the head of Macron's En Marche! (Onwards!) party, said in February that Sputnik and another Russian state-run outlet Russia Today were spreading 'fake news' with the aim of swinging public opinion against Macron.
Russia Today, in a statement, said that it rejected any suggestion that it was part of spreading fake news in relation to Macron and the French election.
In February, Sputnik announced it would publish weekly French election polls using representative sampling from three mainstream polling firms - IFOP, Ipsos and OpinionWay - alongside an analysis of social media posts in France from Brand Analytics for which it did not disclose its survey methodology.
Separately, Sputnik carried a news report last Friday about Macron supporters being awarded state decorations when they had been a high-level functionary at the Elysee and economy minister in the Socialist government, suggesting this could amount to influence peddling.
It offered no proof that Macron had organised the decorations, which were sometimes awarded by other ministers. In several instances, it cited awards made by the economy ministry, without mentioning that Arnaud Montebourg, Macron's predecessor, was minister at the time.
The Sputnik report contrasted Macron's alleged action with a judicial inquiry into an award made when Fillon was prime minister to a billionaire friend who owned a cultural magazine where Fillon's wife drew a salary.
(Additional reporting by Michel Rose, Eric Auchard and Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Richard Balmforth; editing by)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nordea:
* ‍NORDEA BANK AB (PUBL) HAS TODAY, ON BEHALF OF WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY NORDEA HOLDING ABP (“NORDEA FINLAND”) APPLIED FOR ADMISSION OF NORDEA FINLAND‘S SHARES TO TRADING ON NASDAQ HELSINKI, NASDAQ STOCKHOLM AND NASDAQ COPENHAGEN.​
* ‍APPLICATION IS PART OF PREPARATIONS FOR PLANNED RE-DOMICILIATION OF PARENT COMPANY TO FINLAND.​
* ‍PROVIDED THAT RE-DOMICILIATION IS CARRIED OUT, WHICH AMONG OTHER THINGS REQUIRES A DECISION AT NORDEA‘S AGM ON 15 MARCH 2018, AND THAT NASDAQ HELSINKI, NASDAQ STOCKHOLM AND NASDAQ COPENHAGEN APPROVE APPLICATION INTENTION IS THAT TRADING IN NORDEA FINLAND‘S SHARE WILL COMMENCE DURING AUTUMN.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
The recent Capital Gazette shooting that left five dead was definitely one that hit close to home for the Express.
Working at a newspaper, you would never expect something like this to ever happen. The tragedy was a targeted attack by an individual who had a long history of conflict with the Maryland paper.
The key word in the series of stories written about this is ‘community.' Working at a newspaper is more about being just a journalist, it's about having that real connection between the stories you tell and your community, and the victims of the deadly attack knew that. They were dedicated to doing their job, which meant covering stories of the community from crime to local sports events and more.
The news staff at a community paper is more than just staff, it resembles that of a family.
Those who were senselessly killed were going to work each day to do their jobs, to serve their community.
Newspaper journalists oftentimes feel they have a duty to their community. It's not all about deadlines, having your byline tied to a specific story or covering fun events. Journalists go to work each day, reaching out to people of all walks of life to tell their stories, reaching out to the RCMP to report on crime or bad guys that are still on the loose or reaching out to those who have lost someone due to an accident, a murder, etc.
And that duty and determination for serving the community shined right through as the surviving colleagues were dedicated to continuing on, not letting the shooter stop their commitment to putting out a paper. Reporters put out a story reporting on the paper's own tragedy, the loss of their colleagues.
Often times, and especially in the United States, journalists are often portrayed as the bad guys, and in the U.S., the shooting came at a time when some reporters felt an increasing amount of hostility. Journalists are constantly threatened with online threats and harassment, sometimes acting as punching bags for politicians or those who simply don't want their misdoings published for the community to see. It also doesn't help that President Donald Trump can't stand the media.
Each and every day, journalists put out stories for the communities they serve and sometimes it's not an easy task. With so much happening in the world, it can be hard to go to murder trials, watching these criminals stare at you straight in the eye as they wait for their sentences, or attending a major car accident, watching as families hold onto one another crying at the loss of their family member. It's a tough job, but journalists do it all to serve their communities, to let people know what is happening around them and in a way giving remembrance to those who were lost.
Let us remember those of the Capital Gazette. Our condolences go out to all.
President Trump is getting tough on trade with China.
Trump signed a memorandum Monday that directs U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether an investigation is needed into alleged unfair Chinese trade practices. The move represents the first step in a process that could allow Trump to impose tariffs on Chinese imports or other punishing trade actions.
“This is just the beginning,” Trump said at the White House Monday. “We will defend our workers.”
It's Trump's latest warning to China on trade, and it comes the same week that administration officials begin to renegotiate NAFTA, the free trade deal between the U.S., Mexico and Canada.
The new order focuses specifically on alleged Chinese theft of U.S. intellectual property, a complaint expressed by a wide array of U.S. corporations that do business in China.
China is accused of trying to take a short cut by spying, hacking or forcing companies to hand over their intellectual property, such as a patent on a software product.
Chinese laws require foreign firms in some industries, such as energy and autos, to form joint ventures with local partners, which often results in the transfer of technology to Chinese companies.
In a report published this year, the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property named China as the main offender, estimating it costs the U.S. economy up to $600 billion a year.
Trump's memorandum comes as their administration also seeks cooperation with Chinese President Xi Jinping on North Korea's ongoing missile threats.
Trump routinely slams China's trade practices, and blames China for the loss of millions of manufacturing jobs. The U.S. had a $347 billion trade deficit with China last year, by far the largest deficit the U.S. has with any country. Trump wants to lower the deficit.
Brody Jenner‘s relationship with their father Caitlyn Jenner hasn't always been an easy one to navigate.
On Wednesday, PEOPLE confirmed Caitlyn will not attend their son's upcoming wedding to fiancée Kaitlynn Carter.
Caitlyn, 68, “has work commitments that have been set up for months and couldn't be changed in the end,” a source told PEOPLE.
Nevertheless, the source said “everything is good” between the two, adding that Caitlyn “will be throwing a big party for them when the newlyweds return to town.”
And while there's no bad blood over the wedding, Brody and Caitlyn haven't always had such a smooth relationship.
Caitlyn Jenner and Brody Jenner Earl Gibson III/Getty
A Rocky Childhood
Caitlyn has long acknowledged that they were an absent father to their four oldest children Cassandra, Burt, Brandon and Brody.
While the older Jenner children were not regulars on Keeping Up with the Kardashians, Brody did open up about their strained relationship with their father on the show in 2013.
(Caitlyn went by Bruce before transitioning in 2015. They now go by Caitlyn and uses female pronouns.)
“I think Bruce is an incredible human being and I think that Bruce is a great father, they just aren't a great father to me,” they said.
Brody said Caitlyn and their mother Linda Thompson had a “messy divorce” when they were young, which created tension in the family.
“I grew up with my stepdad,” said Brody, referring to David Foster. “Bruce was never around. I can't tell you how many birthdays went by where Bruce wasn't there. I resent them for that.”
Brody's strained relationship with Caitlyn also caused a rift in their bond with sisters Kendall and Kylie. A source tells PEOPLE that Brody was “never close” with their step-siblings, Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Rob Kardashian after Caitlyn married Kris Jenner.
“He didn't spend a lot of time with their dad when their dad married Kris, so they didn't see them as much,” the sources says.
And while Brody spent time with Kendall and Kylie when they were younger, they've grown apart.
“As much as they love them, they're not close,” the source adds. “It's unfortunate.”
Understanding Caitlyn's Transition
Before transitioning, Caitlyn battled depression and identity issues, which caused them to pull away from their family.
“The big, formative years for them, I was really struggling with those issues [of gender identity],” they said during a 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015.
Still, they take full responsibility for not being there for them kids.
“There's no excuse for not being a good parent, no matter how many problems that you have,” Jenner told ABC in 2017. “No excuse for that.”
And the former Hills star has remained supportive of Caitlyn‘s transition.
“The first thing I thought was just like, ‘It finally makes sense,'” Brody told ABC in 2017.
In fact, Brody said they actually prefers Caitlyn over Bruce.
John M. Heller/Getty Images;
“I've known Bruce for a long time and I didn't really get along with Bruce,” they said. “Caitlyn and I get along a little more, because Caitlyn is actually who they really are and she's living their life finally now as the person they actually are.”
Brody said they were able to start fresh with Caitlyn and let go of their resentment toward their father.
“It's like getting to know somebody – your dad – all over again, in a better way.”
Brody's siblings have expressed similar sentiments about their father's transition.
“In seeing them come out to me and explain their true self, I was more proud right then to carry the last name Jenner, to be a part of the family, than at any time before,” said Brandon.
Rebuilding a Relationship
Both Brody and Caitlyn have been making more of an effort to spend time together in recent years.
In 2016, Caitlyn spent Thanksgiving with Brody and their siblings.
“Thanksgiving with family is the best. And mine keeps getting bigger,” they wrote. “I hope you all had a wonderful day with your families!”
In April, Caitlyn celebrated their future daughter-in-law at their bridal shower at the Santa Anita Park racetrack in Los Angeles.
“Caitlyn and Linda both love Kaitlynn. They're so happy for Brody,” a source tells PEOPLE. “Brody and Kaitlynn are just trying to focus on the positive and who is there to support them.”
Caitlyn shared a photo from the bridal shower, writing how happy they were to attend.
“Went to my first bridal shower,” Caitlyn captioned a photo of them and Carter, 29. “I had so much fun! PS so much better than Bachelor parties!”
“I'm so happy you were there!!!” Carter commented on the post. “It meant a lot to me!!”
The rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below.
The player's name and number — complete with diamond — are on one side. The Philip F. Anschutz Trophy and team motto "All for One" adorns the other.
The team's 20-5-9 regular-season record and MLS record 59 points are inscribed on the inside of the ring. There are three stones stamped into the bottom of the ring to mark the three trophies won: the MLS Cup, Canadian Championship and Supporters' Shield.
Baron says it takes 10-12 weeks to make the rings. The process starts with a 3-D modelling program, which becomes a wax model that is cast.
The MLSE order called for 795 rings, with the exact bling varying over five different tiers.
"Every (MLSE) staff member is getting one," said Manning, who already has an MLS championship ring from 2009 with Real Salt Lake and a USL ring from 1999 with the Minnesota Thunder plus an NFC Conference champions ring in 2004 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
That includes the soccer team's "go-to babysitters" and BMO Field security.
"When we say all for one, it does mean everybody," said Manning
The staff rings are slated to be handed out Thursday.
The TFC boss declined to say how much the player rings cost.
"But I'll tell you that we as a company invested a lot of money not only for the players but our staff," they said.
Suffice to say you could probably buy a modest economy car with the cost of the deluxe players' ring.
The TFC players were quick to show off the new bling on social media. Striker Jozy Altidore posted a photo of themselves wearing the massive rink on their little finger.
"I would pinky swear, but my pinky ring is too big," they wrote.
Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco posted a close-up of their ring-wearing hand with the caption "The Lord of the Ring."
"Got a Ring!!!" tweeted defender Chris Mavinga, with several shots of their new jewelry.
Baron Championship Rings is a family affair, founded some 30 years ago. Richard Baron started with a Toronto jewelry store that did class and other rings but the business expanded into championship rings about 10 years ago.
Baron and Jostens, based out of Minneapolis, are the big players in championship bling. Jostens did the rings for the Houston Astros, Seattle Sounders, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots and Chicago Cubs to celebrate their recent titles and have partnered with the reigning NFL champion Philadelphia Eagles.
By the Bling
A look at the Toronto FC player championship rings:
— Each one has an approximate 3.30 carat weight.
— The ring includes 132 round brilliant diamonds, 42 princess-cut black diamonds, 2 custom-made black onyx stones (for the T logo), and a red garnet stone (with Toronto encrusted in it).
— The ring is 10-karat white gold ring with a 14-karat yellow gold star at the top.
— All rings weighs about 80 to 85 grams (depending on finger size), measuring 30 by 34 millimetres.
(Source: Baron Championship Rings)
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
The BC Lions crashed an aquafit class in Kamloops this week
If you like their moves on the field you'll be delighted with what they bring to the pool.
The BC Lions held their annual training camp in Kamloops this past week, but what was different about this year was an impromptu team workout session.
The football players piled into the pool at the Canadian Games Aquatic Centre for a little aquafit workout.
Several members of the Lions were filmed splashing about after taking a break from their training at Hillside Stadium.
Players also invited members of the public to attend their club's 2018 FanFest, last weekend, where those big and small had a chance to watch a practice and meet the Lions.
The team will be in Kamloops until June 7 for training.
Like the moves you saw in the pool? Wait til you see what we do at @bcplace! 😎🏈 And for our 65th season, we have an AMAZING HOME OPENER Deal! 2 🎟🎟
2🌭🌭
2🍺🍺or 🥤🥤 For JUST $65! BE THERE 👉🏻https://t.co/XFhygNkANH pic.twitter.com/8lWVvof5eu — BC Lions (@BCLions) May 30, 2018
@Jen_zee
jen.zielinski@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Kim Jong-un wants a historic, high-stakes meeting as soon as possible and suggested the North Korean dictator has been "very open" and "very honorable," a sharply different assessment of a leader they once denounced as "Little Rocket Man."
Trump's praise for Kim on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to their previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader. Beyond dubbing them "Little Rocket Man" from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall, Trump has threatened to deliver "fire and fury" upon North Korea and taunted Kim on Twitter that their own nuclear "button" was larger than the one in Pyongyang.
Later Tuesday, Trump sidestepped a question as to why they would use the word "honorable" to describe Kim, who has been accused of starving their own people, executing their political opponents and ordering the killing of a member of their own family.
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang's nuclear program. Trump, who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days, said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having "good discussions."
"We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world," Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. "Kim Jong-un, they really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing."
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises, but credited tough steps from their administration — including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies — for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks. And they again suggested that they would "leave the table" if the negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith.
"We'll see where that all goes," the president said. "Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it won't."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Trump's comments came days after a flurry of moves from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working. On Saturday, North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests — a move welcomed by Trump as "big progress."
However, the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons — as Trump suggested in a weekend tweet — or scale back its production of missiles and their related components. When pressed Tuesday on what they meant by the goal of "denuclearization," Trump said, "It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple."
"It would be easy for me to make a simple deal and declare victory. I don't want to do that," the president said.
This week, U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the Demilitarized Zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator. The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War.
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined.
As diplomacy gathered pace, White House officials and congressional aides said the Trump administration was considering nominating Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, as ambassador to South Korea. That key position has been vacant since Trump took office 15 months ago.
It would entail a shuffle in the administration's plans for key diplomatic assignments. Harris has already been nominated to be ambassador to Australia. Their Senate confirmation hearing for the Australia position had been due to take place Tuesday but was postponed.
One of the congressional aides said both the State Department and governments in both Australia and South Korea were informed that the administration is looking at a switch of postings for Harris, although nothing has been made official yet. The aide and other officials requested anonymity to discuss the plans as they were not authorized to discuss them.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who is Trump's choice for secretary of state, told their own confirmation hearing this month that the vacancy in Seoul needed "immediate attention." The man earlier tipped for the post, Korea expert Victor Cha, was passed over in January. They later voiced concern the administration was considering military action against North Korea.
Harris has spent nearly 40 years in uniform and has a reputation as a straight talker. In testimony last month before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Harris said that the U.S. could not be "overly optimistic" about outcomes for the planned Trump-Kim summit. "We have to go into this, eyes wide open," they told lawmakers.
Last year, the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet. The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North.
This year, Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and, according to South Korea and China, has expressed a commitment to denuclearization. There is still uncertainty about what they seek in return.
By Radio.com Staff
AFI has announced a co-headlining summer tour with Philadelphia's Circa Survive kicking off July 18 at The Tabernacle in Atlanta, GA with Citizen supporting. The dates extend the second leg of “The Blood Tour,” which kicks off June 2nd at The National in Richmond, VA. Prior to these North American shows, AFI will head overseas for a trio of UK shows with Deftones. See full schedule below.
The tour will help the Bay Area band promote the new self-titled tenth album referred to as “The Blood Album,” which hit stores in January. Tickets for the band's summer tour go on sale this Friday, April 21 at 10:00 am local time.
Related: DREAMCAR Releases New Track ‘All the Dead Girls'
Meanwhile, AFI frontman Davey Havok as been hard at work at the DREAMCAR frontman with various appearances including Coachella.
AFI with Circa Survive Tour Dates:
5/5 – London, UK @ Alexandra Palace w/ Deftones
5/6 – Manchester, UK @ O2 Apollo w/Deftones
5/7 – Glasgow, UK @ SECC w/Deftones
6/2 – Richmond, VA @ The National
6/3 – Pittsburgh, PA @ The Stage AE
6/4 – Cincinnati, OH @ Bunbury Music Festival
6/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The Norva
6/7 – Hartford, CT @ Webster Theater
6/10 – Derby, UK @ Download Festival
6/16 – Dover, NE @ Firefly Music Festival
6/17 – Providence, RI @ Lupos Heartbreak Hotel
6/18 – Sayreville, NJ @ Starland Ballroom
6/20 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues
6/21 – Portland, ME @ Aura
6/23 – Montebello, Canada @ Amnesia Rockfest
7/18 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle++
7/19 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium++
7/21 – St. Louis, MO @ Pageant++
7/22 – Kansas City, MO @ Arvest Bank Theatre @ The Midland
7/24 – Oklahoma, OK @ Diamond Ballroom++
7/25 – Papillion, NE @ Sumtur Amphitheater++
7/27 – Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre++
7/29 – Las Vegas, NV @ Brooklyn Bowl++
8/1 – San Diego, CA @ Car Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre++
8/2 – Paso Robles, CA @ Vina Robles Amphitheatre++
8/4 – Troutdale, OR @ Edgefield++
8/5 – Seattle, WA @ The Paramount Theatre++
++ co-headline with Circa Survive
FILE PHOTO: The European Union (EU) flag is seen on a sunny day and blue sky at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 29, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
VALLETTA The European Union will seek to renew economic sanctions against Russia when they expire at the end of July, encouraged by U.S. President Donald Trump's unexpectedly frosty relations with Moscow, EU diplomats and officials said.
The bloc imposed sanctions on Russia after Moscow annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and then backed separatist rebels in the east, helping drag relations between President Vladimir Putin and the West to a post-Cold War low.
While EU leaders have so far backed the sanctions, not all have done so with the same zeal. After Trump's campaign promises of warmer ties with Moscow the EU's resolve to remain united on the issue was seen being tested.
But with the U.S. leader's perceived shift in stance towards Russia, those pressures have eased, for now. A more imminent risk to the EU's united front, officials say, would be a surprise win for the far-right Marine Le Pen in France's presidential election on May 7.
"It seems a roll-over will be much less problematic than anyone expected," said one EU diplomat from a member state keen to maintain the sanctions.
Among the strongest supporters of renewing the sanctions are Sweden, the Baltic states and Poland, whose voice has been weakened by Britain's decision to leave the EU.
Those less convinced include Italy, Greece, Cyprus, Hungary, Spain and Bulgaria, who argue that three years of sanctions have failed to sway Moscow, and would like to restore business ties.
"We don't like the sanctions," said a Brussels-based diplomat from one of these countries.
"It's a huge business loss for us. But we will be with the majority," the diplomat added, acknowledging that a renewal of the sanctions regime looked likely.
The EU last month extended until September a blacklist of Russian individuals and entities for their role in the turmoil in Ukraine. And it is all but certain to extend separate restrictions on doing business in Crimea before the current ban expires in late June.
The renewal of sanctions requires unanimous support. An EU official dealing with the issue said this looked on track.
"First, we extend the Crimea ones. The economic ones should come after the June EU leaders' summit. There are two things that can affect this: the French elections and Trump," the official said.
Le Pen opposes Russia sanctions and wants them lifted. If they win the presidency, France could block an extension.
EU SEES WASHINGTON "TURNING OUR WAY"
The simmering conflict in eastern Ukraine has killed more than 10,000 people.
Germany and France, the EU's two leading powers which brokered peace agreements between Kiev and the Russia-backed rebels in 2014 and 2015, play a leading role in sanction decision-making through their debriefings to other EU states.
While the United States has no direct involvement, it is a strong influencer. Under Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, the G7 group of industrialised economies used to seek a joint stance on Russia which the European members took back to other EU states.
This may happen again when G7 leaders meet on May 26-27, a month ahead of the EU leaders' meeting in Brussels. It will be the first such summit with Trump and will also include Germany, France, Italy and Britain.
A third EU diplomat said that after concerns at the start of the Trump presidency, there was now a growing sense the White House would not be at odds with the EU stance.
"People didn't ask before for fear of getting the wrong answer," said a senior EU diplomat. "And it may prove the right strategy, the Americans seem to be turning around our way."
A fourth EU diplomat said the United States appeared largely absent from the Russia sanctions discussion. EU officials, though, do not rule out a thawing of Washington-Moscow relations at some point.
"A roll-over of sanctions is not in doubt now, but who knows further down the line, without U.S. support," the diplomat said.
(Additional reporting by Robin Emmott; Writing by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Richard Lough)
The U.S. Commerce Department has heaped another big tariff on Bombardier's new C Series jet — a win for Boeing.
The department's International Trade Administration said Friday that it would recommend a 79.82% tariff on the import of each roughly 110-seat Canadian airliner. The penalty stems from an allegation by Boeing that Bombardier sold the C Series to Delta Air Lines last year at “absurdly low prices.”
The ruling comes on top of 219.63% penalty recommended by Commerce's ITA on September 26. The agency found that national and provincial governments in Canada had given improper subsidies to Bombardier when the company was struggling several years ago.
A final decision on the tariffs will be made by the International Trade Commission, a quasi-judicial U.S. government agency. That ruling is expected in February.
Friday's ruling means Delta or any U.S. airline that buys the Bombardier plane would have to pay what is essentially a tax of 300% on its purchases. If the tariffs go forward, Delta would be faced with canceling its orders of the jetliner or passing the additional cost onto customers.
Bombardier has fiercely denied it received subsidies and unfairly lowered the price of its CS100 airliner as part of a deal to sell Delta as many as 125 planes. Bombardier and Delta also contend that the model it purchased does not compete with anything Boeing produces.
The trade feud has sparked a diplomatic row between the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Canada has threatened to kill a deal to buy Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets, and the U.K. said future Royal Air Force purchases from Boeing might be threatened should the tariffs be imposed.
“We won't do business with a company that's busy trying to sue us and put our aerospace workers out of business,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said last month.
Bombardier's aerospace division employs 28,500 worldwide, including more than 4,000 in Northern Ireland, where the jet's wings are manufactured.
Raw coffee beans are seen at a factory where coffee bought by Israeli company, Strauss, is prepared and packaged in Lod, Israel March 6, 2017. Picture taken March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
TEL AVIV Strauss Coffee has agreed to buy back a 25.1 percent stake in the company held by buyout firm TPG Capital Management for 257 million euros ($279 million), its parent company Strauss Group said on Tuesday.
The deal will contribute to earnings per share, said Israel-based Strauss Group, which owns the rest of Strauss Coffee. It did not provide details. Strauss paid TPG 172 million euros on Monday and will pay the remaining 85 million by Aug. 15.
Strauss said in December that TPG was looking to sell its 25.1 percent stake in Strauss Coffee.
TPG bought its stake in Strauss Coffee in 2008 for $293 million, but relations between the partners soured after TPG tried to keep a former TPG employee from losing their job as chief executive of the coffee firm. It lost that fight in court and the former employee was ousted in 2014.
(Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by Steven Scheer)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just as Brummies wave goodbye to the recent mini-heatwave, long-range forecasts are now showing signs of another spell of warm weather during the beginning of May.
Temperatures in the UK are set to fall back towards normal for the time of year this week, after soaring well above 20C in many parts of the country over the weekend.
However forecasters are growing in confidence that it won't be too long before sunny skies and spring-time heat will make a comeback.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise above average again by the middle of next week and potentially edge close to 20C in parts of the south-east.
But before then, the weather will to revert back towards more typical conditions for the time of year with rain forecast every day this week thanks to a wave of the Atlantic low pressure systems.
Temperatures are also expected to drop below average by midweek, with forecasters warning of the risk of snow, sleet and frost in places.
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
They added: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
Forecasters are predicting temperatures will linger in the low teens C across England and Wales.
Further north, values look set to dip into single figures at times and possibly close to freezing in parts of Scotland and northern England.
Overnight temperatures could plunge below 0C in Scotland and between 5-9C elsewhere, with risk of hard frosts developing in parts towards the end of the week.
Some showers may even fall as sleet, hail or snow across high grounds in Scotland, the Lake District and the North Pennines.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "In the UK minimum temperatures are expected to lower to around 4-6C with a risk of frost.
"However, they will be closer to freezing at around 3C in places in Scotland with the risk of brief early morning frost.
"And lower to around 0C at higher altitude where any precipitation would be in the form of sleet, or wet snow briefly during the colder early morning hours.”
But by the middle of next week forecasters say warm weather could return as temperatures start to lift above average again.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
According to some forecast models, the area of low pressure responsible for bringing in a cooler northerly flow to the UK this weekend will split and make way for warmer conditions during the first week of May.
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5 C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But they said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range."
The Great Bend Panther Booster Club will sponsor the 2nd annual “Pack the Park Night” on Tuesday at the Great Bend Sports Complex as the Lady Panther softball team hosts Dodge City in Western Athletic Conference action, and the Panther baseball team hosts TMP.
The Booster Club will be providing a meal for all those who attend the game. The cost is a free will donation. Youth team members who attend will be admitted free and receive a free meal when accompanied by a paid adult and wearing their teams hat or jersey.
The tailgate will take place from 5 to 6:30 p.m.
First pitch for the softball and baseball double header is set for 4 p.m.
Khloé Kardashian is keeping it real.
The new mom, 34, made headlines on Sunday when they slipped back into a bikini just three months after giving birth to daughter True Thompson, with their sister Kendall Jenner sharing a video of Kardashian showing off their post-baby body.
But as hard as Kardashian has been working on getting their “revenge body” back, they still made sure their fans knew that their flat tummy in the snap was really just camera angles at work.
“I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini…” Kardashian tweeted on Tuesday. “Thank God they know their angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL.”
“Laying down is a game changer,” Kardashian added, explaining that lounging time was a rare moment of relaxation. “I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping.”
Khloé Kardashian Kendall Jenner/Instagram
And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini… Thank God they know their angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer. I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping. — Khloé (@khloekardashian) July 3, 2018
Just because Kardashian “doesn't look like” they do in that picture, though, doesn't mean the new mom isn't working on it.
After their pregnancy, Kardashian has shared their rigorous workout regimen — which kicked off just six weeks after welcoming True on April 16 — with their fans on Instagram and Snapchat.
It hasn't always been easy. “The beginning parts of working out kind of suck because you're pushing your body so hard, you're so tired, and you're trying to get back into your rhythm,” the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star said in a clip on Snapchat.
Khloe Kardashian/Snapchat
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
“It's much more difficult than I think you expect it to be. I've been working out for 11 days now, I feel really good, but tired. My body is sore because it's re-waking itself back up,” they added.
Kardashian also said it's a challenge balancing taking care of their daughter and hitting the gym. “It's also a struggle trying to fit in working out between feedings,” they said. “No two days are the same. True is so great, but still, I can't predict if she's gonna sleep for the full two hours or if she's hungry.”
RELATED PHOTOS: Your Comprehensive Guide to Every Swimsuit the Kardashian-Jenners Have Worn Over the Years
Luckily longtime trainer Joel Bouraima (“Coach Joe”) has been on hand to help.
“We're back to five or six times a week,” Bouraima told PEOPLE. “But with less intensity. And sometimes we split it. We'll do 30-45 minutes of cardio in the morning and then weights and body in the afternoon.”
They added, “She doesn't have a specific weight goal in mind. We don't care about aesthetics. For nine months, they shared their body with another human being. Now, the goal is to be happy to work out again. They do want more definition, but we just started! And no matter what given the workouts we're doing, they are going to lose weight.”
RELATED VIDEO: Khloé Kardashian Shares Sweet Photos of Baby True: ‘I'm So Obsessed with Her'
As for the critics who began slamming Kardashian's dieting methods to lose their baby weight, the reality star was quick to clap back on Twitter.
“I truly dislike when people report I've lost a tremendous amount of weight in a short amount of time or when people claim I'm doing these ridiculous diets,” they tweeted. “It's really setting the wrong tone. I believe in making lifestyle changes when it comes to my food.”
“Dieting is great but dieting doesn't typically create long-lasting results,” they continued. “I also believe that working out is so incredibly healthy and should be done to each individual's own rhythm of life. There's no one size fits all with health and fitness.”
Las Vegas man gets more than 5 years in child porn case
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Federal prosecutors say a Las Vegas man who was found in possession of thousands of photos and videos of child pornography has been sentenced to more than five years in prison.
The U.S. Attorney's Office says Ryan Austin Rother was sentenced Tuesday. The 43-year-old earlier pleaded guilty to one count of possession of child pornography.
Officials say Rother's wife contacted police in October 2016 to report they had found child pornography on their computer. They say some of Rother's devices were later seized and a forensic evaluation revealed more than 15,600 images and 40 videos of child pornography.
Authorities say some of the images depicted infants and toddlers.
U.S. District Judge Jennifer Dorsey also ordered Rother to spend the rest of their life on supervised release after they leave prison.
Resorts World Manila president Kingson Sian says victims who were hiding – and eventually died of suffocation – likely thought there was more than one gunman
Published 1:55 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Lone gunman Jessie Carlos "instilled fear" and tricked the trapped Resorts World Manila victims into thinking there was more than one attacker, said the hotel-casino's president Kingson Sian.
Sian presented new CCTV footage before lawmakers as 3 House committees – games and amusements, public order and safety, and tourism – resumed their probe into the deadly Resorts World Manila attack on Wednesday, June 14. (READ: 3 questions answered at House probe into Resorts World attack)
On June 2, Carlos breached the hotel-casino's security, fired gunshots, and set casino tables on fire, leading to the deaths of 37 victims, including the wife of Pampanga 3rd District Representative Aurelio Gonzales Jr.
Police said Carlos later committed suicide by setting themselves on fire in a hotel room. They identified them as a former government tax specialist deep in debt due to gambling.
During the hearing on Wednesday, Sian used the new CCTV footage to reiterate how Carlos made the victims believe they had accomplices by placing a bag of bullets on top of one of the burning casino tables.
The video showed how the bullets began exploding on their own due to the heat, with Sian estimating a total of 300 rounds of gunfire.
"We highlighted this footage with the audio to dramatize the fear that was instilled among the people who were hiding," said Sian.
The Resorts World Manila president previously told lawmakers the victims died of suffocation because they chose to stay inside the two rooms where they were later found, afraid of being caught in the gunfire.
Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas also inspected the crime scene during the first hearing, where they discovered several victims died in a room that was only two meters away from a fire escape.
The 3 House committees agreed to issue a subpoena for David Chua to appear in the next hearing.  They are the chairperson of Travellers International Hotel Group Incorporated, which owns and operates Resorts World Manila.
Sian explained that Chua, a resident of Hong Kong, already left the Philippines on June 11 before receiving the House committees' invitation to appear before lawmakers.
Delayed information on CCTV room
On Wednesday, Resorts World Manila security personnel admitted they vacated the two CCTV surveillance rooms inside the hotel-casino by 12:20 am, just 13 minutes after the attack began. (READ: TIMELINE: Resorts World Manila attack)
The hotel security then transferred to their back-up CCTV room at the adjacent Remington Hotel.
Resorts World Manila chief operating officer Stephen Reilly maintained "at no time were all CCTV rooms abandoned."
"The CCTV rooms in Remington were manned 24/7," said Reilly.
But top police officials present said they were only informed about the existence of the back-up surveillance room hours after the attack. (READ: Resorts World Manila COO admits 'lapses in security' during attack)
"As we were checking room by room [inside Resorts World], we chanced upon a CCTV room. Walang tao (There was no one there)," said Pasay City police chief Senior Superintendent Dionisio Bartolome Jr.
Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa added Resorts World security chief Armeen Gomez only informed them about the Remington CCTV room 45 minutes after they arrived on the scene at around 2:20 am.
"Later on, around 45 minutes [later], they offered me the Remington CCTV monitoring room. That's why we were able to review [what happened] from start of the incident," said Dela Rosa. – Rappler.com
House Speaker Paul Ryan deleted a tweet Saturday touting the GOP tax overhaul after critics called them out for appearing out of touch with the reality of low-income individuals' financial situations.
The tweet shared the story of a secretary who, according to a report by the Associated Press, was “pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week.”
“A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, PA, said they were pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week … they said [that] will more than cover their Costco membership for the year,” Ryan tweeted with a link to the full article.
A basic Costco membership costs $60 a year.
People, including several prominent Democrats, noted on social media that $1.50 per week is not a significant pay bump.
“Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense,” Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-California, tweeted. “He also doesn't want you to know they got $500.000.00 from the Koch family.”
Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense. They also don't want you to know they got $500.000.00 from the Koch family. pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi (@TeamPelosi) February 3, 2018
Jon Favreau, a former Obama staffer, tweeted: “As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco.”
As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco. https://t.co/piiWqzOEGo — Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 3, 2018
“Remember, if you don't think benefits like an extra $1.50 a week and free Hostess snacks are good enough, you're the one who's out of touch,” they added.
Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minnesota, also tweeted a link to the since-deleted Ryan tweet, writing: “Wells Fargo, fresh off of defrauding millions of Americans, gets $3.4 billion.”
California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom tweeted with a screen shot of Ryan's tweet: “Guess someone told Paul Ryan you shouldn't go around praising yourself for giving a working person an extra $1.50 a week — because they deleted this tweet.”
Guess someone told Paul Ryan you shouldn't go around praising yourself for giving a working person an extra $1.50 a week — because they deleted this tweet. pic.twitter.com/JmrYpqvJhv — Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) February 3, 2018
Ryan's office did not immediately return CNN's request for comment.
Ryan's challenger also took the opportunity to fundraise off the flub.
Randy Bryce, the Democrat running to unseat Ryan in Wisconsin, tweeted: “Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told them just how out of touch they are. Show Paul Ryan what you think of their tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November.”
Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told them just how out of touch they are. Show Paul Ryan what you think of their tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November.https://t.co/c3Fii4Q0Jn — Randy Bryce (@IronStache) February 3, 2018
Republicans passed a major tax overhaul in December, which was considered one of Ryan's primary focuses in Congress.
× Senators concerned over offshore drilling impacts on Virginia military
NORFOLK, Va. – Virginia's two senators have raised concerns about how offshore drilling could impact military activity in Hampton Roads.
Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, both Democrats, sent a letter to Secretary of Defense James Mattis to share concerns about the risk of offshore drilling on local military assets.
The letter asks if the Department of Defense has conducted a comprehensive study about the specific challenges posed by the proposed five-year drilling plan.
The Senators are particularly concerned about the impact on the world's largest naval installation, Naval Station Norfolk, in addition to more than a dozen other DOD installations that span all the branches.
You can read the letter here or below:
Spring has sprung and everyone is in spring cleaning mode. We had the chance to talk to style icon and design entrepreneur, Rachel Zoe, who revealed their top fashion-forward trends for the season, as well as some simple steps to keep your clothes fresh and clean.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"You know, colors, I mean everything goes this spring. I mean there's very muted palettes, pastels, there's really bold palettes of primary colors and then of course there's like that in between, which is sort of like faded jewel tones and really beautiful mosaic prints. Tons of prints. Everything from a burnt out velvet, to a small little micro dot, to big, huge, florals, paisleys. It's very much about prints for spring and very much about color, which, you know, is typical of spring. But this season we have a lot of my favorite details, which is like fringe, and tassels, and braiding, and all that sort of stuff, which is so fun."
"Well, I mean, Lysol is such a trusted brand that we've all known and used and loved for years and of course they are the ones who thought of the most genius product that we can actually use on our clothes, because I think that the thing we really start the day with, right? So we really want to think about the things that are closest to our bodies and our families bodies and our children and getting rid of all the harmful bacteria that can cause, you know, illness and viruses and all of these things. And it's this incredible product that's actually a laundry sanitizer. So as someone who loves anything sanitizing and use it on my hands, you know, a hundred times a day, I love the idea of it being use din my laundry. I actually assumed like most people that when you wash your clothes it comes out without the harmful bacteria, but actually that's not the case. So by using this laundry sanitizer, it's actually guaranteeing that you're getting rid of 99.9% of all harmful bacteria that sits on our clothes and on your child's clothes. And it's so easy, you just add it directly to the laundry cycle and it's nothing to the rinse cycle. It's no time and you know that your killing all of those, you know, harmful bacteria. So for me that is such a priority and, you know, I'm sure for most people. It's a game-changer."
LOS ANGELES An actor best known for their role in the "Power Rangers" children's television series who admitted stabbing their roommate to death with a sword during an argument was sentenced on Thursday to six years in California state prison.
Ricardo Medina, 38, pleaded guilty earlier this month to one count of manslaughter stemming from the Jan. 31, 2015, incident.Prosecutors say Medina stabbed Josh Sutter with a sword multiple times as the two men argued about the actor's girlfriend at their apartment in Palmdale, north of Los Angeles.
Following the fatal confrontation Medina called 911 and remained at the scene until sheriff's deputies arrived.
Medina was arrested at the time of Sutter's death but released within days after prosecutors asked for further investigation into the high-profile case.
Medina played the Red Lion Wild Force Ranger on the popular "Power Rangers Wild Force" children's television series.
They also voiced the character of Deker on a later series, "Power Rangers Samurai," which, like "Power Rangers Wild Force," was a rebranded version of the 1990s series "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers."
They have also appeared on such prime-time shows as "CSI: Miami" and "ER."
(Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Leslie Adler)
SINGAPORE, April 12 (IFR) - Asian credits widened in the morning on heightened geopolitical risks as North Korea threatened to fire a nuclear missile as the US boosts its military presence in the region.
The sour mood hit Bank of China's bumper US dollar bond issue priced yesterday. The new 2022s and 2027s pushed out 3bp in the morning from reoffer spreads of 112.5bp and 135bp.
But the bonds recouped the losses by afternoon, returning to reoffer levels as China held emergency talks with the US to calm tensions.
Citic Securities' 2020s and 2022s were similarly hit, widening slightly from reoffer spreads of 135bp and 150bp, respectively. The 2022s were quoted at 153bp/151bp.
"The sentiment is a touch softer, as it has been since the beginning of the week," said one investment-grade trader.
"New bonds are not performing well. Going forward, the markets are going to be sensitive to headlines, particularly the geopolitical risks in Korea and Syria."
Oil India's 2027s were not spared with quotes at 177bp/175bp, more than 3bp wider from the reoffer spread of 172.5bp.
The heightened political risk did not affect Korea Expressway's newly priced floating rate note much. The 2020 bond was surprisingly holding up at 70bp over three-month Libor, where the bonds were priced.
The iTraxx Asia IG index was broadly unchanged at 99bp/100bp. China's 5-year CDS was about 4bp wider while South Korea's default risks pushed out 2bp.
(Reporting by Kit Yin Boey; Editing by Vincent Baby)
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny attends a hearing after being detained at the protest against corruption and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, at the Tverskoi court in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva/File Photo
MOSCOW Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny said on Tuesday they had lost 80 percent of sight in their right eye after an assailant threw green liquid in their face last week, but could not get treatment abroad because of a travel ban.
Navalny, who hopes to run for the presidency next year, organised the biggest anti-government protests in years in March, and has become the most prominent opposition challenger to President Vladimir Putin, who is widely expected to run for what would be a fourth presidential term in March 2018.
A 40-year-old former lawyer who has made a name for themselves inside Russia investigating the finances of top government officials, Navalny was jailed for 15 days for their part in the March protests.  They are calling for more on June 12.
Opinion polls suggest they do not pose a serious threat to Putin at the ballot box, but their muckraking investigations have angered the Kremlin. Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, the target of one, earlier this month dismissed Navalny as one of several "political conmen."
On Thursday, a man whom Navalny's supporters have identified as a member of a radical ultra-nationalist group threw green liquid in their face in Moscow. [L8N1HZ9SO] Footage of the attack, the second time Navalny had suffered such an assault in as many months, was shown on a pro-government TV channel.
At first, it didn't seem serious since the green solution, known as "zelyonka", is sold as an antiseptic in Russian pharmacies, and while it stings the eyes is not harmful.
But Navalny said in a statement on Tuesday that they had suffered a chemical burn to their right eye as a result of the assault which had robbed them of 80 percent of their sight in that eye and that a doctor had told them they were sure the antiseptic must have been mixed with something else.
"For now the loss of sight is not irreversible," said Navalny. "I'm being actively treated and there's hope I will be healed." But they said they were unable to get treatment in a specialised clinic in Switzerland or Spain because of a foreign travel ban imposed over what they say is a politically-motivated embezzlement conviction.
The authorities have so far not opened an investigation into the attack on him, something Navalny said was the subject of an official complaint. They have accused the Kremlin of being linked to the attack. The Kremlin denies involvement in any political violence.
An opinion poll published by the Levada Centre on Tuesday, based on the views of 1,600 people across the country showed 48 percent would vote for Putin if the election was held now against just 1 percent who said they would vote for Navalny.
(Editing by Alexander Winning)
ROLLS ON A ROLL We're Pleasantly Surprised By The Performance Of These Tires Made Completely Out Of Duct Tape
We still can't recommend you try this at home as it feels like a serious safety hazard.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Jacqueline Drye is a great teacher at J.E.B. Stuart Elementary School in Richmond, but they are not always in their assigned classroom.
"The regular teacher is out on an extended medical leave, so somebody had to step in there," Ms. Drye said the day we showed up for an interview. "I volunteered."
It's just the kind of thing they have been doing ever since they joined the school as assistant principal in 2014. On their first day walking the halls, they liked almost everything they saw. But something was missing.
"I said to my principal, Jennifer Moore, 'Where's the choir?' They said, 'We don't have a choir.' I said 'Well now, would you like a choir?'" Ms. Drye recalled. "She said, 'Sure, but who's going to do it?'"
Ms. Drye volunteered and now the assistant principal and teacher is also the founder and director of the J.E.B. Stuart Elementary choir.
The children are loud and proud.
"They have so much energy and they want to perform," they said. "They want to make people happy."
Being a role model is one thing, but to do that consistently, selflessly, while always smiling and staying positive? That's how you build better minds.
"We have a slogan here," Ms. Drye said. "It says 'Our students are worth whatever it takes.' I don't know how I do it, but I find the time. And it just gets done."
Even when not at school she's thinking about helping kids. Ms. Drye wrote two children's books,
“Ms. Drye Tells a Story” and “Jo Jo the Bunny”.
FILE PHOTO - A woman walks past a map showing the elevation of the sea in the last 22 years during the World Climate Change Conference 2015 (COP21) at Le Bourget, near Paris, France, December 11, 2015. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
NORFOLK, Va. Climate change poses a global security threat that all countries must fight together, a NATO general said on Wednesday, as U.S. President Donald Trump nears a decision on whether to pull out of the Paris climate deal.
The comments were the strongest yet from the U.S.-European military alliance about the importance of upholding the Paris accord. They come amid lingering tensions between the leadership of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Trump, who at one point called NATO "obsolete".
"There is a huge necessity that the U.N. continues to involve all nations and coordinate the action of all nations," to fight climate change, General Denis Mercier, NATO's supreme allied commander for transformation, told Reuters on the sidelines of a conference in Norfolk, Virginia.
"If one nation, especially the biggest nation ... if they do not recognize a problem, then we will have trouble dealing with the causes," of climate change, said Mercier.
Though they did not single out any country by name, the United States is the world's biggest economy and the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases after China.
Trump, a Republican, is weighing whether the United States should stay in the Paris climate agreement, a deal struck by nearly 200 countries in 2015 to limit global warming by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and to provide funds to poor countries dealing with the effects of climate change. [L8N1I56C4]
Trump has complained that the United States was treated unfairly in the agreement because it would pay more than other countries to fight global warming.  They are expected to decide in the next week or two on whether the country will leave the pact, or stay in with reduced commitments. [nW1N1GA00N]
Their Democratic predecessor, former President Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025.
NATO's duty when it comes to climate change is to try to predict its impacts on geopolitical stability, said Mercier, who is French. They said risks include rising seas, water scarcity and the opening of access to resources in the Arctic - all of which they said are likely to bring about new conflicts that could involve the 28 NATO countries.
A global effort to stem climate change could help the world avoid some of these crises and conflicts, they said.
"It's not too late, but it is time," they added.
Norfolk, home to the world's largest naval base, already faces severe risks from rising sea levels. The main road to U.S. Naval Station Norfolk has experienced chronic flooding, and electric and water utilities supporting the base are threatened every time the waters rise.
"In some circles many public policymakers do not want to use (the words) global warming or climate change, but the reality is we are experiencing it, Norfolk Mayor Kenneth Alexander told reporters on the sidelines of the conference.
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions have fallen recently due to a switch from coal to natural gas and renewables in generating electricity. But many climate experts fear that if Washington leaves the Paris accord, or adjusts down its commitments, other countries could follow suit and global emissions could surge.
Many companies including ExxonMobil Corp, Microsoft Corp, and Arch Coal Inc, have urged the United States to stay in the Paris agreement, in part to retain their global competitiveness.
(Reporting by Timothy Gardner; editing by Richard Valdmanis and Tom Brown)
March 30 First Credit Finance Group Ltd :
* Revolving loan agreement was entered into among lender, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of company, borrower and guarantor
* Lender has agreed to grant facility in principal amount of up to hk$6.5 million to borrower
* First credit finance group ltd- lender being first credit limited
Source text (bit.ly/2nOH4Ig)
Further company coverage:
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City Police are looking for a man they said broke into their estranged wife's home early Friday morning and seriously injured them and their young daughter with a knife.
KCTV reported police officers, around 1:45 a.m., responded to Scarritt Avenue and Lawndale Avenue in response to a break-in and cutting.
The woman at the home had serious lacerations to their hands and arms, along with a cut on the left side.
Them 8-year-old daughter — who stood between their mother and the assailant during the assault — received minor injuries, police said.
The mother's injuries are considered non-life-threatening.
Shortly after the cutting, police described both the mother's and their daughter's conditions as serious but stable.
The estranged husband is not in custody, and police have not released their name or a description of him.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Branded filmmaker collective The Story Shop put together this tight parody film to skewer a trope we're pretty sure everyone is getting sick of but no one can resist: the famous "Kids these days are so lazy! Back in my day, we had it way harder!" fallacy.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, Chris Borland, a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin, testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield, Ill., on House Bill 4341, which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age. (Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP, File)
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays. The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday.
Related: Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related: NFL reaches $765 million settlement; Did players get enough?
The Associated Press
INQUIRER BANDERA MINDANAO AUGUST 15, 2017 Bandera
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
SRINAGAR Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged the youth of Kashmir on Sunday to choose tourism and development over terrorism, shortly after inaugurating a 37.2 billion rupee (457 million pound) highway tunnel in the northern state of Jammu and Kashmir.
"While on the one hand youth in Kashmir were busy pelting stones, on the other some youth were breaking stones to carve out this tunnel," they said, referring to unrest in the state that followed a security force raid that killed militant leader Burhan Wani last July.
The violence since last summer, largely in the form of troops firing on civilian crowds with shotguns after protesters throw stones, has left 84 civilians dead and more than 12,000 civilians and security force personnel wounded.
In addition to increased security, Modi's government has tried wooing the local population with the promise of a better future through investment, job creation and infrastructure development.
Modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state. A government press release said the project "has provided employment to over 2,000 unskilled and skilled youth of Jammu and Kashmir as 94 percent of the work force was from the state."
"We have a plan to make nine such tunnels in the state," Modi said, adding better connections would mean more jobs.
Both India and Pakistan claim Kashmir in full, but govern separate parts, and have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947, two of them over Kashmir.
Modi said on Sunday the government and people of the state would show “those people in the other side of Kashmir” - those living in the Pakistan-administered side - how they are being left behind in growth and development.
Separatist factions of Kashmir had called for a strike to oppose Modi's visit.
About an hour after the speech, a police officer was killed and seven others were injured when militants hurled a grenade at them in Nowhetta area of Srinagar.
(Reporting by Fayaz Bukhari and Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Tom Lasseter and Mark Potter)
Subsurface & Tunnel Engineering LLC (STE) Launched
0 comments Posted on Apr 17, 2017 in News
Subsurface & Tunnel Engineering LLC (STE) offers heavy civil tunnel and underground construction engineering. Established in Frederick, Maryland, by founding principal Mohamed Younis, STE offers engineering solutions to the underground construction industry serving owners, consultants, and contractors.
STE's philosophy is to produce adaptive engineering approaches to accommodate changes throughout the project. STE combines applied experience with modern engineering techniques to develop optimal solutions to underground challenges.
Younis has worldwide experience with tunnel applications in water, wastewater, transportation and mining industries. Their design and construction work has taken them to projects in Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Chile, India, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and throughout the United States.
“We use practical experience to foresee challenges and put forward appropriate solutions to overcome those challenges to keep the project on track or get it back on track,” Younis, said. “Our aim is to provide adaptive solutions to achieve project objectives successfully and efficiently.”
STE is building a core staff of highly talented engineers to efficiently carry out its mission. STE strives to be a center of excellence for underground design and construction.
TBM Online - 2017
A proposal to introduce parking charges on Sundays would be the “final nail in the coffin” for Wakefield, readers have warned.
Wakefield Council this week revealed plans to charge for overnight, Sunday and Bank Holiday parking at its pay and display car parks across the district as well as for on-street parking.
Charges could also be introduced at Anglers County Park at the same rate as Pugneys.
And free parking at Thornes Park, Minsthorpe Leisure Centre, Normanton Leisure Centre and Library and Pontefract Pool could also be limited to three hours.
The proposal, which the council is consulting on for the next five weeks, has prompted major backlash from our readers, who fear it will drive people away from the city centre.
Charles Lawton said: “Don't they understand that Wakefield is already struggling to attract people and all this will do is send more to shopping centres where parking is free?”
And Pete Knowles, Steve McPhie, Cathie Swain, Peter Morris and Catherine Taylor all said the move would be a “nail in the coffin” for the city.
Others raised concerns that people would instead shop at out-of-town shopping centres and retail parks where parking is free.
Nicola Wensley said: “People will just go to White Rose or Meadowhall it will drive people away not attract then to the city.”
And Darren Thompson said: “Is it any wonder the small towns are dying out? People will just go to shopping centres, all under one roof, usually more choice, with restaurants, cinemas and FREE parking.”
The council is asking people to share their views on the proposal, in a consultation open until November 7.
If approved, the changes would come into force in the new year.
Coun Matthew Morley, cabinet member for transport and highways, said: “These proposals aim to make more parking spaces available for genuine users of our leisure and parks sites across the district, and allow us to take enforcement action to tackle any issues.”
They said any income generated would be used to fund improvements to the car parks, a suggestion supported by some readers.
Sean Cook said: “If it's 50p on those days like it is at Trinity Walk then I don't see what everyone's problem is. As long as it gets reinvested properly then I'm all for it.”
And Guy Leech added: “If it is a way to help boost their funds after the government cuts then so be it.”
l Visit www.wakefield.gov.uk/parkingconsultation to have your say.
KAZAN, Russia — To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centred on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for their substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The University of Kansas Health System has signed a letter of intent to purchase the operations of Great Bend Regional Hospital and its affiliated clinics, including Central Kansas Family Practice and Heartland Regional.
When due diligence is complete, and the transaction closes this summer, Great Bend Regional Hospital would become part of The University of Kansas Health System, which includes The University of Kansas Hospital in Kansas City, HaysMed in Hays, Pawnee Valley Community Hospital in Larned and The University of Kansas Health System St. Francis Campus in Topeka (in partnership with Ardent Health Services).
The University of Kansas Health System is committed to providing the highest quality care to people of Kansas and the region. We are excited to bring great access to the resources of the state's academic health system to Great Bend, so patients can stay closer to home to receive the most advanced care possible. This model also preserves local care in the community, ensuring the hospital remains a strong local employer and healthcare provider in Great Bend and the region for years to come.
We understand the vital role hospitals play in local communities, not only as providers of healthcare services but as employers and drivers of economic development. The health system team is committed to working with Great Bend physicians, nurses and staff to achieve even more for this community and the region.
The people who built Great Bend into the valuable community health care resource it is today are key to driving our future growth together. We plan to keep substantially all of the existing Great Bend workforce in place. The health system will work with employees in the coming weeks to discuss the process of transitioning employment and benefits.
(Repeats article published earlier, no changes)
By Liz Hampton
HOUSTON, March 29 An aging California refinery is testing PBF Energy Inc's reputation as a turnaround whiz, with mounting production woes and costly repairs at the 88-year-old plant throwing a wrench into efforts to quickly revive profits.
The refinery, acquired from Exxon Mobil Corp for $537.5 million, has reported frequent breakdowns since the deal closed last July. On April 1, a regional air-quality regulator expects to consider the plant's frequent breakdowns and emissions, along with a plan to enhance safety with an expensive phase out of a chemical used in gasoline production.
PBF is spending $100 million this year to improve operations, and is budgeting another $50 million for upgrading its electric power to prevent outages. Phasing out the use of modified hydrofluoric acid at the plant presents a potentially larger bill that was not on the table when PBF bought the refinery last July.
This week, the company lowered its estimate of first-quarter crude throughput at Torrance by 16 percent. It has said the overhaul would allow the Torrance refinery to boost production and hit profitability goals. "These things will be fixed," PBF Chief Executive Tom Nimbley assured analysts on an earnings call last month.
The problems are weighing on earnings. Last year, the company missed its earnings goals due at least partly to outages at Torrance and at PBF's Delaware City, Del., refinery. It posted an operating loss of $61.7 million in the fourth quarter compared with earnings of $168 million a year earlier.
"We left $75 million on the table in the fourth quarter and more than $300 million in terms of lost profit opportunities for the year," Nimbley said, discussing fourth quarter results.
The push to phase out hydrofluoric acid, widely used in refining and semiconductor industries, came after a tank holding the chemical suffered a "near miss" from a 2015 explosion, according to a federal probe of the blast.
Hydrofluoric acid can form a toxic cloud at room temperature and exposure can cause severe health problems and lead to death. An estimated 330,000 people live or work near the refinery.
(Graphic - Sulfur Oxide Emissions From Southern California Refineries: tmsnrt.rs/2nxFE4e)
The South Coast Air Quality Management District may push to adopt a rule to phase out use of the acid by December. A study commissioned by the air regulator estimated switching to sulfuric acid would cost around $100 million for each of the refineries in the region that use it.
PBF said in a statement that figure was "exceptionally low," and called a switch to sulfuric acid for gasoline output cost-prohibitive. A company executive has said the switch could worsen the plant's emissions.
A refiner in Texas is building a similar unit for $300 million.
"I see no way they could avoid doing the upgrade if they wanted to stay in the gasoline business," said Robert Campbell, an analyst at consultancy Energy Aspects.
Acquisitions made PBF the fourth largest independent refiner in the United States. It proved its skills by buying a Delaware City refinery, overhauling it and quickly cutting annual expenses by $200 million.
But the Torrance deal was troubled from the start. Closing was contingent on the plant running 15 days straight without a breakdown, but PBF went ahead despite an incident 10 days ahead of closing, saying it was not material and Exxon covered repair costs.
SULFUR EMISSIONS
Local residents are pressuring elected officials and PBF due to noticeable gas-flaring and emissions.
Last year, the facility released 487 tons of sulfur oxide, nearly 20 times greater than Valero Energy Corp, Southern California's second biggest polluter, which released just under 25 tons, according to figures from SCAQMD, which may be subject to revisions.
PBF disputes the regulator's figures. It said 16 tons of the sulfur releases were under its ownership. It expects that figure to decline to less than 4 tons if its requests for revisions are upheld.
"They will turn things around eventually," said a person familiar with the plant, adding: "It's going to take time."
Investors are not patient. In the last year, PBF's share price has slid 35.1 percent to $21.11 per share, more than peers Tesoro, which is down 9 percent, or Valero, which is up 1.6 percent over the same period.
(Reporting by Liz Hampton, Jessica Resnick-Ault, Jarrett Renshaw; Editing by Gary McWilliams and David Gregorio)
ISTANBUL — ISIS has claimed responsibility for the deadly New Year's attack at an upscale Istanbul nightclub which left 39 dead.
As authorities in Turkey continue their search for the attacker, the terror group offered no further clues about the identity of the assailant. The claim — made in a statement posted to Twitter — cannot independently be verified by CNN.
“In continuation of the blessed operations which ISIS carries out against Turkey, a soldier of the brave caliphate attacked one of the most popular nightclubs while Christians were celebrating their holiday,” the statement posted to Twitter reads.
Earlier on Monday, the Kurdistan Worker's Party, or PKK, distanced itself from the attack, which took place at the Reina nightclub during the early hours of January 1.
“No Kurdish forces have anything to do with this attack,” it said in a statement. “The Kurdish freedom fight is also the fight for democratization of Turkey. That's why we won't target innocent and civilian people.”
Dozens of people were hospitalized following the attack. As of Monday, 46 were still being treated, including one American, according to the Istanbul governor's office. A handful of the injured were in critical condition.
Those killed in the attack hailed from 14 countries, including India, Morocco, Jordan, Canada, Russia, Tunisia, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
The suspected shooter, who stormed the nightclub soon after the clock struck midnight, appears to have evaded the tight security that blanketed Turkey's largest city over the New Year, but authorities were confident they would apprehend them soon.
“There is strong coordination and we will find him, no delay,” Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told reporters gathered outside an Istanbul hospital, where they had been visiting people injured in the attack.
Footage of the attacker shooting a security guard and police officer at the entrance of the nightclub has emerged, lending credence to Turkish authorities' claim that they carried out the attack alone.
A security official showed the entrance to CNN, confirming that it was the site of the video.
“We are face to face with a terror attack,” Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters Sunday morning, adding, “the efforts to locate the terrorist are ongoing. Security forces have begun the necessary operations. God willing soon (the attacker) will be apprehended.”
World leaders condemned the shooting and US officials also called it a terrorist attack, making it the first of 2017.
‘At first we thought it was a fight'
Witnesses who survived the attack explained how what should have been a celebratory evening turned into a bloodbath.
“We were having fun. At first we thought it was a fight, then there was a lot of gunfire,” eyewitness Yunus Turk told CNN.
“After the gunfire everyone started to run toward the terrace. We ran as well. There was someone next to me who was shot and fell on the floor. We ran away and hid under the sofas.”
Another eyewitness said they didn't know how many attackers there were, but they saw one person and hid.
“I got shot in the f****** leg, man,” they told journalists as they were taken into an ambulance.
“These crazy people came in shooting everything.”
On Sunday, the club issued a statement on its Facebook page.
“This terrible incident is a terror attack against our citizens' peace, brotherhood, serenity, economy, tourism and against our nation,” the statement read.
“Our hearts bleed and the bullets are in our heart,” it added.
A violent year
ISIS and Kurdish militants both have staged attacks in Turkey, which is still reeling from a bloody and failed military coup in July.
ISIS was suspected to be behind the attack on Ataturk Airport in June that left 44 people dead and an explosion at an August wedding, not far from the border with Syria, that killed at least 54 people.
Meanwhile, Turkish security forces clash almost daily with Kurdistan Workers Party, or PKK, militants, mostly in predominantly Kurdish parts of southeastern Turkey.
In December, a pair of bombings in Istanbul killed 44 people and wounded 155 others in an attack by a breakaway group of the PKK. The two explosions occurred after a heavily attended soccer game at Besiktas Vodafone Arena.
Also in December, a car bomb exploded near a public bus, killing 13 soldiers in the central province of Kayseri. Three days later, a gunman assassinated Russia's ambassador to Turkey at an Ankara art gallery.
CNN's Karen Smith, Sara Sirgany, Steve Almasy, Gul Tuysuz, Nadeem Muaddi, Laura Koran, Joel Williams, Steve Brusk, Mayra Cuevas and Darran Simon contributed to this report.
An investigation by Wells Fargo & Co's (WFC.N) board laid blame for the company's unauthorised accounts scandal on a high-pressure sales culture and a retail executive obsessed with stamping out negative views about their division.
The report, carried out by board Chairman Stephen Sanger and three other independent directors and released to media on Monday, said former retail division head Carrie Tolstedt ignored the systemic nature of abusive sales practices and accused them of obstructing the board's efforts to get to the bottom of an issue that festered for years.
Lawyers for Tolstedt rejected the report's findings on Monday. Tolstedt had declined to be interviewed for the investigation.
"We strongly disagree with the report and its attempt to lay blame with Ms. Tolstedt. A full and fair examination of the facts will produce a different conclusion," Enu Mainigi, Williams & Connolly LLP, attorneys for Tolstedt, said in a statement.
Sanger, a board member since 2003, faces pressure to root out the problems amid calls by advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services for investors to oust them and other directors in place when the scandal broke. Advisory group Glass Lewis meanwhile has recommended votes against six board members at the bank's April 25 annual meeting.
"The findings showed that the board took the appropriate action with the information that it was given," Sanger told a media briefing. “I think we have taken full responsibly for making sure the changes are made to make sure that this never happens again."
With the Department of Justice as well as U.S. Attorney offices in San Francisco and Charlotte, North Carolina looking into the sales practices, experts said Wells Fargo's board was under pressure to ensure the buck stopped with someone else.
“There's a tremendous amount of pressure from regulators to throw someone under the bus,” said Duke Law School professor James Cox, who specializes in corporate and securities law. “If they don't, then Wells Fargo is going to be even more in the crosshairs.”
The Department of Justice declined to comment on its probe.
Wells Fargo said Tolstedt had been fired for cause and it would cancel approximately $47 million worth of stock options held by them The bank said it would also claw back approximately $28 million from former chief executive John Stumpf, who failed to heed warnings about the scale of the problem
BLINDED BY SUCCESS
Stumpf, who retired under pressure from the scandal in October, was criticized for failing to grasp the gravity of the sales abuses and their impact on the bank.
In the 110-page report, Stumpf was described as blinded by Wells Fargo's cross-selling success. They refused to believe the model was seriously impaired and was full of admiration for Tolstedt, with whom they had a long working relationship. According to one director, Stumpf praised Tolstedt as the "best banker in America."
The report said Tolstedt hid the scale of the misconduct from the board, which only discovered that 5,300 staff had been fired for opening more than 2 million unauthorised accounts when the bank reached a $185 million settlement with regulators in September.
A lawyer for Stumpf declined to comment on the report.
The bank has fired five senior retail bank executives, including Tolstedt, over the scandal and imposed forfeitures, clawbacks and compensation adjustments on senior leaders totalling more than $180 million, including $69 million from Stumpf and $67 million from Tolstedt.
Since the scandal broke, the bank has seen a steady decline in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts and has lost its status as America's most valuable bank by market value.
A NOTEWORTHY RISK
Sales practices were identified as a “noteworthy risk” to the board and its risk committee, of which Sanger was a member, in 2014 after a series of stories in the Los Angeles Times detailed some of the practices.
But Tolstedt was left to deal with the issue and was “notoriously resistant to outside intervention and oversight” the report said.
Multiple board members felt misled by a presentation by Tolstedt and others to the risk committee in May 2015. The board members said they left thinking that between 200 and 300 employees had been fired for sales practice abuses and the problem was largely concentrated in southern California.
The report criticized the board for not centralizing risk functions at the bank earlier, not requesting more detailed reports from management and not insisting Stumpf get rid of Tolstedt sooner.
Tim Sloan, who replaced Stumpf as CEO, was described in the report as having little contact with sales practices at the bank before becoming chief operating officer and Tolstedt's boss in November 2015. Six months later they told them to step aside.
Since the scandal broke, the bank has ended sales targets, changed pay incentives for branch staff, separated the role of chairperson and CEO and hired new directors to its board.
NO BAD NEWS, NO CONFLICT
A big part of Wells Fargo's problem was its decentralized business model, which meant the retail bank was able to keep inquiries from head office at arm's length. There was no joined-up effort by either the bank's human resources or legal divisions to track and analyse the problem.
As far back as 2002, Wells Fargo's retail bank was taking steps to deal with sales practice violations and in 2004 an internal report recommended eliminating sales goals for employees.
That report was sent to, among others, the chief auditor, a senior in-house employment lawyer, retail bank HR personnel and the head of retail bank sales & service development. No action was taken.
Externally, Wells was lauded by investors for cross-selling customers multiple products and for its squeaky-clean reputation relative to peers following the financial crisis.
Internally, the sales pressure was oppressive, particularly in California and Arizona, where senior bankers sometimes called subordinates several times a day to chastise those who failed to meet sales objectives.
Tolstedt was perceived by high-level employees as having the support of Stumpf, with whom it was considered best to avoid raising problems with.
"Stumpf was ultimately responsible for enterprise risk management at Wells Fargo, but was not perceived within Wells Fargo as someone who wanted to hear bad news or deal with conflict," the report said.
Wells Fargo shares were down 0.47 percent at $54.58 in morning trading.
(Additional reporting by David Henry and Elizabeth Dilts in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman and Meredith Mazzilli)
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament.
Solomon Mire missed out on the chance to become Zimbabwe's first century-maker in a T20 international as their 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost their first toss in the tri-series and their team was put in to bat.
Opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe.
It was Zimbabwe's third straight loss.
CARNEGIE Voters in the Carnegie Public Schools district will decide the fate of a $4.2 million school bond issue when they visit the polls Feb. 13.
The proposed 10-year bond issue would fund multiple projects around the school campus that have been in need of repair or replacement for some time. Chief among them will be the purchase and installation of new roofing for the middle school and high school buildings. The roofs on those buildings have never been replaced since they were originally built. A new heating and air system for the high school also will be part of the installation. This portion of the project will cost an estimated $3.24 million.
The district will also replace the heating and air system at the Memorial Building for an additional $50,000.
Another $755,000 will be dedicated to constructing and installing two storm shelters one at the elementary school building and another for the middle school and high school. The safety of students, faculty and staff is a top priority for the district.
Extracurricular activities would receive a boost in funding with this bond issue. Around $100,000 would be allocated to construct a new field house for the softball team and to renovate the football field house and "perform the necessary site improvements." The agricultural education program would receive $35,000 to purchase a new trailer.
The remaining $20,000 of funds would be allocated to smaller projects and improvements around the district. Proposals include a new safety entrance to the high school and middle school.
(Corrects dateline to April 13) April 13 U.S. drillers added oil rigs for a 13th week in a row, extending a recovery as energy companies boost spending on new production to take advantage of a recovery in crude prices. Drillers added 11 oil rigs in the week to April 13, bringing the total count up to 683, the highest since April 2015, energy services firm Baker Hughes Inc said on Thursday. RIG-OL-USA-BHI During the same week a year ago there were 351 active oil rigs. (Reporting by David Gaffen; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
"The old saying in the NBA, and it's so true, is you never know a player until you coach them," Clifford said. "I'm going to start to try and establish the right kind of relationships with these guys tomorrow, or tonight. I want to be able to impact each one of these guys in the right way."
Clifford was ousted in Charlotte after a front-office shakeup. Owner Michael Jordan fired general manager Rich Cho and eventually hired Mitch Kupchak to replace them in April. Kupchak fired Clifford not long afterward.
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a series.
"The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs," Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any NBA club over the past six years, 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Weltman said Clifford is the one who can stop the revolving-door look to the coach's office.
"I think it's crucial," Weltman said. "Fifth coach in seven years, it's very important that we start to establish our identity and be able to build on something that doesn't get turned over every season."
April 10 Penske Automotive Group Inc:
* Penske Automotive acquires Mercedes-Benz dealership in Phoenix, Arizona
* Penske Automotive Group Inc says acquisition is expected to generate estimated annual revenue of approximately $250 million
* Penske Automotive Group Inc - acquisition is expected to generate estimated annual revenue of approximately $250 million
* Penske Automotive Group inc says has acquired Schumacher European Ltd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SEATTLE — Richaud Gittens made a pair of free throws with 16 seconds left to give Seattle a 55-54 victory over Utah Valley on Saturday night.
Brandon Randolph scored eight straight points for the Wolverines to give them a 54-51 lead with 1:14 to play. Jordan Hill's jumper pulled Seattle to 54-53 with a minute left.
Randolph missed a 3-point shot and Morgan Means missed a 3 for the Redhawks, but Gittens was fouled pulling in the offensive board and then made ensuing free throws. Following a Utah Valley timeout, Kenneth Ogbe missed a 3-pointer to end it.
Aaron Menzies had 15 points, 12 rebounds and six blocks to lead Seattle (16-8, 5-2 Western Athletic Conference). Means added 14 points, Hill had 10 and Gittens finished with nine.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” they said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schoolssuch as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And they expect the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
CN Rail is placing its second order with National Steel Car in less than a month — a move that is expected to result in the creation of more than 300 new, full-time jobs.
The order for 1,000 new grain hopper cars over the next two years will help replace aging equipment needed to serve increasing annual crop yields, the railway company said in a news release.
Earlier this month, CN announced it was buying 350 lumber cars from National Steel Car to help meet the growing demand for forest products across the continent.
These 73-foot cars will be manufactured at the rail carmaker's assembly plant in Hamilton, which is expected to lead to the hiring of at least 250 people.
St. John's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season, winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season.
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday, but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix, as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No. 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden.
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday, finishing with seven boards, four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points. They lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard them and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead, and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left.
“They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad. We didn't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program,” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game. “It was disgusting, really.”
 They are a very, very good player and scorer. They don't get much national attention because the Johnnies haven't won this year, but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John's to a big win over a good team.
And it's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke's defense. We've come to expect it at this point, right? Duke doesn't guard, particularly dynamic, play-making ball-handlers.
Hell, I don't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game. The fact of the matter is that St. John's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team. They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter. If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning, this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them.
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just doesn't seem to fit.
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again. They finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes. The only field goal they made came with less than a minute left, and if it wasn't for two more threes that they missed on the final two possessions, they would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times.
That said, I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do.
He's trying to play a role. He's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team. He's trying to be the guy that sacrifices their numbers for the sake of winning. The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit.
Take Gary Trent Jr., for example. He's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play, but he's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor, whether Duke is in zone or in man. Wendell Carter might be an all-american, but they essentially play the same spot on the floor as Bagley, and hes not as good as Bagley is. Then there is Trevon Duval. No one respects their ability to shoot, which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke's bigs.
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor. On Saturday, Duke's offense went directly into the toilet. They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up their fourth foul, but as soon as they went to the bench, Duke's offense looked awful. I'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes they were on the bench.
All told, the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead.
“The basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win,” Coach K said. “We got what we deserved.”
Oh, and Bagley?
They sat for seven minutes midway through the second half, the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create.
And to me, that right there is the most important part of this game.
Duke once again dug themselves a hole. Then Bagley got into foul trouble, and the Blue Devils didn't have the horses to dig themselves back out.
The truth is, other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season, Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament. They needed to come storming back against Texas, and Florida, and Indiana. They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half. Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points.
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common: Marvin Bagley III taking over.
It really isn't hard to frame Duke's season like this: They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley wasn't a super-human.
LONDON May 2 Sterling and British government bond yields rose briefly on Tuesday after data showed UK manufacturing growth surged to a three-year peak in April, adding to signs that factories are enjoying at least a temporary boost from the pound's recent weakness.
A monthly purchasing managers' index (PMI) survey for the manufacturing sector rose to 57.3 from 54.2 in March, exceeding all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists, which had pointed to a slight decline to 54.0.
Sterling strengthened to the day's high of $1.2915, up from $1.2888 beforehand, before easing back to around $1.2896, up 0.1 percent on the day.
Against the euro, it recovered earlier losses to trade at 84.64 pence, flat on the day.
British goverment bond futures dipped by around 10 ticks and then rebounded to 128.00, around their level before the data. The 20-year gilt yield briefly touched its highest since March 29 at 1.671 percent, up around 2.5 basis points on the day.
Britain's FTSE 100 was unchanged after the data, up 0.4 percent. (Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Additional reporting by Andy Bruce and Helen Reid; Editing by Patrick Graham)
LONDON, April 12 Money transfer company Transferwise, one of the biggest fintech firms in Europe, will move its European headquarters from London to mainland Europe by March 2019 in order to keep access to the single market after Brexit, its CEO said on Wednesay.
Taavet Hinrikus, who co-founded the $1 billion company in 2011 in London with fellow Estonian Kristo Kaarmann, said if they were setting up the company now, they would not choose Britain for its location due to uncertainty from Brexit.
"Uncertainty means that maybe if you're building the next fintech business you shouldn't build it in London today, until everything clears up again and we understand what's going to happen with access to talent and so on," they told Reuters at the sidelines of a government-sponsored fintech event in London.
Hinrikus said the global headquarters would remain in London, where the company employs around 120 people, because the UK is its biggest market.
The company has not yet decided where the new European headquarters will be, they said, but it will be set up by March 2019, so that it will be in place when Britain has finally exited the EU, and will provide jobs that would otherwise have been in Britain.
The main reason for the move, Hinrikus said, was the loss of passporting rights, which give EU companies unfettered access to all of the bloc from a single base. (Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Huw Jones)
(Adds comments and quotes from Barrick and the provincial mining authority)
BUENOS AIRES, March 29 The decoupling of a pipeline at Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero mine in Argentina on Tuesday posed no threat to the environment, the company said in a statement on Wednesday while local authorities investigated the incident.
The rupture of the pipe carrying gold and silver solution was reported to the mining ministry of San Juan province late on Tuesday. "A detailed report will be made, explaining all the circumstances of the incident, its consequences and the measures that will be taken," a statement from the ministry said.
Barrick Argentina also issued a statement saying leakage from the pipe rupture had been contained.
"Occurrences of this nature are typical to this type of operation and do not cause damage to health, people or the environment," it said.
Operations at the mine were temporarily suspended last September after falling ice damaged a pipe and spilled some ore saturated with cyanide solution over a berm, or raised bank. One year earlier, there was a spill of cyanide solution at the mine, due to an equipment failure.
(Reporting by Maximilian Heath and Juliana Castilla,; additional reporting by Susan Taylor in Toronto; Editing by Andrew Hay)
The hammer wielded by Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman are among the pieces of movie memorabilia set to be sold at auction.
The purple suit and white mask with green hair and the huge hammer are expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000 each when they are sold at Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction on September 26, which features pieces of film history collectively worth between £2 million and £3 million.
Undated handout photo issued by Prop Store of the helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy, which is to be sold at auction
The helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to fetch between £30,000 and £50,000 while the helmet and tunic worn by Ian McKellen to play Magneto in the 2000's X-Men is expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000.
The tunic worn by Christopher Reeve in Superman IV: The Quest For Peace in 1987 is expected to sell for more than £8,000 while the Catwoman costume worn by Julie Newmar in the Batman TV series between 1966 and 1969 is poised to fetch more than £15,000.
Film fans will be able to see 300 of the lots when they go on display at the BFI IMAX in London on September 7.
Stephen Lane, CEO of Prop Store, said: "We all love a good superhero and we're thrilled to be featuring such super props and costumes in our upcoming auction.
Undated handout photo issued by Prop Store of Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman, which is to be sold at auction
"If you're a fan of Marvel or DC, heroes or villains, blockbusters or the classics, we've got you covered with items from the nostalgic 1960s Batman series to the contemporary Guardians of the Galaxy."
The auction will be livestreamed online and registration and bidding is now open. Bids can be placed online at www.propstore.com/liveauction or over the phone or in person.
Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction, presented by Odeon, will take place at the BFI IMAX Waterloo on September 26 at 12pm.
French President Francois Hollande talks to reporters beside Indonesian counterpart Joko Widodo during joint news conference at the presidential palace in Jakarta, Indonesia March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
PARIS French President Francois Hollande told British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday that Brexit negotiations must first deal with how Britain will leave the bloc before talks could be held on Britain's future relations with the EU, their office said.
The outgoing French president told May in a telephone call that the negotiations must be held in a "clear and constructive manner, so as to lift uncertainties and to fully respect the rules and interests of the 27-member European Union."
"The President indicated that the talks must at first be about the terms of withdrawal, dealing especially with citizens' rights and obligations resulting from the commitments made by the United Kingdom," a statement from Hollande's Elysee office said.
"On the basis of the progress made, we could open discussions on the framework of future relations between the United Kingdom and the European Union," it said.
(Reporting by Adrian Croft and Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
TORONTO — Veteran Canadian actor Christopher Plummer has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for their role in "All the Money in the World."
The 87-year-old Plummer replaced Kevin Spacey as billionaire J. Paul Getty after Spacey was ousted from the movie in the wake of a series of sexual misconduct allegations.
Plummer was nominated for best actor in a supporting role along with Willem Dafoe (“The Florida Project,”) Armie Hammer (“Call Me by Your Name”), Richard Jenkins (“The Shape of Water”) and Sam Rockwell (“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”).
Eric McCormack and the animated film "The Breadwinner" were among the other Canadian nominees announced today.
Former UEFA President Michel Platini has claimed they will not face any criminal charges related to the alleged "disloyal payment" which led to them being banned from football.
Platini was initially given an eight-year suspension for the payment of CHF2 million (£1.5 million/$2 million/€1.8 million) made to them by former FIFA President Sepp Blatter.
The sanction was later reduced to four years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
FIFA's Ethics Committee had sanctioned both Platini and Blatter over the payment, which was made when the latter sought re-election as President in 2011.
Ethics judges ruled that Blatter broke rules on conflict of interest, breach of loyalty and offering gifts, while Platini breached regulations on conflict of interest and loyalty.
The payment was part of a criminal investigation by Swiss prosecutors who were looking into various corruption allegations within world football's governing body.
Both men have denied any wrongdoing and said the money was for work Platini carried out for FIFA between 1998 and 2002, when they served as a technical adviser to Blatter.
However, the Frenchman did not receive their money until 2011 and question marks were raised over the time delay.
Platini has now claimed to have been told by Swiss prosecutors that they will not be charged with any offence.
It has led to the Frenchman suggesting their ban from football be "reviewed", while they have also pledged to return to the game in the future.
Michel Platini's hopes of becoming FIFA President were ended by their four-year ban ©Getty Images
"After (three) years of investigation, the Public Ministry of the (Swiss) Confederation has just restored the truth by officially confirming that no charge has been at any time or will be in the future held against me in connection with my activities for FIFA," Platini stated, according to Reuters.
"This official information from an authority of justice attests definitely of my innocence.
"These years were difficult and painful.
"My honour and integrity have been tarnished.
"I was robbed for three years of professional life.
"I will come back: where, when, how?
"It is too early to tell, but I will come back to football."
Swiss prosecutors have claimed that while they have not uncovered any evidence to take action against Platini, the investigation has not been completely concluded.
Platini, whose hopes of becoming FIFA President were ended by their ban from the sport, has called upon football's governing body to lift their sanction.
insidethegames has asked FIFA for a response.
Barbra Streisand says they have never felt sexually harassed in Hollywood after spending more than six decades in the industry.
During opening night of the 35th annual PaleyFest L.A. Television Festival at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on Friday, the 75-year-old icon was honored alongside American Horror Story creator Ryan Murphy for their body of work in television.
“Never,” they replied when Murphy asked if they had ever been sexually harassed at any point in their career.
“I wasn't like those pretty girls with those nice little noses,” they added. “Maybe that's why.”
However, Streisand said they will continue to stand with those who have been sexually exploited and fight for gender equality.
“We're in a strange time now, in terms of men and women, and the pendulum swinging this way and that way, and it's going to have to come to the center,” Streisand said of the #MeToo movement.
Barbra Streisand Kevin Mazur/Getty
The star also opened up about their tricky relationship with the media. Over the years, Streisand has remained reluctant to participate in interviews and interact with the press, partially due to a 1991 interview with TV journalist Mike Wallace, whose hurtful questions brought them to tears.
When they called them afterward to complain about them being “mean” to her, Wallace, in turn, told viewers that they “loved” the interview, according to Variety.
“I thought ‘I don't know what date rape is, it's terrible, but it was such a violation,” they said of Wallace. “Why lie?”
And during a 1990s interview with Barbara Walters, Streisand disagreed with how footage was edited of them supporting Al Gore in their presidential bid. However, when the “Woman in Love” singer appeared on C-Span to clarify their comments, Walters became angry.
“She got really angry with me because I told C-Span what I wanted to say,” said Streisand. “She thought I betrayed them because I went on C-Span, but I wish them well. She's a good woman.”
"I just don't need to use social media as therapy and tell everyone, 'Today I f—-ed up as a mom.' It's none of your damn business."
— Jessica Alba, on why they don't air their "dirty laundry" online, to Redbook
With the way Kenyan Drake played at the end of the 2017 season everyone is giddy with the thought of Drake being the #1 running back for the Miami Dolphins for a full season heading into 2018. There are some red flags though with the Dolphins running back position and adding another running back, another quality running back, is key between now and the start of the 2018 season.
Yes, Kenyan Drake played like a man among boys the final five games of the 2017 season and there is plenty of reason for optimism around them heading into 2018. A couple of things to remember though like Drake has never been the most durable player throughout their career. Whether at their time at Alabama or their rookie year with the Dolphins, Drake has always been often injured and dinged up missing time. To expect they can go from that type of player to a #1 lead running back overnight who will be expected to touch the ball some 15-20 times a game is asking a lot and expecting a lot out of someone who has never been a…
If you're still sitting on the fence about Fleet Foxes, here's all you need to know about the Seattle troupe's third album, Crack-Up. It opens not with one song, or two, but with three - a proggy, multi-suite effort called I Am All That I Need/Arroyo Seco/Thumbprint.
It's a song that moves from a grumpy mumble to a triumphant celebration with soaring strings and whispered falsettos while veering through almost every mood imaginable - and then back again. At times it sounds like two completely different songs fighting to be heard over each other.
But, running at nearly seven minutes, it's not even the longest track on Fleet Foxes' 11-track third record. That honour is bestowed on Third of May/Odaigahara, Crack-Up's centrepiece that runs for more than eight minutes and cycles through just as many moodswings but - crucially - never once outstays its welcome.
Written entirely by frontman Robin Pecknold, Crack-Up is the six-years-in-the-making follow-up to 2011's Helplessness Blues, a genre-defying album delivered at indie-folk's peak that paved the way for, well, banjo-loving stadium folksters like Mumford and Sons. Ugh.
Advertisement
This seems to be Pecknold's response, and those six years show: songs like Cassius and Mearcstapa sound as if they've been ached over, painstakingly pieced together and layered up to become the most epic versions of themselves they can be.
As for the lyrics, Pecknold is diving deep. Real deep. Mearcstapa references Beowulf, I Should See Memphis refers to an American Civil War, and on Naiads, Cassadies they talk about a "thief who shaves your teeth" and includes this incredible couplet: "Fire can't doubt its heat / Water can't doubt its power." You may need to Google those. I did.
Pretentious? Yes, but Crack-Up's knotty tangles are a hell of a lot of fun to unravel. And, crucially, Pecknold hasn't forgotten how warm and cosy and alive a great Fleet Foxes song can make you feel. And that's exactly what they do on Kept Woman, a soothing ballad which leaves you feeling so toasty you may want to crack open a bag of marshmallows around an open fire to celebrate.
Fleet Foxes - Crack-Up
Label: Nonesuch
Verdict: This is a messy knot that needs untangling
NAIROBI, March 29 Kenya's East African Breweries (EABL) got a 141 percent subscription rate for its five-year corporate bond, the company said on Wednesday.
The company, which is controlled by Britain's Diageo , said investors offered 8.45 billion shillings ($82 million), well above the 6 billion shillings it sought.
"These funds will be used to restructure our balance sheet which entails the repayment of short term loans, replacing them with the medium term debt," Gyorgy Geiszl, the group's chief financial officer, told Reuters.
The bond is the second tranche of an issue that was first offered to the market in 2015.
Geiszl said the restructuring of the balance sheet would also help the group comply with the market regulator's current asset ratio rules. The bond has a fixed annual rate of 14.17 percent, well above the current rate on the Kenyan 364-day Treasury bill of 10.914 percent.
Geiszl said there were no immediate plans to raise more debt, but the firm would review the situation if the need arose.
"We see numerous growth opportunities in the countries that we operate in. If any of those materializes beyond our business-as-usual level of investment, we will reach out to the markets for funding," they said.
EABL also operates in neighbouring Uganda and Tanzania.
($1 = 103.0000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Mark Potter)
FILE PHOTO: Jose Dirceu (R), former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's chief of staff, is escorted by federal police officer Newton Ishii as they leaf the Federal Police headquarters to give their testimony in a session of the Parliamentary Committee of Inquiry in... REUTERS/Rodolfo Buhrer
RIO DE JANEIRO Brazilian prosecutors said on Tuesday they had laid new corruption charges against a one-time chief of staff for former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who is already serving long jail sentences on other graft convictions.
Prosecutors accused Jose Dirceu, who was released from jail pending an appeal, of taking 2.4 million reais (584,006.80 pounds) in bribes from two engineering firms - UTC Engenharia SA and Engevix Engenharia SA.
The money was allegedly used for public relations efforts to improve Dirceu's image before, during and after a 2012 trial, in which they were convicted in a widespread scheme of making monthly payments to members of congress to win support for legislation.
Over the past year, courts have sentenced Dirceu in two separate trials to a collective 32 years in jail on corruption, money-laundering and conspiracy charges. They stemmed from a wide-ranging probe of graft at state-owned oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, known as Petrobras.
Despite the earlier convictions and the new charges, Brazil's Supreme Court accepted a habeas corpus plea on Tuesday filed by Dirceu's defence and ordered their release from jail.
A five-member chamber of the top court ruled by 3 votes to 2 that they should be freed pending an appeal. Under Brazilian law, prison sentences are served after the loss of a first appeal.
Engevix did not respond to a request for comment on the new bribery charges, and a lawyer for Dirceu was not immediately available for reaction.
A UTC Engenharia spokesperson said the company would have nothing to say on the matter.
(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro and Brad Brooks in São Paulo; Editing by W Simon and Paul Tait)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
The shipment is declared as ceramic tiles but further examination show that the vans contain mostly rice
Published 7:26 AM, December 12, 2017
CEBU CITY, Philippines – At least P83 million worth of smuggled rice from China were seized by the Bureau of Customs at the Port of Cebu on Monday, December 11.
The rice shipment on board 71 container vans was misdeclared as tiles.
Customs Commissioner Isidro Lapeña, who led the opening of the containers at the Cebu port, said the discovery of the smuggled rice only confirmed reports that the Bureau of Customs in Manila received.
“We came here with an alert order and we have the shipment verified. It turned out that the information relayed to us is positive,” Lapeña said in a press conference.
The 71 container vans arrived in Cebu from China in 4 shipments - November 27, 29, and 30 and December 3. The consignees were identified as Seven Myth Marketing based in Ermita, Manila and Rainbow Horizons Enterprise based in Binondo, Manila.
The shipment was declared as ceramic tiles but further examination showed that the vans contained mostly rice. As of Monday, 14 of the 18 container vans that were opened contained rice. The 4 others had tiles in them, said Lapeña.
“An alert order is something that should not be feared as long as our business people and importers are doing legitimate business. But if they are doing something wrong, they will have a problem with us,” the Customs chief said in a mix of Filipino and English.
In their visit to Cebu last November 26, Lapeña led the opening of some of the 160 container vans that contained goods that were misdeclared and undervalued, including tiles; apples, carrots, and potatoes; 20 brand-new SUVs; and miscellaneous products and items.
They said a syndicate is involved in the smuggling activities in the various ports in the country and even hinted that some Bureau of Customs personnel are involved in the said illegal activities. – Rappler.com
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Russian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Amkar Perm 1 FC Krasnodar 3 Rostov 1 FC Ufa 0 Spartak Moscow 3 CSKA Moscow 0 Saturday, December 9 Dynamo Moscow 2 Anzhi Makhachkala 0 Rubin Kazan 3 SKA-Khabarovsk 1 Friday, December 8 FC Ural 1 Arsenal Tula 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Lokomotiv Moscow 19 13 3 3 29 14 42 2 Spartak Moscow 20 10 7 3 36 23 37 ------------------------- 3 Zenit St Petersburg 19 10 6 3 31 13 36 ------------------------- 4 FC Krasnodar 20 11 3 6 32 23 36 5 CSKA Moscow 20 10 5 5 28 17 35 ------------------------- 6 FC Ufa 20 7 6 7 20 22 27 ------------------------- 7 Akhmat Groznyi 19 7 4 8 22 26 25 8 FC Ural 20 5 10 5 22 22 25 9 Arsenal Tula 20 7 4 9 20 23 25 10 Rostov 20 6 7 7 17 17 25 11 Rubin Kazan 20 6 5 9 20 17 23 12 Dynamo Moscow 20 5 7 8 19 20 22 ------------------------- 13 Amkar Perm 20 5 6 9 12 19 21 14 FC Tosno 19 5 5 9 17 32 20 ------------------------- 15 Anzhi Makhachkala 20 5 4 11 22 38 19 16 SKA-Khabarovsk 20 2 6 12 16 37 12 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3: Champions League preliminary round 4-5: Europa League preliminary round 6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 13-14: Relegation play-off 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 Akhmat Groznyi v Zenit St Petersburg (1630) FC Tosno v Lokomotiv Moscow (1630)
Everyone eventually made it to the Sea to Sky Gondola in Squamish and the top of Mount Habrich for the Road Block: “Who wants to save a beaver?”
Never fear, it wasn't real-life, furry national symbols strung up 500 metres above the canyon floor but stuffed animals that the racers had to grab by leaping off a bouncy mesh net on a bungee cord.
Here was Chewy's and Happy's first bit of bad luck: they were in the lead, but Chewy failed to snag their beaver on the first try. Calgary firefighter Adam Kovacs and Brampton volunteer Akash Sidhu also needed second tries.
Nancy and Leanne caught their beavers right away and their teams were first to the next Road Block.
Beware of slivers: The next challenge was to climb an 80-foot pole at the Squamish Days Loggers Sports Festival and retrieve a clue at the top.
Nancy's partner Mellisa, whom it turns out they barely know, and Leanne's partner and friend Mar were first to climb. It was a workout and a half, according to Mar, and Mellisa complained they had slivers in their crotch, but they both made it and were off to the next task.
No one had a harder time on the pole than Vancouver volunteer Martina Seo. “I am not fit,” they said, nervously eyeing the height. “The type of challenges I'll be really great at will be baking or sewing.”
Can't say we've seen many of those on this show. Tearfully and almost quitting at one point, Martina inched their way up for their brother Phil. “I'm so proud of my sister, they didn't give up,” they said.
Likewise, nurse Courtney Berglind, who professed a terror of heights, pushed themselves for the sake of fiancé Adam, although they made quicker work of it than Martina.
Incidentally, these two may be the kissiest pair we've ever seen on The Amazing Race Canada. No action goes unrewarded by an “I love you,” a smooch or a peck.
Once everyone had climbed the pole it was time to go crabbing.
Pull up a crab: The teams had to drive to Darrell Bay, paddle out to buoys that marked crab traps, pull up a cage then paddle it back to shore. If the critter was regulation size it was off to the Pit Stop. If it was too small it was back to the buoys to try again.
The self-proclaimed Alberta cowgirls were in first place, but they didn't realize that the buoys marked traps and paddled past them, giving Leanne and Mar a chance to get ahead.
Several teams pulled up crabs that were too small and had to try again, including Chewy and Happy, Phil and Martina, and B.C. RCMP siblings Taylor and Courtney Callens.
Eventually everyone hauled in big enough crabs and the final five teams were neck and neck racing to the Pit Stop at the Britannia Mine Museum, which was once the largest copper mine in the British Empire.
The finish: Leanne and Mar reached Jon first and won a trip for two to Tokyo. “You better start liking sushi,” Mar told their partner. “The two cheerleaders just won the first leg of the Race,” noted Leanne.
Nancy and Mellisa, a former teammate of Jon's and a fellow Olympic medallist, were right behind them, followed by cancer survivor Todd Kirk and girlfriend Anna Holtby, Dylan and Kwame, and Taylor and Courtney.
Next came Zainab and Monica, Phil and Martina, and Adam and Courtney.
Akash and friend Joseph Truong got lost on the drive but beat Chewy and Happy in the foot race to the matt.
“For the guy whose call sign is Happy you can't even wipe the smile off your face right now,” Jon remarked.
Happy did indeed still look happy, saying it was “an honour to represent the men and women of the air force.”
With hugs all around, a couple of “I love you's” between the friends and a Wookiee sound (where Chewy got their nickname), they headed off.
The rest of the teams continue the Race in Dawson City, Yukon, next week, where the first Express Pass comes into play.
You can watch Tuesday at 8 p.m. on CTV.
Debra Yeo is a deputy entertainment editor and a contributor to the Star's Entertainment section.  They are based in Toronto. Follow them on Twitter: @realityeo
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
People walk past a poster of an Indian movie 'Baahubali: The Beginning' outside a movie theater in New Delhi, India, April 12, 2017. Picture taken April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
People walk past a poster of an Indian movie 'Baahubali: The Beginning' outside a movie theater in New Delhi, India, April 12, 2017. Picture taken April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
HYDERABAD, India Dozens of animators work into the night in India's southern city of Hyderabad, fueled by caffeine and huddled over computer screens in a darkened studio to put the finishing touches on India's biggest and most ambitious film.
The makers of "Baahubali 2" hope its top-notch visual effects will wean Indian audiences from Hollywood blockbusters, enticing them with the magical kingdoms, rampaging armies and towering palaces of a homegrown fantasy epic.
"If art was easy, everybody would do it," said Pete Draper, co-founder of Makuta VFX, which is stitching the film's live-action scenes together with computer-generated imagery.
"Every single shot has its own challenges. Working hours right now are crazy. We are finishing daily at 4 a.m."
Agencies that closely track the box office say "Baahubali 2" is the most highly awaited Indian film of the decade. But the competition for Spider-Man and other movie franchises from overseas isn't coming from Bollywood.
When it opened in cinemas in 2015, dubbed versions of "Baahubali: The Beginning", made in the Telugu language widely spoken in India's southern states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, resonated with audiences nationwide.
It used computer-generated imagery to depict ancient kingdoms and bloody wars in a quintessentially Indian battle of good versus evil.
Film-maker S.S. Rajamouli aims to do even better when the next installment is released on April 28.
Inspired by Hollywood epics such as "Ben Hur" and "The Ten Commandments" when growing up, Rajamouli wanted to create a tentpole franchise that delivered a memorable movie experience.
But younger audiences were looking to Hollywood franchises such as "The Fast and the Furious", and the superheroes of the Marvel and DC Comics universe for the big-screen thrills Indian cinema was unable to provide.
"They have heavy budgets, they have huge star casts and huge studios backing them," Rajamouli, 43, said in an interview in Hyderabad, their home city.
"But if we make 10 percent of it in an Indian context, with our stories, our heroes and heros ... we can easily compete."
Visual effects head Draper was at the sprawling movie set every day of filming to make sure location shots and actors' movements synchronized with CGI-enhanced rendering on screen.
By day, the half-built palace, an arena, the torso of a statue and a stone temple flanked by blue screens don't look sufficiently formidable, so the team of nearly 80 animators has been given the task of fleshing out the heft and detail.
To keep down production costs on a budget of $67 million, work on the CGI-heavy movie was distributed among 35 studios across continents.
"We didn't have any studio backing us. Raising capital was a challenge," said Prasad Devineni, one of the producers.
If all goes well, a record-breaking run for "Baahubali 2" would be a wake-up call for Bollywood, where cinema attendance has halved from a decade ago.
In 2016, Indian box-office collections fell to 99 billion rupees ($1.5 billion), down from 101 billion a year earlier.
Bollywood, reliant on a tried-and-tested formula of romances and masala thrillers, has failed to develop its own big-ticket franchises, piggy-backing instead on "Baahubali", with top producer Karan Johar marketing the movie in Hindi this month.
With a spinoff TV series, an animated offering for Amazon videostreaming, a comic book and a possible third film in the works, "Baahubali" could lure back Indian audiences.
"It has shown us the way - how to market, build euphoria around it," said Rajkumar Akella, India managing director at global box-office tracker comScore.
The makers always envisaged the film as a franchise, with many narratives branching off its storyline, to hook the maximum number of viewers later."Our audiences might be watching English films, or Hollywood films, and getting used to them, but the blood doesn't change, the DNA doesn't change," said Rajamouli.
(Editing by Tony Tharakan and Clarence Fernandez)
May 3 CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust Inc
* CorEnergy announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $1.00
* Q1 FFO per share $0.96
* Q1 revenue $22.1 million
* Evaluating broad set of infrastructure opportunities, anticipates transacting on one to two acquisitions per year in 2017 & 2018
* Company targets revenue growth of 1-3% annually from existing contracts
* Intends to continue paying quarterly dividends of $0.75 per share based on rents received
* Anticipates transacting on one to two acquisitions per year in 2017 and 2018 with a target range of $50 to $250 million per project
* Does not anticipate significant inflation-based or participating rents in 2017
* Q1 nareit FFO per share $0.93 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PETERSBURG, Va. -- Viewers in Petersburg reached out to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers about a fire engine that has been out of service for nearly two weeks.
The issue keeping the truck garaged would cost less than one hundred dollars to fix. The old tire has to be taken off and the new tire mounted.
The station has borrowed a fire engine from Fort Lee, which surprised some leaders, since it would cost less than one hundred dollars to fix.
And in a city where every dollar counts amid a budget crisis, CBS 6 discovered that a local shop would even do the job for free.
"First of all, there's coverage, so there's no public safety issue there,” said Tom Tyrrell, Petersburg's Interim City Manager.
Even with the city cracking down on expenses, CBS 6 asked why this inexpensive repair couldn't be made.
"We have a system that has integrity that matches up requisitions to payments and that's in place,” Tyrrell said. “There's nothing in that system that should have taken two weeks to fix a tire."
Tyrrell says they are concerned about why efforts weren't made to get Engine Five back in service sooner.
CBS 6 went to Leete Tire, who often does work for the city and found they'd do the job for free.
"I was just made aware of it today, I would certainly be willing in the essence of public safety to mount that tire for the fire department, no charge, if they just needed a tire mounted to get the truck back in service,” said Jerry Tatum, owner of Leete Tire.
This isn't the only fire truck in need of repairs. The city's big ladder truck is also out of service, a repair estimated at $7,500 repair.
With the fire departments aging fleet in need of constant repairs the city's budget for the next fiscal year includes new fire trucks.
"We've been waiting for a couple years now to get new fire apparatus, that request for proposals is on the street, it's in the budget and they will come,” Tyrrell said.
The Supreme Court only imposes a fine of P21,000 to P80,000 because the implicated judges are either retired, dead, or already dismissed
Published 9:08 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – At least 4 lower court judges committed misconduct to make Cavite a "haven" for fixed annulment cases, the Supreme Court (SC) said in a recent ruling.
Former Cavite trial court judges Fernando Felicen (Imus), Cesar Mangrobang (Imus), and Perla Cabrera Faller (Dasmariñas) were found guilty of gross ignorance of the law and gross misconduct, and were fined P80,000 each. Judge Norberto Quisumbing of Imus was found guilty of gross ignorance of the law and simple misconduct, and fined P21,000.
The verdicts usually carry with them a penalty of dismissal from service or suspension, but Felicen and Quisumbing had already retired, while Mangrobang had died.
Cabrera-Faller, on the other hand, was dismissed from service in February 2017 over misconduct in the dismissal of charges against fraternity men in the Marc Andrei Marcos hazing case of 2012.
The investigations into the judges started in 2010, and the decision was promulgated on January 16.
Fixed annulment haven
The SC en banc upheld most of the findings of Court of Appeals (CA) Associate Justice Victoria Isabel Paredes, who was tasked to investigate a complaint letter against the judges, and the result of a judicial audit that showed multiple irregularities.
Paredes recommended to clear Quisumbing saying that as Executive Judge, they cannot be held accountable for the mistakes of the other 3 judges. Associate Justices Teresita Leonardo de Castro and Francis Jardeleza voted to clear Quisumbing, but the majority prevailed.
In a 68-page decision, the SC said that a "conspiracy existed and thereby turned the courts in Cavite into havens for paid-for annulments."
The judges were found to have allowed petitioners outside Cavite's jurisdiction to file their annulment cases before them, considered a "friendly" court.
Under annulment rules, petitions shall be filed in a family court within the province or city where the petitioner or the respondent has been living for the last 6 months prior to filing.
Petitioners' addresses in Cavite were found to be fictitious, with judges failing to detect them. Rules also require that summons to parties be served personally, but the courts' personnel failed to do so, because the addresses are non-existent.
Once the scheme hurdles this jurisdiction rule, the SC found that further rigging was made, such as fixing raffles and non-filing of a collusion report and a notice of appearance by the Office of the Solicitor General.
"There is a clear conspiracy, at least between the counsels of these parties and the 4 courts, in order to reflect paper compliance with the rule on venue," the SC said.
Also found guilty and suspended were:
Allan Sly Marasigan, clerk of court of Imus Regional Trial Court (RTC) Branch 20 Seter Dela Cruz-Corde, clerk of court of Imus RTC Branch 22 Ophelia Suluen, officer-in-charge of Dasmariñas RTC Branch 90 Anselmo Pagunsan, sheriff of Imus RTC Branch 20 Hipolito Ferrer, process server of Imus RTC Branch 20 Wilmar De Villa, sheriff of Imus RTC Branch 21 Elmer Azcueta, process server of Imus RTC Branch 22 Rizalino Rinaldi Pontejos, process server of Dasmariñas RTC Branch 90
The SC cleared Imus RTC's Regalado Eusebio (clerk of court), Imelda Juntilla (court interpreter) and Teresita Reyes (court stenographer).
Racket
The Office of the Bar Confidant was also asked to look into the liabilities of lawyers who took petitioners' cases to the Cavite courts.
The SC found a pattern of the same lawyers representing different petitioners, and at times, different petitioners having the same addresses.
"Cases where parties have the same address as those in another case cannot be explained away…and the fact that these parties were represented by the same counsels shines an even more disturbing light upon the observed irregularity," the SC said.
The lawyers involved in the cases were Allan Rheynier Bugayong, Leonardo Santos, Ruel Nairo, Norman Gabriel, Aimee Jean Leaban, Clarissa Castro, Bernard Paredes, Herminio Valerio, Cesar DC Geronimo, Omar Francisco.
"It would appear that counsels maintain residences within the jurisdiction of friendly courts for their declaration of nullity and annulment of marriage cases," the SC said.
Extortion
Rappler investigated and published its own report on the Cavite judges in 2015. One of the stories exposed was that of a court stenographer named Rosalie Maranan, who was caught in an entrapment operation for accepting bribe money for an annulment case.
A certain Ella Bartrolome filed a complaint against Maranan for asking a P160,000 fixer fee in their annulment case. It was Maranan's boss, Judge Felicen, who interceded and asked jail officers to free Maranan.
Sources told Rappler at the time that annulment cases had become an "industry" in Cavite.
Judge Quisumbing was the one investigating these complaints at the time, but the SC found them liable too.
"Instead of exercising their prerogatives in order that those under their management be kept in line, they joined in the commission of some of the reprehensible practices described in these administrative cases," the SC said. – Rappler.com
MELBOURNE — Bali still be a favourite destination for many foreign tourists, especially from Australia. Many of them considered the so-called Island of the Gods as second home.
“Australia is still become of of extra ordinary market for Indonesia tourism as 90 percent its citizens travel to Bali,” said Country Manager Visit Indonesia Tourism Officer (VITO), Emil Hardy Ridwan in Melbourne, on Monday (December 11).
They said, there are top three travel destinations for Australians. First to New Zealand, second to Bali, and on the third is to the United States (US). However, many of Australians visit New Zealand for visiting family and relatives tourism. “So for tourism purposes, Bali is still their main favourite destination,” Emil added.
Emil explained many of Australians didn't worry when Mount Agung erupted on November 25-29 in Bali. At that time, Ngurah Rai International Airport also was closed due to the mount's volcanic activity increased.
“Many Australians, especially those who are young and independent travel, are indifferent. Only several citizens in that country who postponed their visit to Bali,” Emil explained.
Meanwhile, the Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry's Volcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation Center (PVMBG) reported the volcanic activity on Mount Agung may decrease. The volcano had spewed the middle-pressure white smokes which rose by 300 to 1.500 meters for 17 times.
Those activities have indicated that the number of lava flowing to the crater may drop. However, PVMBG still need to observe more the amount of ashes spewed form the crater, as well as the number of tremors recorded by the seismograph before degrade the alert status of Mount Agung.
UNITED NATIONS The U.N. Security Council has agreed a compromise on a reduced troop cap of 16,215 for its peacekeeping mission in Democratic Republic of Congo, the United Nations' largest and most expensive, after the United States asked for it to be cut by a quarter, diplomats said on Thursday.
The 15-member body is due to vote on Friday to renew the mandate for the $1.2 billion operation, known as MONUSCO, amid U.N. warnings that violence is spreading across the central African state ahead of planned elections before the end of 2017.
"We have an agreement," French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre told reporters on Thursday.
The United States had wanted the troop cap to be cut to 15,000, diplomats said. Despite a request by Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to add two extra police units - 320 officers - the council has agreed to a Washington demand to keep the current total of 1,050 officers, according to the draft resolution.
Instead the draft text asks Guterres to "explore the possibility of inter-mission cooperation through appropriate transfers of troops and their assets from other United Nations missions to MONUSCO" if needed and subject to council approval.
France leads Security Council action on Congo and had proposed a troop cap of 17,000, diplomats said. The mission currently has a cap of 19,815, though there are only 16,893 soldiers on the ground after the previous U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon made cuts in 2015 and 2016.
It is the first peacekeeping mission to come up for renewal since U.S. President Donald Trump proposed that Washington - the largest U.N. contributor - cut funding. U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley is reviewing the 16 U.N. peacekeeping operations.
Haley said on Wednesday that U.N. peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo are aiding a government that is "corrupt and preys on its citizens." [L2N1H60KU]
Resource-rich Congo, which gained independence from colonial power Belgium in 1960, has never had a peaceful transition of power and President Joseph Kabila's refusal to stand down when their final term expired in December has raised fears the chronically unstable country could slide back into civil war.
Opposition leaders signed a fragile deal with the ruling coalition and allies of Kabila on Dec. 31 that requires them to step down after elections that must happen by the end of 2017.
This week villagers discovered the bodies of two U.N. investigators and their Congolese interpreter who went missing this month in Kasai Central province, an area engulfed in a violent uprising.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by James Dalgleish)
The Latest: Trump promises 'great' pick for Supreme Court
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they arrive at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, W.Va., before attending a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they arrive at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, W.Va., before attending a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 2 of 7 President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the Oval Office of the White House, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Washington. President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the Oval Office of the White House, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Washington. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 3 of 7 Files - In this Feb. 22, 2018, file photo, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, speaks on the Senate Floor at the Utah state Capitol in Salt Lake City. President Donald Trump's list of candidates for the Supreme Court, posted on White House website in November 2017 includes Lee. less FILE - In this Feb. 22, 2018, file photo, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, speaks on the Senate Floor at the Utah state Capitol in Salt Lake City. President Donald Trump's list of candidates for the Supreme Court, posted ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 4 of 7 Files - In this June 19, 2018 file photo, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., talks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. Schumer tried Monday to rally public opposition to any Supreme Court pick by President Donald Trump who'd oppose abortion rights, issuing a striking campaign season call to action for voters to prevent such a nominee by putting "pressure on the Senate." less FILE - In this June 19, 2018 file photo, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., talks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. Schumer tried Monday to rally public opposition to any ... more Photo: J. Scott Applewhite, AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Files - In this Feb. 15, 2018 file photo, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine and Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, left, are shown during a news conference at the Capitol in Washington. The Senate battle over Donald Trump's new Supreme Court nominee is off to a fiery start _ even before the president makes their choice. Republican and Democratic leaders traded accusations and barbed comments Thursday on the new vacancy, abortion rights and the debate to come. less FILE - In this Feb. 15, 2018 file photo, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine and Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, left, are shown during a news conference at the Capitol in Washington. The Senate battle over Donald ... more Photo: J. Scott Applewhite, AP Image 7 of 7 The Latest: Trump promises 'great' pick for Supreme Court 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and the Supreme Court (all times local):
7 p.m.
President Donald Trump is promising to select a "great" Supreme Court nominee to fill the vacancy of retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy.
The president said Tuesday at a "Salute to Service" dinner in West Virginia that they "hit a home run" with Justice Neil Gorsuch, whom they picked for the nation's high court last year. Trump says, "We're going to hit a home run here."
Trump spoke to three potential Supreme Court nominees Tuesday before departing the White House.
On Monday, the president interviewed federal appeals judges Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett. That's according to a person with knowledge of the meetings who was not authorized to speak publicly about them.
— Associated Press writer Catherine Lucey contributed.
___
5:05 p.m.
The White House says President Donald Trump spoke Tuesday to three potential Supreme Court nominees.
White House spokesperson Raj Shah disclosed the conversations. They did not detail with whom Trump had spoken Tuesday or say how many potential nominees Trump has now interviewed.
Trump has said he'll announce their pick July 9 and will choose from a list of 25 candidates.
Trump on Monday interviewed federal appeals judges Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett. That's according to a person with knowledge of the meetings who was not authorized to speak publicly about them.
They also spoke Monday to Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah. The senator's office characterized the call as an interview, but the White House would only say the two spoke.
— Associated Press writer Catherine Lucey contributed.
___
2:20 p.m.
President Donald Trump has spoken with Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah as they consider options for a Supreme Court opening.
The telephone call was first reported by the Deseret News. Lee spokesperson Conn Carroll confirmed that the two spoke Monday while Lee was in Utah.
Lee's office characterized the conversation as an interview. Asked about the call, White House spokesperson Raj Shah said: "Yesterday, the President spoke on the phone with Sen. Mike Lee."
Lee is the only lawmaker on Trump's list of 25 candidates to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy, though they have not been viewed as a top contender.
Trump has said they will announce their pick for the court on July 9.
On Monday, Trump interviewed federal appeals judges Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett.
___
1:40 p.m.
A major abortion-rights group is targeting moderate Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins in an early ad in the battle over the latest Supreme Court vacancy.
NARAL Pro-Choice America says a full-page and online ads begin Wednesday in four Maine newspapers.
It pictures a gesturing President Donald Trump and says, "Trump has been loud and clear in saying he'd pick Supreme Court Justices to end Roe v. Wade. We believe him. Don't you, Senator Collins?"
Collins and Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski are viewed as two GOP senators who might oppose Trump's pick to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy. Collins said Sunday she'd oppose a nominee hostile to the Roe v. Wade case that established the right to abortion.
Trump said during their presidential campaign he'd appoint justices who oppose that decision.
___
1:20 a.m.
President Donald Trump has interviewed four prospective Supreme Court justices and had plans to meet with a few more. This, as their White House aggressively mobilizes to select a replacement for retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy.
Trump didn't divulge whom he's talking to in advance of their big announcement, set for July 9.
But they promised that "they are outstanding people." They say, "They are really incredible people in so many different ways, academically and in every other way."
A person with knowledge of the meetings who was not authorized to speak publicly about them says the interviews were with federal appeals judges Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett. The Washington Post first reported the identities of the candidates Trump spoke with.
The members of the new chapters have primarily come from the Kitchener and Cambridge chapters.
"They can afford to split their membership and create this new chapter," they said. "It (Kitchener) is one of the biggest chapters of the Hells Angels in the province."
But Renton said the numbers within the chapter are not its strength. It's the territory the club owns and keeps control of when it comes to criminal activity, such as drug trafficking.
"The more territory they have under their control, their power and their influence, then the more money that criminal organization will make," they said.
Renton said the Kitchener chapter's reach extends into Stratford and Guelph, where a support club — the Royal City Riders — exists.
"We believe they support the Kitchener's Hells Angels in their criminal activity," they said.
A support club "creates a layer" between the criminal organization and the criminal activity, Renton noted. It's responsible for most of the criminal activity and insulates gang members from criminal prosecution, they said.
Those belonging to a support club are full-patch members and have a similar hierarchy to the Hells Angels.
There are various layers, starting with "friend" and "associate," then on to "hang around," "prospect" and full-patch member.
Like many businesses, biker gangs have a clear chain of command, with a president and vice-president leading the group.
Their main purpose is to maintain a criminal business, Renton said, adding they traffic in cocaine, meth and fentanyl, and are involved in money laundering, illegal gaming, human trafficking and the sex trade.
"Anything where they can profit, they are involved in," they said.
In Kitchener, the Hells Angels have a clubhouse on Weber Street West, near Blucher Street. The Stolen Souls have a clubhouse in Cambridge.
Two years ago, the local Hells Angels had 21 full-patch members. Renton would only say it had more than 21 members when it split its membership in Brantford.
Membership can be fluid, they said. "Many of the members can live within your community but belong to a chapter somewhere else. They fly under the radar."
Renton said it's important that the public know that buying biker gang clothing means supporting criminals.
Next week, bikers will gather in Port Dover for the Friday the 13th ride. Outlaw biker gangs wear patches with their club logo, the letters MC (motorcycle club) and a chapter identification.
"When you are supporting them in the simplest way by buying their T-shirts that supports the Hells Angels, you are supporting the criminal element within your region," Renton said.
"We want to change that mindset."
lmonteiro@therecord.com,
Twitter: @MonteiroRecord
lmonteiro@therecord.com ,
Twitter: @MonteiroRecord
Europe's sunny weather makes for a sorry summer in Reykjavik
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Egill Bjarnason, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, people walk on Nautholsvik, an artificial beach in temperatures of 10 degrees Celsius (50 Fahrenheit) in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. The summer weather has been so gray and wet in their part of the world that meteorologists have to go back to 1914 to find a sorrier May and June. To compound the misery, the foul weather in Iceland's capital is caused by a heatwave that is expected to keep people in England and Scandinavia basking in sunshine well into July. less In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, people walk on Nautholsvik, an artificial beach in temperatures of 10 degrees Celsius (50 Fahrenheit) in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain ... more Photo: Egill Bjarnason, AP Image 2 of 5 In this Monday, July 2, 2018, photo, people go for a swim on Nautholsvik, an artificial beach in temperatures of 10 degrees Celsius (50 Fahrenheit) in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. The summer weather has been so gray and wet in their part of the world that meteorologists have to go back to 1914 to find a sorrier May and June. To compound the misery, the foul weather in Iceland's capital is caused by a heatwave that is expected to keep people in England and Scandinavia basking in sunshine well into July. less In this Monday, July 2, 2018, photo, people go for a swim on Nautholsvik, an artificial beach in temperatures of 10 degrees Celsius (50 Fahrenheit) in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the ... more Photo: Egill Bjarnason, AP Image 3 of 5 In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, Switzerland tourists Etienne Evéquoz and Celine Evéquoz pitch a tent at the Laugardalur campsite in Reykjavik. The summer weather in Iceland has been so gray and wet that meteorologists have to go back to 1914 to find a sorrier May and June for Reykjavik. less In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, Switzerland tourists Etienne Evéquoz and Celine Evéquoz pitch a tent at the Laugardalur campsite in Reykjavik. The summer weather in Iceland has been so gray and wet that ... more Photo: Egill Bjarnason, AP Image 4 of 5 In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, lifeguard Sigmundur Askelsson patrols a Nautholsvik artificial beach in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. The summer weather has been so gray and wet in their part of the world that meteorologists have to go back to 1914 to find a sorrier May and June. To compound the misery, the foul weather in Iceland's capital is caused by a heatwave that is expected to keep people in England and Scandinavia basking in sunshine well into July. less In this Monday July 2, 2018, photo, lifeguard Sigmundur Askelsson patrols a Nautholsvik artificial beach in Reykjavik, Iceland. The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. The summer weather has been ... more Photo: Egill Bjarnason, AP Image 5 of 5 Europes sunny weather makes for a sorry summer in Reykjavik 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
REYKJAVIK, Iceland (AP) — Pop singer Helgi Bjornsson, who is well-known in their native Iceland for a 1980s hit titled "I Do Like the Rain," recently appeared on national television while a deadpan reporter challenged them to defend the song's premise.
The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. This summer has been so gray and wet in the capital of Iceland that meteorologists have to look as far back as 1914 to find records for a worse May and June.
In other parts of Europe, especially Britain and Scandinavia, a heat wave is expected to continue well into July.
The stark contrast is no coincidence. High pressure over western Europe alters the jet stream and pushes clouds and rain over the continent's northern posts, causing foul weather in this North Atlantic island nation.
"It's the other side of the heat wave token," Iceland meteorologist Trausti Jonsson said. "The people of Reykjavik are paying for the sunshine in England and southern Scandinavia."
During June, the month of midnight sun and camping holidays in Iceland, sunshine touched Reykjavik for a total of 70 hours. The temperature reached 13.2 degrees Celsius (56 F) on the warmest day, two degrees shy of Reykjavik's average for the month.
In May, it rained every single day.
Summer's delayed arrival has spurred a weather forecast obsession and constant disappointment in the world's northernmost capital city.
A forecast calling for 11 hours of clear sky on Thursday brought giddy excitement, with many posting on social media how they planned to spend the sunniest day in two weeks.
But then the forecast changed. The sun now is expected to give way to clouds by noon, according to the Icelandic Met Office.
Some here have given up hope. One travel agent told local media that bookings for last-minute beach holidays are coming in "without any marketing on our behalf." Tanning salons are making a comeback, while ice cream vendors, house painters and the staffs of outdoor swimming pools struggle with low demand for their services.
"You need about two days of sun for outdoor wood to completely dry," house painter Mar Gudmundsson lamented. "I don't think we have had that."
Summer is Iceland's main tourist season and many travelers sleep in tents during their stays.
The Laugardalur campsite in Reykjavik is seeing slightly fewer guests than in previous years. But manager Oddvar Arnason observed that "most people don't change their means of accommodation after arrival and simply adjust."
Alex Moreno, a 17-year-old camper from Granada in Spain, said they found the brisk climate more pleasant than the boiling weather at home.
"Just put on a jacket and it's fine here," they said.
Things have been worse. In June 1914, when the slaying of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria plunged the globe into World War I, Europe was under a hot spell and Reykjavik, in return, got biblical rainfall.
Historian Gudjon Fridriksson said Reykjavik at the time was a town of about 15,000 people with an undeveloped sewage system and mostly dirt roads.
"Getting from place to place meant crossing mud and a lot of puddles," they said.
As for the remainder of 2018's alleged summer, Fridriksson has an it-can-only-get-better attitude, a widespread expression of resilience and hope in this weather-beaten capital.
"Besides," the prolific historical writer said, "this is the perfect weather to finish my next book."
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Residents expressed outrage when the discussion of a pay raise for the City Council members and the mayor came up at Monday evening's meeting.
The current pay for a Council member is $30 a meeting; this does not include special session meetings and the current pay for the Mayor is $350 a month.
The pay raises would include $50 a meeting for Council members and $500 a month for the Mayor.
“You have no money now how can you give yourself a raise,” resident Teri Gibbs asked?
Other residents commented about how “it is not supposed to be about the money it is supposed to be about the best interest of the town.”
The raises would not go into effect until the next fiscal year which would be July 1, 2018.
The pay raises were rolled call vote and Council members Ryan Jung, Brenda Roberts and Kyle Lane voted yes while Council members Rolland Cagley and Tom Johnson voted no to pass the raises.
For more of this article, see Thursday's Nashua Reporter.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Slugfest! Kershaw wins, Dodgers bang 6 HRs, beat Pirates 8-3
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, is congratulated by Chris Taylor after hitting a two-run home run, while Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz stands at the plate during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. less Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, is congratulated by Chris Taylor after hitting a two-run home run, while Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz stands at the plate during the sixth inning of a ... more Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 2 of 10 Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws to the plate during the second inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws to the plate during the second inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 3 of 10 Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. less Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez ... more Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 4 of 10 Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. less Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez ... more Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 7 of 10 Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman David Freese throws out Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez at first during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman David Freese throws out Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez at first during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 8 of 10 Pittsburgh Pirates' David Freese, right, hits a solo home run as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Yasmani Grandal, left, watches along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. less Pittsburgh Pirates' David Freese, right, hits a solo home run as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Yasmani Grandal, left, watches along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the seventh inning of a baseball ... more Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 9 of 10 Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle yells at the home plate umpire during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle yells at the home plate umpire during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP Image 10 of 10 Slugfests! Kershaw wins, Dodgers bang 6 HRs, beat Pirates 8-3 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Clayton Kershaw pitched their way to freedom while earning their first win in 2 ½ months.
The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner won't be facing any further restrictions in their next start after a solid outing in the Los Angeles Dodgers' 8-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night.
Five Dodgers homered including Max Muncy with a pair, and the team's six homers were the most they've hit at home since also launching six on Sept. 9, 2013, against Arizona.
"You want to get guys back in the dugout as fast as possible the way they're swinging the bats," said Kershaw, who was limited by a pitch count in their last three outings.
Ivan Nova (4-6) became the first pitcher in Pirates history to give up five homers in a game. Pittsburgh has been outscored 25-4 in the first two games of the series.
"They're horses over there. It's a stacked team," Pirates third baseman David Freese said. "They've just got really good approaches right now and they're on time, all of them are on time."
The Dodgers have 11 homers three days into July and 122 so far this season after slugging a major league-leading and franchise-record 55 in June.
"It's pretty remarkable what we're doing," manager Dave Roberts said. "When I look at what we've accomplished offensively, we're in some uncharted territory."
Kershaw (2-4) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings of their third start since coming off the disabled list. The left-handed ace's two strikeouts were against Nova and Kershaw didn't walk anyone to earn their first victory since April 15 at Arizona. They had two losses and four straight no-decisions since.
"His velo is down a little bit but he's still got that cutter and they work it. He's just a guy that locates," Freese said. "You can sense when he's out there that they trust every pitch he's about to throw. That's that makes them really good."
Kershaw had not gone as late as July 3 with just one win since their rookie year in 2008 when they didn't earn their second victory until Aug. 7.
"It's kind of what we wanted," Roberts said of Kershaw. "The fifth and sixth innings were probably the best for me. The ball came out well. We can feel confident going forward the reins are off."
Joc Pederson and Muncy homered back-to-back for the second straight game.
Pederson sent Nova's first pitch of the game over the right-field wall and Muncy followed with a shot to center field for a 2-0 lead.
"They have a really good lineup but we've got to be able to do a better job than that," Nova said.
Muncy led off the third with their team-high 20th homer for a 3-1 lead. They reached 20 homers in 183 at-bats, making them the fastest Dodger to reach the mark, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. Cody Bellinger set the record at 189 at-bats last year.
"I never thought I could hit this many home runs in such a short amount of time," said Muncy, who has played in just 63 games this season.
Freese provided the lone bright spot for the Pirates, going 3 for 3 with a pair of RBI singles that twice cut the Dodgers' lead to one run, and a solo homer off reliever Yimi Garcia.
Chris Taylor kept the slugfest going in the fourth with a two-run shot that made it 5-2. They went 3 for 4 with a strikeout and finished a single shy of hitting for the cycle.
"It seems to be contagious up and down the lineup, which makes it fun in the dugout," Taylor said.
Yasmani Grandal led off the sixth with a homer and Taylor doubled to deep center field to chase Nova.
Nova gave up a season-high seven earned runs and nine hits, struck out three and walked two in five innings.
"It's not fun to give up that many homers," Nova said. "Sometimes you give up that many runs and you don't feel that bad, but giving up five homers is too much."
Nova's replacement didn't fare any better. Enrique Hernandez blasted a two-run homer on the first pitch from Dovydas Neverauskas, extending the Dodgers' lead to 8-2.
Dodgers slugger Matt Kemp's run of eight hits in eight consecutive at-bats ended when they struck out to end the first. One night after tying a career high with five hits, including a three-run homer, Kemp was hitless in four at-bats with two other strikeouts.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Pirates: RHP Joe Musgrove (right index finger infection) went on the DL retroactive to June 30. They were scheduled to start Wednesday's series finale.
Dodgers: RHP Walker Buehler was moved to the DL retroactive to June 29. They began a rehab assignment for Single-A Rancho Cucamonga.
UP NEXT
RHP Clay Holmes (0-0, 2.25 ERA) will replace Musgrove in the series finale on Wednesday. Dodgers LHP Rich Hill (1-3, 4.68) took a no-hitter into extra innings in Pittsburgh last August before allowing a walk-off solo homer in the 10th.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A new Valentine's Day may bring a new relationship, a new box of chocolates or even fresh new roses.
But there's one thing that will probably not be so novel when Cupid makes their latest entry: the notion that certain foods that can actually increase our longing for lovemaking and enhance our sex life.
“From the moment that people were able to scratch on a cave with a stick, people were looking for foods that increase libido,” said Robert Fried, author of “Great Food, Great Sex: The Three Food Factors for Sexual Fitness.” “It's an age-old search.”
But is the idea of eating foods to achieve a more satisfying sex life a myth or fact? Or does the answer lie somewhere in between?
Libido foods — or lies?
The first thing to note is that libido, or sexual desire, is different from sexual performance. And despite what we may have read or heard, foods simply don't boost the former. “The claims in the popular literature for foods that can increase libido have no scientific support,” said Lynn Edlen-Nezin, a clinical health psychologist who co-wrote the book with Fried.
“A lot of the libido-enhancing foods are actually associated with anatomical shapes, so people have equated foods that resemble the genitals of both sexes as having libido-like properties, like avocados on the female side and bananas for the men. There's a lot of folklore associated with it,” said Edlen-Nezin.
What will affect bedroom bliss, however, is the hormone testosterone, which boosts sexual desire in both genders. “There is only one way to control libido in men and women, and that is with testosterone,” said Fried. “If you have adequate testosterone, you'll have adequate libido. But you don't get testosterone in food.” (Note: If you want to boost testosterone, talk to your doctor, as testosterone supplementation should only be used under medical supervision, and if clinically indicated.)
It is true that foods contain micronutrients from our diet that affect the production of hormones, including sex hormones. For example, oysters are a rich source of zinc, which appears to play a role in regulating testosterone levels. But the amount you would need to consume in order to have an impact on libido is unknown.
“These are quasi-nutritional claims that are based on a logic chain but not on real proof,” said Edlen-Nezin. “And we tend to think if one is good, 25 must be really good — but there's no evidence that says if you consume X amount of oysters, you will boost testosterone.”
That's not to say foods like oysters won't serve as an aphrodisiac. “If I'm on a hot date, and I feed you oysters, and I say, ‘These are amazing; we're going to have an incredible night' — and if you like the person feeding you that line — it will probably have a psycho-emotional impact,” said Edlen-Nezin.
A healthy heart means healthy sex
Despite the myths about libido-boosting foods, there's no need to declare a breakup on the relationship between food and sex. In fact, foods can play a role in a healthy sex life — but it has less to do with libido and more to do with sexual performance.
According to both authors, satisfactory sexual performance depends on maintaining proper cardiovascular function so that when you are sexually aroused, blood flow to the sex organs increases as needed to engorge the tissues of those organs.
“What's good for you above the belt is good for you below the belt,” said Edlen-Nezin. And in the same way you can have a heart problem if blood flow to the heart is impaired, you can have impaired sexual function due to decreased blow flow to the genitals.
More specifically, sexual performance is dependent on the ability of our blood vessels to respond to sexual stimuli by forming nitric oxide, a compound that dilates them and allows blood to flow to the genitals, according to Fried. In fact, the drugs used for erectile dysfunction, such as Viagra and Cialis, work via the nitric oxide pathway.
But here's the good news: Food is the primary source of nitric oxide in our bodies. In fact, because nitric oxide has a short life — it decomposes almost immediately in the body — men and women need to eat a lot of foods that fuel its production.
Performance-boosting foods
So what can you put on your plate that will give your sex life a boost? Below are foods that can enhance sexual performance through their ability to form nitric oxide and their overall effects on cardiovascular health:
1. Meats (like lamb), fish (like salmon), eggs, dairy, nuts and beans. These protein-rich foods contain arginine, an amino acid that serves as a building block or precursor of nitric oxide. “High-protein foods are actually very good nitric oxide donors,” said Edlen-Nezin.
2. Green vegetables like spinach, kale, broccoli and Brussels sprouts. They contain nitrogen, which is another important source of nitric oxide. In fact, deep-colored greens release nitric oxide when they are metabolized in the body, according to Edlen-Nezin.
3. Antioxidant-rich foods, especially blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries and prunes. “You need a certain amount of nutritional Drano to keep blood vessels clean,” said Fried. Antioxidants rid the body of harmful free radicals that can damage blood vessels and impede blood flow.
4. Dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is rich in cocoa flavanols, which have antioxidant properties and support healthy blood flow. One study found that small amounts of dark chocolate lowered blood pressure and improved formation of nitric oxide in study participants.
When you think about it, the best diet for a healthy sex life is a heart-healthy diet that's rich in fruits, vegetables and lean protein and low in fat. “There's nothing magical about it,” said Edlen-Nezin.
And the more often you eat these foods, the more satisfying your sex life can be. So incorporate them into your diet on a daily basis — or at least on the nights that call for coupling.
To much of the outside world, gambling is a vice not worthy of mercy: It is a symptom of recklessness, of compulsiveness, of greed. But compulsive gambling is also an addiction — one that affects some three to four million people in the United States alone.
Facebook is facing increased scrutiny after a pair of reports documented the use of Facebook data by Cambridge Analytica.
On Monday, Facebook's stock price fell off a cliff, plummeting by nearly 7% in the first few hours of trading. The dip nearly erased all gains for the tech giant since February and represent the worst 1-day price drop for the company since September 24, 2012, when Barron's priced the stock at well below its value at the time. So, why the sudden sell-off now? Here's what you need to know.
The Price Drop Comes After Facebook Admitted That Cambridge Analytica Was Able To Harvest Its Data
The stock drop comes just two days after The New York Times and the Observer reported that Cambridge Analytica, founded by former Trump staffer Steve Bannon and Republican megadonor Robert Mercer, harvested data from over 50 million Facebook profiles without users' permission to create targetable personality profiles for campaign advertisements used in the 2016 US presidential election.
Facebook claims that the data was passed to Cambridge Analytica by a Russian-American researcher, who said they were using it for academic purposes.
The Reports Raised Criminal And Security Concerns For Facebook
The reports raised serious concerns about the company's security practices and suggested that Facebook representatives may have lied under oath.
Facebook has repeatedly told British and American politicians under oath that Cambridge Analytica did not have access to Facebook user data, but whistleblower Christopher Wylie showed The Times and Observer a letter dated August 2016 asking them to destroy user data collected by their company, suggesting that Facebook was aware of the data vulnerability when it told legislators that Cambridge Analytica didn't have its data.
The letter only came after an article in The Guardian reported that Cambridge Analytica had obtained Facebook user data that it potentially used to sway the Brexit vote and in the Ted Cruz campaign.
Facebook did not follow up with its initial request that the data be destroyed, simply asking Wiley to mark a checkbox to confirm that the data was erased. The academic who collected the data says users were simply told the data was being collected for academic purposes. Facebook called the data transfer to Cambridge Analytica "a serious abuse of our rules," but did not explain what would prevent the same thing happening in the future.
Politicians Are Now Calling For Greater Regulation Of The Company
Adding to the bad press, politicians from Britain and the US are now calling for hearings into Facebook's privacy practices and calling for greater regulation of the company.
Damian Collins, Conservative chair of the UK Digital, Culture, Media and Sports Committee told LBC radio that "the time has now come for us to look at giving more powers to the information commission in the UK."
Antonio Tajani, European Parliament President, tweeted Monday that the EU will investigate the data breach, calling it an "unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights."
Republican Senator John Kennedy joined Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar in asking the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman to hold a hearing where lawmakers could question Mark Zuckerberg and other top tech chief executives.
In the US, Facebook has already faced increased pressure from lawmakers after it was revealed that Facebook ads played a critical role in Russia's covert manipulation of the 2016 presidential election.
Some Wall Street Analysts Say The Reports Represent Critical Problems With Facebook
Some Wall Street Analysts say the reports pose big problems for Facebook, despite a large majority of them rating the stock a "buy."
Brian Wieser, of Pivotal Research Group, reaffirmed their companies "sell" rating in an email to clients Monday morning, writing "We think this episode is another indication of systemic problems at Facebook. … We see enhanced risks for the company, but no near-term tangible impact on its business."
Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo told Reuters that "This episode appears likely to create another and potentially more serious public relations 'black eye' for the company and could lead to additional regulatory scrutiny."
Other Factors Could Be Contributing
The recently highlighted security concerns might not be the only problem contributing to Facebook's market tumble.
At the end of January, Facebook revealed that for the first time in its history, the number of people who used the site daily in the US and Canda dropped between the third and fourth quarter of 2017. Reportedly, Facebook lost a million daily users. Users also reportedly spent 5% less time on the site.
Facebook's leaders are also sending poor messages on the stock, with Mark Zuckerberg selling around $500 million in shares and Sheryl Sandberg selling over $300 million.
A Market-Wide Slump
Overall, the Dow Jones suffered a 1.2% drop Monday, signaling other losses. The slump is widely attributed to speculation around The Federal Reserve's expected interest rate hike, which may come this week, that will most likely set a more aggressive path for tackling inflation.
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
September's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, however, last month's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
READ MORE: Sears Canada seeks court approval to close more B.C. stores
READ MORE: Economist, union president named to Fair Wages Commission
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 12 Draegerwerk AG & Co KGaA:
* Closes the first quarter with a considerable improvement in earnings
* Says order intake in Q1 rose by roughly 5.4 percent net of currency effects
* Says net sales declined by roughly 1.1 percent net of currency effects
* Says gross profit margin stood at approximately 45 percent
* Says EBIT for Q1 amounted to roughly 2 million euros ($2.12 million)
* Says outlook for fiscal year 2017 remains unchanged Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9425 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
ABUJA May 3 Nigeria's central bank has suspended several lenders from its weekly spot and forward interventions because they had made it difficult for small firms to access foreign exchange, it said.
Last month the central bank cut the amount of paperwork small firms require buying dollars, to improve the ease of doing business and help narrow the gap between official and black market exchange rates.
It said it will offer them up to $20,000 per quarter.
The lenders were meant to sell dollars bought from the central bank to small firms to enable them import eligible finished and semi-finished goods but they declined, spokesperson Isaac Okorafor said in a statement.
Okorafor said the regulator took action based on field reports which showed that only eight lenders sold foreign exchange to small firms since the start of the window in April. Nigeria has 22 commercial lenders.
Nigeria runs a system of multiple exchange rates and has created different exchange rates for various customer categories. Okorafor said the bank has used the convoluted system to eliminate "frivolous demand" for foreign currency.
"The action will be lifted immediately any of the affected banks show evidence of significant utilization of the fund allocated to them under the SME window," they said.
The naira was quoted weaker on Wednesday at an investor trading window, at 382.33 per dollar, data from market regulator FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange showed. The official market rate was 305.80 and the black market rate 391.
Okorafor said the bank sold a total of $196.2 million into the currency markets on Tuesday, including $52 million to small firms and $44.2 million to individuals with certain foreign expenses such as school fees and medical bills. (Reporting by Camillus Eboh; Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha)
Th Philippine government says no Filipino or Filipino-American was hurt in the explosion
Published 1:40 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Malacañang, on Tuesday, December 12, condemned the New York subway bomb attack and said it is hoping for the recovery of those wounded in what is being called an act of terrorism.
"Terrorism and hate have no place in society. We pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the New York explosion," said Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque during a Malacañang news briefing.
Roque, quoting the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA), said no Filipino or Filipino-American was hurt in the explosion.
They also gave assurances that the Consulate General in New York is keeping in touch with the Filipino community there.
"The Consulate General is closely monitoring the situation especially as it pertains to the safety and well-being of our kababayans (countrymen) in New York," said the spokesperson.
The bomb, which partially detonated on Monday morning, December 11, in a crowded New York subway passage, was set off by a Bangladeshi immigrant who strapped the bomb to their body.
The explosion injured 3 people.
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, told police investigators they wanted to avenge US air strikes on the Islamic State (ISIS) group, US media reported.
US President Donald Trump used the attack to call for tougher US immigration rules, saying the current "lax" policy "allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country."
"Today's attempted mass murder attack in New York City – the second terror attack in New York in the last two months – once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people," Trump said in a statement. – with reports from Agence France-Presse / Rappler.com
A West Virginia woman who claimed their 3-year-old daughter was kidnapped by human traffickers in 2011 has been found guilty of murdering the child, multiple outlets report.
On Monday, a jury in Lewis County Circuit Court found Lena Marie Lunsford Conaway, 35, guilty of four felony counts in the death of their daughter, Aliayah Lunsford, WVNews reports.
Conaway was convicted of murder of a child by parent by failure to provide necessities, death of a child by parent by child abuse, child abuse resulting in injury and concealment of a dead body, CBS News reports.
Conaway faces up to life in prison. Jurors returned to court Tuesday morning to decide whether Conaway will be eligible for parole, WVNews reports.
Aliayah Lunsford Source: Justice 4 Aliayah Lunsford/Facebook
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click hereto get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Conaway reported their daughter missing from their home in Weston on Sept. 24, 2011.
They told investigators that when they checked on Aliayah earlier that morning, they were asleep in their bed, but that when they returned to their daughter's room hours later, the girl was gone, court records show.
Authorities believe Aliayah died inside their home, hours after Conaway struck the little girl in the head with a board, prosecutors said in court, WVNews reports.
Lena Lunsford Conaway Charleston Gazette-Mail/AP
Conaway's two older daughters testified said the child fell to the ground after their mother struck her, WVNews reports. They said Conaway refused to bring the child to the hospital and wouldn't let anyone else call for help, court records show.
The daughters testified that their mother put the child's lifeless body in a clothes hamper before disposing of it in the woods, CBS reports.
One of their daughters testified that they are still scared of their mother, saying, “Her favorite line to tell us was: ‘I brought you into this world, and I can take you out,'” WVNews reported.
Conaway tried to cover up the murder by saying their daughter had been kidnapped by human traffickers who were part of a motorcycle gang, court records state.
During closing arguments, prosecutor Christina Flanigan told jurors that Conaway treated Aliayah worse than a dog, the Associated Press and local station WOWK-TV report.
Defense attorney Tom Dyer argued that there's no evidence that the child was killed, the AP reports.
Calls to Dyer for comment were not immediately returned.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
VENTURA, Calif. (Reuters) - Firefighters across Southern California made progress on Saturday battling a slew of scattered wildfires that have killed at least one person, destroyed hundreds of buildings and forced more than 200,000 people from their homes this week.
As the dry Santa Ana winds that have fueled the blazes abated slightly, officials lifted evacuation orders for parts of Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, and crews started getting the upper hand in containing some major fires.
But with the National Weather Service expecting a pickup in top wind velocity to 55 miles per hour (89 km per hour) on Sunday from 40 miles per hour (64 km per hour), the 8,700 firefighters battling six fast-moving blazes were under pressure to work quickly.
“We're far from being out of the woods on any of them,” Ken Pimlott, director of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CAL FIRE), told a news briefing in Ventura.
At an evacuation shelter at the Ventura County Fairgrounds on Saturday, fluorescent lights shone above hundreds of cots set up in rows. Outside, dust and soot made it hard to breathe.
Surah Yasharal and Yaaqub Yoshua were at the shelter with their two toddlers, stuck there since arriving by Greyhound bus from Florida on Friday. They had planned to move into a guest house owned by Yoshua's employer, but by Saturday they still had not learned whether it had survived.
“If it's not there when we get there, we'll go back to the drawing board,” said Yoshua, 26. “We'll improvise.”
Marie Snyder was at the beach on Monday evening when the fire started. They could not return to their home in the community of Oak View, so they stayed with friends for a few days, coming to the shelter on Friday.
“We were down at the beach and all of a sudden it got really windy and then it got really warm,” they said. “And then I saw the moon was red.”
This week's fires have destroyed nearly 800 buildings, mostly in Ventura County where the Thomas Fire, the largest blaze, erupted on Monday.
firefighters attack the Thomas Fire's north flank with backfires as they continue to fight a massive wildfire north of Los Angeles, near Ojai , California, U.S., December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Gene Blevins
Officials said that by Saturday the Thomas Fire had charred 148,000 acres (59,893 hectares), an area about the size of Chicago. As evening approached, the blaze was the most active north of the small city of Ojai, north of Ventura, known for its classical music festival and its spas. Ojai itself was not threatened, officials said.
California Governor Jerry Brown told reporters that climate change had helped make intense fires such as these the state's “new normal.”
The fires threatened Californians from Santa Barbara County down the Pacific Coast to Mexico. They have claimed at least one human casualty: Virginia Pesola, 70, died in a Wednesday car accident along an evacuation route from the Thomas Fire.
Slideshow (11 Images)
“The cause of death is blunt force injuries with terminal smoke inhalation and thermal injuries,” Ventura County Medical Examiner Christopher Young said in a statement on Friday.
Brown issued emergency proclamations this week for Santa Barbara, San Diego, Los Angeles and Ventura counties. President Donald Trump issued a federal proclamation that enables agencies to coordinate relief efforts.
The fires have threatened property worth billions of dollars, just weeks after October wildfires in Northern California resulted in insured losses of more than $9 billion. Those fires, concentrated in wine country, killed 43 people.
At their peak, this week's fires drove about 212,000 Californians from their homes. The lifting of several evacuation orders reduced the number of people displaced from their homes to 87,000 on Saturday.
Visibility improved in Ventura early on Saturday, with blue skies returning as strong winds blew smoke out to sea.
Throughout the area, officials reported gains in their battle to contain the fires. The Thomas Fire was 15 percent contained and the Skirball Fire in Los Angeles was 75 percent contained, while the Creek and Rye Fires in Los Angeles County were 80 percent and 65 percent contained, officials said.
North of San Diego, the 4,100-acre (1,660-hectare) Lilac Fire was 20 percent contained by Saturday, officials said. Fallbrook, known for its avocado orchards, burned, and homes were destroyed in its Rancho Monserate Country Club retirement community.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
2:25 p.m.
The University of Oklahoma's student body president is chastising a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
Student government President J.D. Baker released an open letter Sunday urging the campus to voice its opinion about comments Kirk Humphreys made on a local TV public affairs show over the weekend.
Baker says the comments were "outright disrespectful, out of line and ignorant."
The president of the university's LGBTQ Alumni Society went a step further Monday, calling on Humphreys to resign. Joe Sangirardi says Humphreys serves as a regent to support students, not attack them.
Humphreys made the comments during KFOR-TV's public affairs show. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
12:15 p.m.
The president of the University of Oklahoma is distancing themselves from comments made by a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
University President David Boren said in a statement Monday that board member and former Oklahoma City Mayor Kirk Humphreys wasn't speaking on behalf of the university.
Boren also says they don't share Humphreys' views and that the university is a diverse and inclusive family.
Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
A staffer at Humphreys' office says they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys also didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment from The Associated Press.
___
10:55 a.m.
A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for their removal from the board if they don't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Stevenson said Monday their group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if they don't apologize.
By The Associated Press
March 30 Uber Technologies Inc:
* Uber - rolling out changes to the pickup and customer support experience based on feedback from drivers and riders - Blog
* Uber - enabling riders on ios in the U.S., Canada and U.K. to update their pickup location if they happened to request from the wrong place
* Uber - begun updates to customer support policies in U.S., Canada that give drivers more say on "concerns and complaints that affect their bottom line"
* Uber - "when looking into rider complaints related to poor driving, we'll now take into account driver history"
* Uber - "we will now give drivers a say in fare adjustments"
* Uber - "going forward, if a driver disputes a fare adjustment, we will validate the claim and make sure they are appropriately compensated"
* Uber - in addition to relying on rider feedback when suspending a driver, we will use technology like real time ID to validate the claim Source text: (ubr.to/2nDmg64) Further company coverage:
* Yields hover just above multi-week lows
* Fed balance sheet trim could slow rate hikes
* Hotly-anticipated ECB minutes due on Thursday
* Chance of ECB rate rise in Dec below 20 percent
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 6 Euro zone government bond yields edged back towards multi-week lows on Thursday as investors weighed up the outlook for monetary policy in two of the world's largest economic blocs.
Minutes from the U.S. central bank's last meeting released late Wednesday showed most policymakers favour trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year.
While this would be a tightening move, the market reaction suggested investors think it may affect other policy levers and slow the pace of interest rate hikes.
Suggestions from the U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan that fiscal stimulus via tax reform could be some way off also kept downward pressure on U.S Treasury yields and, in turn, on the euro zone's flagship German yield, which has halved over the past three weeks.
Minutes from the European Central Bank's last meeting, due to be released on Thursday, also seeded caution in bond markets as investors questioned whether they had read too much into small tweaks to the ECB's policy message.
A source close to the ECB discussions told Reuters last week that changes to its forward guidance had been over-interpreted by markets which had immediately begun to price in the prospect of rate increases at the end of the year.
"The FOMC's focus on ending its re-investments and downbeat comments on a swift U.S. tax stimulus weighed on risk sentiment," Commerzbank analyst Rainer Guntermann said.
"Today will provide more colour on the ECB discussion. The ECB accounts of the latest Council meeting could help to understand whether the market really 'over-interpreted'."
Germany's 10-year bond yield - the bloc's benchmark - edged down 1 basis point to 0.25 percent, off a one-month low of 0.24 percent breached Tuesday but still far from the 14-month high of 0.51 percent reached in mid-March.
Most other euro zone yields were 1 to 2 basis points lower on the day.
ECB chief Mario Draghi said on Thursday they see no need to deviate from the ECB's stated policy path, which includes bond buying at least until the end of the year and record-low rates until well after that to stimulate inflation.
Money market pricing suggest investors see less than a 20 percent chance the ECB will raise rates at the end of this year, down from as much as 70 percent at the end of last month, and around a 40 percent chance of a hike in March 2018.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
May 3 American International Group Inc, one of the largest U.S. insurers, reported higher first-quarter operating profit on Wednesday, helped by investment returns and cost cuts.
AIG reported operating earnings of $1.37 billion, or $1.36 per share, compared with $765 million, or 64 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
The New York-based insurer also said its board authorized an additional $2.5 billion in share repurchases, putting the company closer to its goal of returning $25 billion of capital to investors by year-end.
That is a central part of a two-year turnaround plan underway at AIG, which has been the target of activist investors led by billionaire Carl Icahn. The company has returned $18.1 billion to shareholders through buybacks since announcing the plan last year.
The results mark a rebound from a surprisingly wide loss in the fourth quarter, which stunned investors and AIG's board, triggering the resignation of Chief Executive Peter Hancock. Hancock said on March 9 they would depart once the board found a replacement.
Profit was also boosted by lower-than-expected catastrophe losses, better selection of commercial risks it insures and getting rid of legacy businesses, the company said.
"Our first quarter results highlight the success of the actions we have taken to execute on our strategy, strengthen our balance sheet, and improve earnings quality," Hancock said in a statement. (Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Bill Rigby)
BRASILIA, March 29 Brazil needs independent controls of meat industry inspections, a European Union health official said on Wednesday, wrapping up a visit to the country where an inspector bribery scandal led several countries to suspend Brazilian meat imports.
EU Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Vytenis Andriukaitis told reporters the bloc could take additional measures next Tuesday and will send an auditing team to Brazil to visit some meat packing plants and report back to Brussels after Easter. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle)
A branded sign is displayed outside of a Booker Wholesale store in London, Britain January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Tesco (TSCO.L), Britain's biggest retailer, remains committed to its agreed 3.7 billion pound ($4.7 billion) takeover of wholesaler Booker (BOK.L) despite opposition from some big shareholders, its boss said on Tuesday.
On Monday, Tesco's third and fourth largest investors -- Schroders (SDR.L) and Artisan Partners, who together hold 9 percent of its equity -- called on the supermarket group to withdraw its offer, saying it was overpaying and the deal was a distraction from the company's turnaround plan.
"We're absolutely, completely committed to the deal," Tesco CEO Dave Lewis told reporters on Tuesday.
“Since we made the announcement (on Jan. 27) I've met tens of shareholders, here and in North America, and I'm really pleased with the response that we've got," they said.
Lewis said support for the deal was borne out by investors buying Tesco stock over the last two months.
"If you look what the buying has been in our top 10 register you see that a significant majority of our top 10 have increased their holding within Tesco," they said.
They added those investors recognised the growth opportunity of the deal and the projected annual synergies of 200 million pounds -- well ahead of the earnings of Booker in 2016-17.
Bruno Monteyne, a former senior Tesco executive who is now an analyst at Bernstein, does not think the Schroders/Artisan stance reflects majority opinion among Tesco shareholders.
They said that although there was an element of "distraction risk" it was not sufficient to derail the deal.
They believe shareholders are generally very supportive of Lewis' turnaround plan.
"If they were to vote down this Booker deal, this would be read as a big vote of no-confidence in this management team, even if that isn't the issue at heart or the issue raised by the (dissenting) shareholders," they said.
Simon Murphy, head of UK large cap at Old Mutual Global Investors -- a top-40 investor in both Tesco and Booker -- reckons the deal will accelerate growth at both companies.
“We remain supportive of Tesco's acquisition of Booker Group, believing it works well for both sets of shareholders," they said.
Lewis also stressed Tesco was still in the early stages of the timetable for taking over Booker, with the deal still to be formally considered by competition authorities.
If it crosses that hurdle, the deal will need to be approved by 50 percent of Tesco shareholders at an investor meeting.
"This has got a long way to run," said Lewis.
Shares in Tesco, down 7.6 percent this year, were up 0.7 percent at 191.2 pence at 1538 GMT, also influenced by news the firm is to pay 214 million pounds in fines and compensation for investors to settle a probe over a 2014 accounting fraud.
Lewis also rejected criticism that Tesco's engagement with shareholders over the deal had been inadequate.
They said it was "not at all unusual" for Tesco not to consult shareholders before proposing the deal and that they had spoken to Schroders and Artisan on several occasions.
"We offered both of them the opportunity to come and spend more time in the business and to understand why we felt so strongly about it," Lewis said.
"One of them took it up and we spent six hours with them, walking it through, and the other declined to come."
($1 = 0.7957 pounds)
(Editing by Mark Potter and Catherine Evans)
NEWARK, N.J. — Just when it looked like the New Jersey Devils were coming back to the pack in the Eastern Conference after a surprising start, they have surprised everyone again.
This time it was the NHL's hottest team.
Travis Zajac scored two goals and set up another as the Devils limited Pittsburgh to a season-low 16 shots in posting a 3-1 victory on Saturday night, ending the Penguins' four-game winning streak.
The win was the Devils third straight after the All-Star break and it came against the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who had only lost twice in 11 games.
"These are big because you want to create as much separation as you can especially as the year goes on," Zajac said after the Devils leapfrogged the Penguins and moved back into second place in the Metropolitan Division with three games in hand. "It's nice to get these wins, keep improving and we're going to have to win a lot more games. As long as we're prepared and focused, we'll get there."
Blake Coleman also scored and Stefan Noesen had two assists for the Devils, who have missed the playoffs the past five seasons.
"You have goals you set out to achieve, every night won't win, but I think our consistency through 60 minutes has been good," centre Brian Boyle said. "Sometimes you have to simplify and go to basics. We got a great group of character guys in this room."
Keith Kinkaid made 15 saves and benefited from a goaltender interference call that denied Sidney Crosby a third-period goal.
Evgeni Malkin, the NHL player of the month in January with 12 goals, scored in the third period. They now have eight goals in their last four games, 15 since Jan. 1, and 29 overall. Rookie goaltender Casey DeSmith made 35 saves for the Penguins, who looked sluggish after beating Washington on Friday night.
"When you don't play committed, you don't play hard, you get outplayed, you are not going to win," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. "We got outplayed. It's pretty simple. They wanted it more. They won every loose puck battle. They were quicker with their second man to the puck battles. For whatever reason, we didn't have any jump tonight. We didn't seem to have our legs. We certainly got outplayed. We deserved to lose."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOPEWELL, Va. -- Concerned viewers reached out to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers after discovering small Bibles inside two Hopewell City Schools.
Their concerns centered around whether the Bibles were purchased with school funds and if they violated the separation of church and state.
That concern was shot down by the finance director for Hopewell City Schools, who said "we have never purchased bibles."
The bibles were donated by Gideons International, whose mission is to distribute small Bibles and small New Testaments around the world.
The organizations mission includes providing bibles to students in grades five and up.
Hopewell City Schools Superintendent Melody Hackney released a statement to CBS 6 concerning the bibles.
"Hopewell City Schools has an open access distribution practice. Unless the information is inappropriate, would cause a disruption, or could interfere with existing school sponsored activities, materials are approved."
They went on the say in this particular case, the Gideon request for formal Bible distribution was not approved.
"However, like other flyers and information, they were approved to be placed in the guidance offices of the middle and high schools," they said.
Mike Dawson, who has three children in Hopewell Schools, said they don't think religious materials should be forced on anyone.
"If they're available and it's your choice to pick it up and read it, that's on you. I don't think it should be banned," they added.
"I think they should be available to anyone who wants to read them. I would feel like we're doing a disservice if they weren't available," said Randy Sealey, whose daughter graduated a few days ago. "I don't have a problem if the Koran is in school for those people who want to worship that way."
The ACLU of Viriginia issued this statement to CBS 6 concerning the Bibles:
"The distribution of Gideon Bibles in public schools clearly violates the establishment clause of the first amendment. This practice particularly concerns us because impressionable students may feel coerced and pressured into supporting a particular religion."
CBS 6 News is working for you. Click here to email a tip to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers. Be sure to leave us your name, phone number and detailed description of the problem. You can also leave a message by calling 804-254-3672.
The decision reverses a July 2016 Securities and Exchange Commission ruling which barred Ongpin from joining the board of any listed firm and fined them P174 million
Published 2:45 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Court of Appeals (CA) cleared business person Roberto Ongpin of insider trading of Philex Mining Corporation shares back in 2009.
The decision reversed a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) en banc ruling in July 2016 which prohibited Ongpin from becoming part of the board of any Philippine Stock Exchange-listed firm.
The SEC had also ordered Ongpin, a former trade minister under the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos, to pay a fine of P174 million, or P1 million each for 174 counts of insider trading.
"The decision dated July 8, 2016 of respondent, finding petitioner [Ongpin] liable for committing 174 counts of insider trading under Section 27.1 of the Securities and Regulation Code is hereby reversed and set aside. The administrative charge against petitioner is accordingly dismissed," reads the CA decision penned by Associate Justice Maria Luisa Quijano-Padilla.
The court ruling was promulgated last December 1 and released on Tuesday, December 12.
Insider trading
The SEC had accused Ongpin of insider trading when they accumulated then sold a big block of Philex shares to Manuel Pangilinan-led First Pacific, with the prior knowledge of an agreed upon price at which to sell the shares.
Ongpin acquired their first block of Philex Mining shares from Banco de Oro in 2007. They then acquired additional shares held by John Gokongwei and Manuel Zamora.
In the morning of December 2, 2009, Ongpin, through Golden Media Corporation, bought another block of almost 50 million shares at P19.25 each, from the open market.
That evening, Ongpin sold their 550 million shares for P21 apiece to Two Rivers Pacific Holdings Corporation, a subsidiary of First Pacific. This gave First Pacific control over Philex.
In coming to the decision, the CA noted it was well-publicized beforehand that First Pacific intended to take control of Philex.
The CA added that it found "no merit in the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) contention that the price of P21.00 per share and the date of the intended block sale are material since the price of Philex shares went down from P19.00 on December 2, 2009 to P17.75 or about 20.5% within two days after the sale in favor of First Pacific."
While the OSG alleged that the drop in price was a "red flag," the CA said the OSG later admitted Philex share prices went up in the first place because of the bidding war between First Pacific and Ramon Ang's San Miguel Corporation prior to the sale.
"Based on the premise that it was the active speculation of the investing public which triggered the steady increase in the price of Philex shares, we reckon that the public disclosure of the December 2, 2009 sale in favor of First Pacific simply ended all aggressive speculation, and this inevitably lead to the drop in the market price of Philex shares," the CA said.
"Guided by the foregoing, the alleged material nonpublic information which are the price of P21.00 per share and the date of intended block sale are indeed not 'properties' of Philex as these were all part of the negotiations which are, admittedly, privately done between [Ongpin] and Mr Pangilinan," it added.
"Hence, it is apparent that such information was not attributable to Philex and it could not be considered to have been acquired by petitioner from their insider relationship with Philex. There being no material information involved, petitioner can be said to be trading only upon their own intentions."
While the SEC's July 2016 decision barred Ongpin from holding a seat on the board of any listed firm, a temporary restraining order obtained shortly after the ruling allowed them to remain as chairperson of online gaming firm PhilWeb and energy firm Atok-Big Wedge.
Ongpin eventually sold all their shares in and resigned as chairperson of PhilWeb after President Rodrigo Duterte tagged them as an oligarch to be "destroyed."
They remain chairperson of Atok-Big Wedge which, along with Philex Mining, owns the rights to explore and develop a potentially lucrative natural gas concession in Palawan. – Rappler.com
Throughout our lives we will most likely battle weaknesses, such as fear. I believe our childhood fears never disappear completely. Instead our experiences are capable of quelling our fears with adult reasoning, wisdom and maturity.
According to the dictionary fear is an unpleasant emotion caused by the belief that someone or something is dangerous, likely to cause pain, or a threat, while psychologists term fear as an emotional response. Either way we've all experienced fear and I dare say none of us like it. Our fears reveal who we are, if we are brave enough to confront them. Fear is really the stories we tell ourselves. In other words we don't actually fear the unknown, but rather we fear what we think we know about the unknown. Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. But what if we regarded fear as our brains way of alerting us that there is something important for us to overcome? Perhaps we would never let our fear limit us or decide our fate.
A number of years ago (long enough that I am now able to write about it), I went to the fair with seven other women. During the evening I was separated from them. I walked and hunted for them but could not locate them, so I sat and watched for them but I still did not find them. I don't remember having a cellphone (perhaps it was before everyone carried them or maybe I didn't have their numbers) but after what seemed like an eternity I felt my emotions carrying me into my childhood fears.
I felt that they intentionally hid from me. I tried to wear a brave face all the while feeling deserted. I felt as though I was six years old again, being teased, rejected, abandoned and afraid. I tried to hold back my tears, but they were filling my eyes. Since I had driven I rushed into the parking lot towards my car. I stood by my car and began to sob, so I ducked inside the car to be unseen, but it only provoked an onslaught of tears. I felt my childhood insecurities hijack my emotions and judgment. I was living with fear of abandonment, fear to trust, and fear of being unloved.
For nearly a week I carried the trauma of that experience however I was too embarrassed to explain myself to those ladies. Instead I allowed them to draw their own conclusions. After all, would they have arrived at a different conclusion? In reality I was an adult reacting like a six year old with a driver's license.
I have chosen to write about one of my more embarrassing moments, because it's one of my greatest fears/weaknesses/insecurities. And because I believe fear, just like the childhood monster under the bed, cannot exist in the light. I believe we must confront our fear in an effort to conquer it, for fear can, and has been, used as a weapon by manipulators, such as advertisers, politicians and terrorists.
So where does our strength to conquer fear come from? Our strength comes from the Lord. We need only remind ourselves that God loves us more than we can ever love them and They will never abandon us.
UPCOMING EVENTS:
Saturday, October 7, there will be a FFA Health Fair beginning at 8:30 – 11:30 a.m. in the Board of Education (old high school) gymnasium.
Sunday, October 8, there will be pork loin dinners will be available from 11 a.m. – 1 p.m. at the Versailles K of C hall and fried chicken dinners will be available at the VFW hall from 4 p.m. until sold out.
Next Friday, October 13, after the Coldwater football game there will be the 12th annual ball drop. There is still time to purchase your chance to win $10,000. (Need not be present to win) Contact Friends of Hole Field or purchase a chance before the game.
Next Saturday, October 14, two former graduates of VHS will be participating in the Wounded Warrior Amputee Exhibition Softball Game at Ron Nischwitz Baseball Stadium on the campus of Wright State University. Tony Paulus and Dick Glick of the Dayton Legends 75+ Softball All-Stars play in Game 2 beginning at 3:30 pm. Gates open at noon. There will be food trucks on site. Opening ceremony begins at 1 p.m. with Game 1 starting at 2:30 p.m. Admission is $5 donation. All proceeds go to 1) WWAST, 2) new Fisher House Project at Dayton VA Medical Center, and 3) Honor Flight-Dayton.
Happy to Julia Wilke, Greg Bergman, Deacon Mike Meyer, Megan Subler, Mary Ann Leach, Taylor Hemmelgarn (3), Camille Watren, JoAnn Albers, Melissa Bowman, Linda Link, Jacob Treon, Jane Mumaw, Lauren Hartzell, Amy Lawson, Collin Peters, Megan Subler, Jerry Gasquez, Hayden Miller, Diana Subler, Deb Ward, Jennifer Shields, Amy Hoying, Carrey Whittington, Stacy Poeppelman, Lindsay Rethman, Mike Kelch, Mert Bensman, Christina Garlinger, Lindsay Schultz, Jacob Poling, Andrew Platfoot, Robin Brown, Connie Winner, and Virginia Goubeaux, Joann Bohman, as their birthdays approach as well as, anniversary wishes to Brook and Ben Wilson (2), Lacy and Steve Thobe (3), Mandy and Daniel Miller (5), Jessica and Justin Erwin (5), Michele and Kevin Henninger (8), Josie and Kyle Kunk (10), Jessica and Nick Groff (11), Dina and Jim Marchal (15), Jenny and Phil Pleiman (17), Darlene and David Meyer (17), Lela and Jack Munn (19), Julie and Todd Deeter (23), Lori and Doug Davidson (24), Elaine and Kurt Bohman (28), Joan and Mike Bergman (42), Madonna and Fred McEldowney (46), and Alice and Ralph Mangen (60).
Happy retirement wishes to Sandy Noggle. Congratulations to the owners and staff of Bowler Store and Swift Gilly Bouquet for successful grand openings and best wishes to the owners and staff of Gus's Coffee, Creamery & Café who is expected to open in the very near future.
Please give your supportive and healing prayers to the many who are dealing with any of life's countless challenges, and especially for Allie Wietholter, Ed Bulcher, Janie Huber, Mary Margaret Fullenkamp, Aiden Meyer, Sylvester Meyer, Alice DeMange, Earl Gigandet, Madison Berger, Tony Gehret (VHCC), Terry and Donna Black, Norbert “John” Magoto (VHCC), Phyllis Oliver, Tim Bayless, Pooch Barga (VHCC), Chris Apple, Wilma Heiby (VHCC), Carl DeMange, Rosie Cordonnier, Rhomaine Berger (VHCC), Miriam Harman, Jack Monnin, Mary Batty, Norma Magoto, Betty Kremer (VHCC), Denny Grilliot, Beverly Brown, Virginia Smith, John Subler, Mary Barga, Anabelle Subler (VHCC), Julia Billenstein, Connie (Baltes) Lechleiter, Dan Monnin, Lois Youngker, Barb Goubeaux, Eileen Rahm, Cyril Voisard (VHCC), Samantha Smith and those not mentioned by name who are recuperating, hospitalized, homebound and/or in need of our prayers.
Heartfelt sympathy to the family and friends of Robert Longenecker (81), Lora Jane Landis (85) and also remembering within our hearts the lives of Nina Collett, Bob Homan and Carol Hart also remembering the lives of Fran MacLean, Basil Subler, Lorys Bohman, Gary Long, Nancy Jones, Lucille Alexander, Robert Grillot, Joe Bensman, Verna Cool, Betty Wooley, Julie Hiatt, Harold Phlipot, Gary Kimmel, Lowell Marshall, John Gasson, Lucille McClurg, Betty Grilliot, Bill Hawkey, Slim Wehrkamp, Red Mescher, Ken Wulber, Waldo Barga and all those not mentioned by name as the anniversary of their passing nears.
“When we face our fears we free ourselves. ~C. Edwards
“Fear is an idea-crippling, experience-crushing, success-stalling inhibitor inflicted only by yourself.” ~Unknown
“Fear is the path to the Dark Side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, and hate leads to suffering.”~Yoda
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_KathyMagatoPRINT.jpg
By Kathy Magoto Versailles News
Kathy Magoto is a volunteer citizen columnist, who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their weekly Versailles community column. They can be reached at magmon1@embarqmail.com or at 526-3798. Feel free to contact them with Versailles news and tidbits. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Kathy Magoto is a volunteer citizen columnist, who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their weekly Versailles community column. They can be reached at magmon1@embarqmail.com or at 526-3798. Feel free to contact them with Versailles news and tidbits. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
For many people, there's that one family recipe that always brings back memories of growing up—and for chef Donatella Arpaia, that is their mom's meatballs and ragu.
“Meatballs and Sunday ragu is so much a part of our story,” Arpaia tells PEOPLE. “It really what made me follow my whole career in food. It all started with the meatball.”
The 46-year-old, who announced earlier this week that they are expecting twins with their husband Allan Stewart, says this classic Italian recipe is one their mom always made on Sundays.
“There was a reason for it,” they say. “It takes a long time. This is not something you want to rush, particularly the ragu.”
Arpaia says the key to this recipe is frying the meatballs like “all good Italians do” and using the right technique while forming them into balls.
“The hands have to massage the meat really well and you don't want to play with your balls too much, I don't know how else to say it,” they say with a laugh.
They also note that once you put the meatballs in the frying pan, you have to leave them alone and only flip them once.
“You want a gorgeous crust to form,” they say.
Arpaia serves the dish over fresh orecchiette pasta and ricotta salata on top.
“It brings me back to my childhood in one second,” they say.
Get the full recipe below, and watch the step-by-step video above.
Donatella Arpaia's Sunday Meatballs and Ragu
For Ragu
Serves 8 to 10
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
2 celery stalks with leaves, chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
Kosher salt & freshly ground pepper
1½ lbs (6-8) meaty, bone-in-pork spareribs, rinsed
1½ lbs (6-8) sweet Italian sausage with fennel seeds, pierced all over with a fork
1 garlic clove, chopped
1 cup red wine
3 (35-oz.) cans tomato puree
1 handful fresh basil leaves
Meatballs (recipe below)
1. Heat olive oil in a large pan over medium heat.
2. Add celery and onion, season with salt and pepper, and cook, partially covered, until golden and soft, about 5 minutes.
3. Add meats and raise the heat to medium-high. Sauté, turning occasionally until browned all over.
4. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until it evaporates, 5 minutes.
5. Add tomato puree, basil, salt and pepper. Partially cover, bring to a boil, and reduce heat. Let it simmer 1½ hours. Add the meatballs and let simmer another 20 minutes.
6. Remove from heat and serve with pasta of your choice.
Meatballs
Serves 8 to 10
1 small loaf stale Italian bread (about 8 thick slices) torn into 2½-inch chunks
2 lbs. 80%-lean ground beef chuck
5 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped
½ cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley
1 large egg, lightly beaten
¾ cups grated Parmesan cheese
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Canola oil, for frying
1. Put bread in a bowl and add enough milk to cover. Let stand for 5 minutes, turning to moisten evenly. Gently squeeze out excess milk.
2. Add beef, garlic, parsley, egg and Parmesan to the bread and combine. Season with salt and pepper. Knead the mixture for at least 5 minutes with your hands, until uniformly combined and smooth.
3. Pinch a tablespoon of meat into your palms and shape into a ball. Place on a baking sheet and continue with the rest of the mixture.
4. Fill a large, deep skillet halfway with canola oil and heat over high heat. When strands form along the bottom, lower 8 to10 meatballs at a time into the oil. Do not overcrowd. They should be ¾ submerged in oil. Reduce the heat to medium and fry for 6 to 7 minutes each side, turning only once.
5. Remove the meatballs from the oil and transfer to a plate lined with a paper towel. Turn the heat back up to high and repeat with second batch.
MILAN, April 10 A spokesperson for Italian oil major Eni reiterated on Monday that the group and its personnel had not been involved in any wrongdoing in Nigeria.
The comments followed a media report about alleged illicit payments in a case revolving around the purchase of a Nigerian oilfield by Eni and Royal Dutch Shell in 2011 for about $1.3 billion.
In emailed comments, an Eni spokesperson said the allegations in the report were not supported by the facts, the underlying agreements or the independent investigations conducted to date.
"Neither Eni nor Shell paid any monies other than as contemplated and recorded by the Block Resolution Agreement and did not pay to Malabu, to Chief Dan Etete or to any public officer," the spokesperson said. (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes; writing by Francesca Landini)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Hamilton police are searching for two men wearing construction outfits seen running from a possible shooting in Stoney Creek.
Police were called to 23 Echovalley Dr., near Mud Street, around 9:30 p.m. Monday by a neighbour who reported hearing gunshots from a unit within that property earlier that day around 8:30 a.m., said Const. Lorraine Edwards.
Police spoke with other people in the neighbourhood and learned that two men dressed in construction clothing, wearing yellow hats and white breathing masks were seen around the time of the possible shooting.
One man was seen going into the unit and both were seen running northbound toward Mud, Edwards said.
DARKE COUNTY – The West Central Ohio Gourd Patch will meet at the Darke County Shawnee Prairie Nature Center at 7 p.m. July 12.
The group always is looking for new members to join so those who are interested in learning more about growing and crafting gourds should feel free to come.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
CLEVELAND (AP) — In a rambling video, Steve Stephens said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of themselves killing a retiree, police were unable to explain what set them off.
“Only Steve knows that,” Cleveland police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $50,000 reward for Stephens' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker.
In the video, Stephens blamed a former girlfriend they had lived with, saying they woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.” But in a statement Monday, the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to them and their children.
As for the shooting victim, Godwin appeared to have been selected at random, gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of their children.
A manhunt that started in Cleveland's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults, police said.
“He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips, and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens. But they said there was no sign they were actually there.
Some of those who know Stephens described them as pleasant and kind, while some said they had a gambling problem. They filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
In another video posted to Facebook, Stephens said that they gambled away everything and that they and their girlfriend had planned to marry but didn't, without saying why.
“He got along with everybody, so it's just unbelievable what happened,” said Alexis Lee, a friend who saw Stephens last week.
The police chief said: “We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this, because we don't know.”
Godwin's daughter said they were killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag.
“Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone.”
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
In the shooting video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” The victim did not seem to recognize the woman's name. The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.” They said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed more than a dozen people.
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a social services agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people. They helped them gain job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. Their attorney at the time, Trent Binger, said Monday that they remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems.
“He was an easy client to deal with,” Binger said. “Always respectful to me … well-mannered.”
April 3 Five Prime Therapeutics Inc:
* Five Prime Therapeutics Inc says presents preclinical research data on csf-1r and pd-1 blockade
* Five Prime -results show that, when added to pd-1/pd-l1 blockade, surrogate antibody for fpa008 can significantly enhance anti-tumor efficacy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Everton 1 Stoke City 0 at Goodison Park
* Wayne Rooney scores on their Premier League return for Everton in 45th minute
* It was their first league appearance for their boyhood club since returning from Manchester United
* Dominic Calvert-Lewin could have made it 2-0
* Everton keeper Jordan Pickford made a vital save in injury time
* Everton visit Manchester City on Monday August 21, Stoke are at home to Arsenal on Saturday August 19
EVERTON 1 STOKE CITY 0
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Wayne Rooney marked their Premier League return in Everton colours with the winning goal in a 1-0 victory over Stoke City at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Rooney, who was full of invention and energy throughout, rose well to meet a fine Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross with a looping header into the far corner on the stroke of half-time.
The former England captain rejoined their boyhood club last month after 13 years with Manchester United.
Everton's new goalkeeper, Jordan Pickford, pulled off a superb save in injury time to deny Xherdan Shaqiri an equaliser from a long-range drive. (Reporting by Simon Evans,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
The father of Justine Damond, the Australian bride-to-be who was fatally shot last month by Minneapolis police after they called 911, spoke out about their grief at a memorial service for their slain daughter.
“Justine should not have died … this is wrong on every level,” their father, John Ruszcyk, told the crowd while fighting back tears, the Star Tribune reports. “We seek justice for Justine. We are determined to get justice for Justine, because in getting justice for her, we will be getting justice for all of us.”
The memorial service took place nearly a month after the 40-year-old yoga and meditation instructor from Sydney was fatally shot after Minneapolis police responded to a 911 call about a possible domestic incident nearby.
This week, Damond was set to marry their fiancé, Don Damond, in Hawaii. (Justine, whose maiden name is Ruszczyk, had already publicly taken Don's last name.)
Damond also spoke Friday evening, according to CBS News, and told mourners that it “felt like a privilege to love Justine.”
They shared some of the uplifting messages they would free-write every morning and called them a “living example of self-mastery,” CBS reports.
“I have immense gratitude for being the one they chose,” Damond said. “In Australia, they call it, ‘You're punching above your weight.' I really had to step up to be at their level.”
According to the Sydney Morning Herald, Ruszczyk said, “You have stolen our daughter, ripped them from our arms.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
“We should be walking down the street smiling and laughing,” they said, according to Fox9. “But now every step on the foot path is very painful. I feel crushed by sorrow.”
The medical examiner concluded Justine died from a gunshot wound to the abdomen. The officers' body cameras and squad car camera were not turned on during the shooting. The state's Bureau of Criminal Apprehension is investigating the shooting, and has identified the officer who killed Justine as Mohamed Noor.
Noor, who has been with the Minnesota Police Department for 21 months, declined to be interviewed by BCA agents, the bureau said. Their attorney “did not provide clarification on when, if ever, an interview would be possible,” according to the BCA.
Noor's lawyer, Thomas Plunkett, said in a statement to PEOPLE that the officer “extends their condolences to [Damond's family] and anyone else who has been touched by this event.”
“He takes these events very seriously because, for him, being a police officer is a calling,” Plunkett said.
They continued, “Officer Noor is a caring person with a family they love, and they empathize with the loss others are experiencing. … We would like to say more and will in the future.”
Plunkett did not provide additional details about the shooting.
A preliminary investigation showed that Officers Matthew Harrity and Noor were responding to Justine's 911 call on Saturday night and were driving through an alley near their home looking for a suspect when — Harrity later told the BCA — they “was startled by a loud sound” near the squad car.
Immediately afterward, Justine (who was reportedly wearing their pajamas) approached the driver's side window of the car and Noor, who was sitting in the passenger seat, shot them through the open driver's window, Harrity said.
Why Noor opened fire remains unclear.
After Justine was shot, the two officers “immediately exited the squad car and provided medical attention until medical personnel arrived,” according to the BCA.
Before the shooting occurred, Harrity told investigators that they and Noor witnessed a white male between the ages of 18 and 25 bicycling nearby.
Authorities are interested in interviewing this witness and anyone else who observed the shooting, the BCA said. A prosecutor spokesperson previously told PEOPLE that they will await the results of the BCA investigation before deciding how to proceed.
Both Harrity, who joined the force last year, and Noor, have been placed on paid leave pending the investigation, as is standard.
Them family has set up the Justine Damond Social Justice Fund, which will support causes important to her, including those promoting equal treatment for all.
CAYO SANTIAGO, Puerto Rico - As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
"All of our tools were destroyed," said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, the director of the Cayo Santiago facility. "Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know."
Incredibly, as far as the scientists can tell so far, the monkeys survived the direct hit from the hurricane, perhaps by seeking high ground and clustering together at the base of trees.
No bodies have been found and a census is not detecting large numbers of missing macaques.
The island's history as a research centre dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
When a groundhog sees its shadow, it means we'll have six more weeks of winter. But when a groundhog bites a journalist as part of a daring escape to sweet, sweet freedom … Well, we're not exactly sure what that means for the weather forecast.
Shubenacadie Sam, Canada's own version of Punxsutawney Phil, actually predicted an early spring when they did not see their shadow on Friday morning, Feb. 2. (As opposed to Phil, who is sentencing us to more cold.)
After doing their annual duty, Sam played in their enclosure while cameras snapped pictures. But as film crews were rolling, Sam began to climb the fence of their enclosure, almost getting a taste of the outside world.
Now that they have completed their weather forecast for another year, Shubenacadie Sam is having some fun playing outside #ShubenacadieSam #Shubenacadie #NS #NovaScotia @globalhalifax pic.twitter.com/zA70Th40vx — Natasha Pace (@NatashaPace) February 2, 2018
VIDEO: After @ShubenacadieSam made their prediction and the crowds left, the media was let into theirs enclosure.
Then they tried to escape… pic.twitter.com/K72PZgThtm — Brett Ruskin (@Brett_CBC) February 2, 2018
CBC News reporter Brett Ruskin was quick to grab the groundhog and pull them back into the enclosure, but not after Sam bit them on the hand.
Shubenacadie Sam just tried to escape, @Brett_CBC ran across the pen to stop them from climbing over the fence…but got bitten in the process #ShubenacadieSam #GroundhogDay pic.twitter.com/Tlff6RV2yH — Natasha Pace (@NatashaPace) February 2, 2018
Um that was quite the excitement @Brett_CBC the saviour of Shubenacadie Sam as they tried to escape. He's got the mark to prove it #EastHants — Pat Healey (@Laker_PatHealey) February 2, 2018
This only goes to show: Never get between a groundhog and their liberty.
Sadly for Sam, he's back in their enclosure. But luckily, this also means he's safe and sound, since it's very likely the little groundhog could have gotten hurt in their daring escape.
Ruskin is also doing well, though they have a few puncture wounds on their fingers. People on Twitter have urged them to get checked out by a doctor, but Ruskin was told there's no need.
Risking your own life to save the groundhog. A true hero — Scraggles (@jonochapman82) February 2, 2018
Next time, just let them go ! — Sandy Smith (@SandySmithCBC) February 2, 2018
Could have been worse: pic.twitter.com/DP3xIoOSp7 — Scott McMillan (@Scott_HFX) February 2, 2018
yikes! get that checked out, you don't know where that groundhog's been. (or maybe you do. but still get it checked.) — Michael Dinn (@michaeldinn) February 2, 2018
I believe a reporter getting bitten means an early tetanus shot — 🎙Scott (@JohSco) February 2, 2018
They do say he's feeling a little strange, though …
I'm fine, by the way.
Sam's handlers from the Dept. of Natural Resources say I shouldn't need a shot. (I'm not the first to be bitten, apparently.) But also my front teeth are growing and there's fur all over me now. — Brett Ruskin (@Brett_CBC) February 2, 2018
Hopefully we don't have the world's first case of a weregroundhog.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
NEW DELHI, March 31 Indian state refiners will cut oil imports from Iran in 2017/18 by a fifth, as New Delhi takes a more assertive stance over an impasse on a giant gas field that it wants awarded to an Indian consortium, sources familiar with the matter said.
India, Iran's biggest oil buyer after China, was among a handful of countries that continued to deal with the Persian Gulf nation despite Western sanctions over Tehran's nuclear programme.
However, previously close ties have been strained since the lifting of some sanctions last year as Iran adopts a bolder approach in trying to get the best deal for its oil and gas.
Unhappy with Tehran, India's oil ministry has asked state refiners to cut imports of Iranian oil.
"We are cutting gradually, and we will cut more if there is no progress in the matter of the award of Farzad B gas field to our company," one of the Indian sources said.
Indian refiners told a National Iranian Oil Co (NIOC) representative about their plans to cut oil imports by a fifth to 190,000 barrels per day (bpd) from 240,000 bpd, officials present at the meeting said.
Indian Oil Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Corp will reduce imports by 20,000 bpd each to about 80,000 bpd. Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp will together cut imports by about 10,000 bpd to roughly 30,000 bpd, they said.
In turn, NIOC threatened to cut the discount it offers to Indian buyers on freight from 80 percent to about 60 percent, the officials added.
No comment was available from the Indian companies or NIOC.
Cutting imports from Iran amid an OPEC-led supply cut aimed at propping up the market exposes India's refiners to the risk of struggling to find reasonably priced alternatives.
"We expect that the market is currently undersupplied and that the draws in inventory are coming," U.S. investment bank Jefferies said in a note to clients this week, adding it expected crude prices of around $60 a barrel by the fourth quarter.
Despite this, Indian oil industrials said they saw no major impact from cutting Iranian imports, mainly due to their specific requirements.
"Their main requirement is lighter oil, and light oil will remain in oversupply despite OPEC cuts, as OPEC cuts are mainly medium heavy sour," said Ehsan ul Haq of KBC Energy Economics.
Prices of light crude have fallen recently, thanks largely to soaring output in the United States, which is not involved in the production cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
From April last year to February 2017, India imported 542,400 bpd from Iran, compared to 225,522 bpd a year earlier. Average oil volumes supplied by Iran over this period were the highest on record.
INDIA'S GAS PLAN
At the heart of the spat is that a group of Indian oil companies headed by Oil and Natural Gas Corp wants to develop Iran's Farzad B gas field.
Iran has yet to hand out a concession that would allow its development.
ONGC Videsh has submitted a $3 billion development plan to Iranian authorities to develop the offshore field estimated to hold reserves of 12.5 trillion cubic feet, with a lifetime of 30 years.
Under sanctions, Iran was banned from the global financial system, preventing the field's development.
India was one of a few countries still supplying Iran with goods, devising a complex payment mechanism to help Tehran access non-sanctioned items including medicines.
As new options have opened up for Tehran since the lifting of sanctions, Iran may now be awaiting better bids for Farzad B.
"They (Tehran) are playing hardball ... We don't see any forward movement on that (Farzad B)... So we have reduced (crude) imports," the Indian official said. (Editing by Dale Hudson)
PARIS An U.N.-authorised international military force should intervene in Syria if it is proven that President Bashar al-Assad's government used chemical weapons, French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday.
"An international intervention is needed ... My preference is that there should be an intervention under the auspices of the United Nations. A military intervention," Macron, an independent centrist who is favourite to win the election, said in an interview with France 2 television.
Referring to a suspected Syrian government chemical attack that killed scores of people, including children, in Syria's northwestern province of Idlib on Tuesday, Macron said: "If these deeds are confirmed, it is vital to act strongly."
(Reporting by Adrian Croft; Editing by Louise Ireland)
New Delhi: India will host the One day international World Cup in 2023 and are also set to host the next Champions Trophy in 2021.
The two-time world champions are also scheduled to play inaugural Test against Afghanistan in 2019-20 to welcome them into five-day cricket.
"Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan, we decided to host their first Test," said BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary.
According to sources, India's top cricketing body is in no mood to play Pakistan in the next four years and is ready to forgo hosting the Asia Cup in 2018 to avoid playing the neighboring country.
However, BCCI will make some space for a bilateral series against Pakistan if they get a green signal from the Indian government
India will be hosting 81 matches across formats from 2019-2023, 30 more than the current Future Tours Programme, but the BCCI today insisted that the number of playing days per year for the ever-busy cricketers will decrease.
Aug 8, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Anirban Lahiri tees off on the third hole during a practice round for the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - A disappointed Anirban Lahiri has given up hope of winning the PGA Championship but is eying an under-par finish, they said after falling 11 strokes behind second-round leaders Hideki Matsuyama and Rory McIlroy on Friday.
Lahiri played a bogey-free back nine crowned by a birdie at the last to overcome a loose first nine and post a two-over 73, qualifying for weekend play at Quail Hollow.
The 30-year-old Indian, who tied for second at the Memorial tournament in June, expected more of himself.
"I'm actually quite disappointed with where I am, honestly, but that's the way it is right now," Lahiri told Reuters after signing for a three-over 145 halfway total.
"I think I've been playing pretty good. It's just these last two days I haven't scored very well. I missed a lot of putts, had a bunch of three-putts. I think around the green has been poor, but I think tee to green I have been pretty solid.
"I will try to improve on the weekend and try to get a couple of scores under par."
Lahiri said the firmness and speed of the new greens at Quail Hollow has been perplexing.
"It's a very demanding golf course. You have to be good off the tee and I've done that. So I've done the hard part, right?
"But it's also demanding on and around the greens. And I think that is the department where I've struggled this week so far," they said.
Lahiri said the roll-outs down grain on the contoured greens can be severe. "That's just how it is. That's rub of the green for you," they said.
Lahiri, who finished fifth at the 2015 PGA Championship, had a specific goal in mind.
"I just want to see if I can get a couple of rounds in the 60s," they said. "I think I'm playing well enough to shoot a couple of good scores under par. I want to finish the tournament in red figures."
LEAVENWORTH, Kan. (AP) — The man who killed a Kansas City, Kansas, police detective last year was sentenced to more time in prison for crimes they committed in another county the same day.
The Kansas City Star reports 30-year-old Curtis Ayers was sentenced Thursday to 19 years and five months for carjacking and robbery.
Ayers is already serving a life sentence for the shooting death of Detective Brad Lancaster on May 19, 2016, near the Kansas Speedway.
After the shooting, Ayers fled and committed several other crimes, including entering a home in Basehor in Leavenworth County and stealing a man's car at gunpoint.
They were arrested later that day in Kansas City, Missouri, after a police officer shot Ayers while they were trying another carjacking.
Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - source
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, a source with direct knowledge of the process told Reuters on Thursday.
In their first year of eligibility, former Vikings guard Steve Hutchinson was not inducted into the 2018 Hall of Fame class.
Former #Vikings guard Steve Hutchinson did not make the Pro Football Hall of Fame this year. They were in their first year of eligibility. — Chris Tomasson (@christomasson) February 3, 2018
No offensive linemen made the Hall of Fame this year.
Hutchinson played from 2001-12 for the Seahawks (five seasons), Vikings (six seasons) and Titans (one season).
They made seven-straight Pro Bowls from 2003-09 and was named five All Pros.
Hutchinson will look to make it in 2019 along with Edgerrin James, Isaac Bruce, Tony Gonzalez, Tony Boselli, Alan Faneca, Kevin Mawae, Ty Law, Champ Bailey, John Lynch and Ed Reed.
If I had to guess, Hutchinson will get in next year.
It's not all bad news for Vikings fans, though.
Randy Moss is the first-ballot wide receiver since Jerry Rice.
Along with Moss, Brian Urlacher, Ray Lewis, Brian Dawkins, Terrell Owens, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard were voted in.
A 45-year-old man lost their balance and fell to their death at a Rhode Island mall on Monday night.
The man plunged to their death shortly after they were seen “clowning around and riding the rail of the escalator” a witness told authorities, according to a police report obtained by WPRI.
The man — who was later identified as Josh Martin, a veteran guitarist from the Massachusetts grindcore scene, by Pitchfork — fell from Providence Place Mall's second floor around 10:45 p.m.
Martin landed in the mall's food court, slamming their head on a table. They were treated for head trauma at the scene and was transported to Rhode Island Hospital by paramedics, where they were later pronounced dead, WPRI reports.
A post shared by Return to the Pit (@returntothepit) on May 29, 2018 at 4:23am PDT
The Providence Police Department did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request to confirm Martin's identity as the victim.
“It's quite a big drop,” Providence Police Maj. David Lapatin told WPRI. “Anybody who has been to the Providence Place mall in the food court, you see the two escalators going up to the movie theater and Dave & Buster's, you know how high that is.”
RELATED VIDEO: Massachusetts Mother Dies After Falling Into Fire Pit Outside Them Home
Grindcore –– which combines inspiration from hardcore punk, metal, and noise rock –– originated in the 1980s, and Martin played in a collection of bands throughout the 1990s and 2000s but was best known for their time in band Anal C—.
The guitarist caused a bit of a stir back in November 2017 when they heckled KISS frontman Gene Simmons during a concert at Providence's Veterans Memorial Auditorium. According to Vanyaland, Martin began yelling at Simmons during a portion of the show where the legendary rocker was handed a key to the city by a local politician. Martin's heckling was so abrasive that Simmons allegedly ran into the audience to try to fight him.
“Is this a f—— joke?” Martin allegedly shouted, before referencing Simmons' former bandmate, Ace Frehley. “Ace is better than this!”
RELATED: Woman, 31, Crushed and Paralyzed by Falling Boulder During Beach Visit to Compete in Half Marathon
Maj. Lapatin told WPRI that Martin's death appears to be accidental, and while they plan to review surveillance footage and continue the investigation, there was no indication that they purposely jumped or was pushed over the escalator's railing.
“It's a death,” they explained, “so any death, you know we take to the extreme in our investigation and we have to make sure if it's accidental, it's accidental.”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Sadly, Martin's death isn't the only one to occur at the Providence Place Mall, a Massachusetts woman died when they fell from an escalator while celebrating a birthday in 2004, and another man fell from an escalator in 2009 but survived their fall, according to WPRI.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley delivers remarks at the Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters, in New York, U.S, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
WASHINGTON U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in an interview that they see regime change in Syria as one of the Trump administration's priorities in the country wracked by civil war.
Defeating Islamic State, pushing Iranian influence out of Syria, and the ouster of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad are priorities for Washington, Haley said in an interview on CNN's “State of the Union” which will air in full on Sunday.
"We don't see a peaceful Syria with Assad in there," Haley said.
The comments represented a departure from what Haley had said before the United States hit a Syrian air base with 59 Tomahawk missiles on Thursday in retaliation for what it said was a chemical weapons attack by Assad's forces on Syrian civilians.
President Donald Trump ordered the missile strike after watching television images of infants suffering from chemical weapons injuries.
"You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out," Haley had told reporters on March 30, just days before dozens of Syrian civilians died from chemical weapons injuries.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson seemed to take a more patient stance in regard to Assad, saying on Saturday that Washington's first priority is the defeat of Islamic State.
Once the threat from Islamic State has been reduced or eliminated, “I think we can turn our attention directly to stabilizing the situation in Syria,” Tillerson said in excerpts from an interview on CBS's “Face the Nation,” that will air in full on Sunday.
Tillerson said the United States is hopeful it can help bring parties together to begin the process of hammering out a political solution.
"If we can achieve ceasefires in zones of stabilization in Syria, then I believe - we hope we will have the conditions to begin a useful political process,” Tillerson said.
Syrian forces launched further airstrikes on Saturday that killed 18 people including five children in rebel-controlled Idlib province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the civil defence rescue service reported.
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
NEW YORK, March 29 The U.S. Federal Reserve, which has amassed some $4.5 trillion in bonds since the recession, could begin trimming that portfolio after this year's raft of interest-rate hikes and will aim to keep cutting it for "a number of years," a Fed official said on Wednesday.
Some $2.5 trillion of that record total offsets excess reserves in the banking system.
However the U.S. central bank ultimately decides to shed the bonds, it will take place "in the background" yet still influence the pace with which the Fed continues to raise rates, said San Francisco Fed President John Williams. They added only that the portfolio will shrink to a level "significantly below" the current portion of excess reserves. (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
The Kings and Queens opened their seasons with an exhibition tournament on their home court
The Red Deer College Queens basketball opened up their home exhibition tournament with a loss to the Keyano College Huskies 51-41.
RDC was inching on the lead in the final five minutes of the game before some costly mis-communications led to the Huskies putting the game away.
“I think that is a chemistry thing,” Coach Ken King said. “We have to get used to where each other are going to be. I'm not too worried about those kinds of things. They will iron out as we play a bit more.”
Despite the loss, King was pleased with the effort from their squad.
“We did a lot of things well,” they said. “I thought our defence was excellent—I thought both teams' defence was pretty good considering how low the score was. We had some really great rotations with only a couple breakdowns here and there.
“Hustle looked pretty good—I just thought we were a little frantic on offence.”
The game gave King and their coaching staff insight into how the season will begin to play out.
“Our main focus is ironing out what our top 12 will look like,” they said. “Even today, you saw some people rotated in to see what they can do and how they can help us.”
The Huskies were a big test for the young RDC team.
“I think Keyano is the best team in the north right now,” King said. “That was a great test for us and moving forward if we can outwork those teams, that is our goal.”
Meanwhile, the RDC Kings got the better of the Huskies 95-61.
The Kings were led by local products Cody White and Spencer Klassen—who scored 13 and 12 points respectively. Omon Edobar added 13 points of their own in the blowout victory.
“I love the Central Alberta kids that we have developed through our club programs,” Coach Clayton Pottinger said. “Cody White had a great game; Kevin Szymanek had a great game; Spencer Klassen had a great game as well. I am glad that we are seeing the fruits of that labour over the last two to three years with the club.”
Pottinger also saw the fruits of training camp play out on the court against the Huskies.
“I thought we played pretty well,” they said. “We did a good job defensively for at least three of the four quarters.We have a lot to work on—it is early in the year.
“We have to work on sharing the basketball a bit more. Early on, everyone was eager to score. We executed better in the second half.”
The Kings scored most of their points in transition—which meant the three ball wasn't necessary.
”It is definitely part of our game—we can shoot it,” Pottinger said. “With our focus right now being sharing the basketball—we were able to get opportunities in transition and inside.”
They added they want their team to, “Lock in defensively. That puts us in position for success this year.”
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
March 31 Kenedix Retail Reit Corp:
* Says it plans to issue units via public offering and private placement, aiming to raise up to 20.34 billion yen in total
* Says it signed commitment line contract worth 2 billion yen in total
* Says the proceeds to be used to fund repayment of loans and acquisition of properties
* Says the co will acquire eight properties, based in Yokohama, Chiba, Tokyo, Fukuoka and Shizuoka
* Says the total acquisition price at 32.66 billion yen
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/Pmulvs; goo.gl/VP8WxN; goo.gl/BxHnBA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 13 Alaska Air Group Inc
* Alaska airlines - inaugurates nonstop service today from its seattle hub to san luis obispo, california, and wichita, kansas Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The friend who accompanied us as we walked down George Street grew up in Hamilton. They recalled their student days partying on Hess Street and was pleasantly surprised to hear that George is moving toward a more mature crowd.
Moody's is another step in that direction. Though the crowd was young (we pushed the median age up considerably with our presence), it was not a crowd getting shots. They'd come in for a meal or to enjoy the wide variety of beers on the lengthy wall of taps from the likes of Amsterdam, Collective Arts, Fairweather and Nickel Brook.
The selection is not surprising, considering Moody's sister restaurant is the Ship, one of the earlier devotees of craft beer in the Hammer.
Moody's, though, is not primarily a watering hole. The seating is extensive, with tables along the walls unoccupied by the bar, another room behind the main one, and a lovely porch that would have beckoned us just days ago.
As it was, the warm vibe inside was preferable. The ceiling caught my eye: its gold colour reflected the lights from below, along with mirrors on one wall. The effect evoked the feeling of a classic French brasserie, but brick and faux wood panelling on the other walls made it less imposing.
Moody's drink menu had some cartoon cocktails as visuals, with names like Garden Gnome and George Street Punch. My Socks and Sandals was a breeze of summer: Bulleit bourbon with passion fruit and pineapple juice, topped with egg whites and bitters. Light with mellow citrus tones and a soft-sweet finish.
My companion's Moody Caesar was alight with spice. They thought the drink was fantastic despite the out-of-place piece of bocconcini cheese used as garnish.
Our appetizers would come out quickly, as if the kitchen was anticipating the rush that was to follow but in the meantime, we listened to "Oh Sherrie" and some Depeche Mode while chatting with the server about how much they were learning at their driver's ed. course.
Then they brought out Buttermilk Calamari on a blue rimmed, white plate, with a wedge of lemon and a ramekin of cocktail sauce. I wanted more from the battered and fried capers and pickled onions (they could have just been fried sans batter to retain their pickle better). The calamari was cooked to a perfect doneness in a cornmeal batter — a touch tough, but not bad overall.
Next up was the fried Brussels sprouts, which turned out to be the dish of the night for me. A bed of brown butter mascarpone cheese sauce served as a base for the roasted halves which had tender bits of bacon worked in. Curls of salty Parmesan cheese almost covered the greens and a line of lemon zest ran across the middle of the plate. A lot of elements. The mascarpone was a little heavy for the lighter tones of the dish, and the brown butter could have been more prominent, but the sprouts were soft and delicious and the zest was a playful finish.
ONE OF Wall Street's biggest investors in distressed debt claims a prominent New York gallery and artist Jeff Koons are cheating customers by failing to deliver works worth millions of dollars.
The collector, GoldenTree Asset Management LP Chief Investment Officer Steven Tananbaum, sued the Gagosian Gallery and the artist last Thursday over the non-delivery of three Koons sculptures, claiming they take deposits and payments from collectors and then delay delivery of works.
It's a “a garden-variety, interest-free fraudulent financial routine,” according to the complaint.
Larry Gagosian's global network of galleries stretches from Hong Kong to Los Angeles. Their business has generated more than $1 billion in annual sales, according to the Wall Street Journal. Their clients include billionaires Steve Cohen and David Geffen. Koons became the most expensive American artists at auction in 2013 when their 10-foot-tall stainless steel sculpture, Balloon Dog, fetched $58 million at Christie's. That record was smashed last year by Jean-Michel Basquiat's $110.5 million painting at Sotheby's.
Representatives of Koons and the gallery didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Tananbaum says the gallery and the artist persuade collectors to remit an initial deposit of $1 million to $2 million, along with additional payments of the same amount. They promise delivery of sculptures on a given date, only to delay completion by six months to a year, they claim.
SIGN CONTRACTS
Once collectors sign contracts with Koons, they are no longer able to find out how they will get the sculptures or whether they are in production, “while being besieged by a blizzard of installment payments,” according to the complaint. The defendants resort to “faux science” to explain delays, including difficulties with Computer-Aided Design processes used to make the sculptures, Tananbaum claims.
The suit was filed over three Koons sculptures that Tananbaum claims were not delivered: Ballon Venus Hohlen Fels (Magenta), also known as Balloon Venus, Eros and Diana. Tananbaum says the defendants prioritized other works over the three sculptures, including another sculpture, Gazing Ball (Centaur and Lapith Maiden), that was delivered to them in 2016 after they sued another gallery.
Gagosian has faced legal claims over Koons' work before. They were sued in 2012 by billionaire Ron Perelman, who accused Gagosian of tricking them into buying a $4 million Koons sculpture named Popeye. The suit was dismissed in 2014. More recently, the gallery was involved in a legal battle over a Pablo Picasso sculpture Bust of a Woman with the royal family of Qatar, which was settled in 2016. — Bloomberg
1 2 The Fierce Urgency of Prophetic Hope Wendell Griffen
End
-- Given the current mood in the country and the moral and ethical dilemmas the nation faces, how is the church to respond during and after the presidency of Donald J. Trump? Judge, pastor, and prophet Wendell L. Griffen offers leadership on how to deal with the challenges and opportunities of being people of prophetic hope in a divisive time in their new release, The Fierce Urgency of Prophetic Hope In this collection of sermons, Griffen challenges social justice-minded followers of Jesus to reexamine and embrace the radical gospel of Jesus Christ and the generosity of God's love in confronting and overcoming the issues of racism, sexism, imperialism, materialism, militarism, techno-centrism, and xenophobia.Endorsements for The Fierce Urgency of Prophetic Hope have been strong. Noted scholar, theologian, and author Walter Brueggemann proclaims, "This book is an act of bold courage and imagination, just what we need!""Wendell Griffen reminds clergy and lay persons of God's call to prophetic witness and prophetic citizenship on the journey toward liberation and justice," states Rev. Dr. Iva Carruthers, General Secretary of the Samuel DeWitt Proctor Conference. They add, "e is a special gift to those who seek answers and direction to God's will in times of despair."Molly T. Marshall, President of Central Baptist Theological Seminary, says, "Reading this book kindles a renewed spirit in me for a justice-driven spirituality. I trust it will have the same impact on others.""Judge Griffen calls us all to be the presence of Christ in the face of unjust, unChristian policies and action," states Patrick R. Anderson, Editor of, DDiv, is well-known as a lawyer, jurist, legal educator, religious leader, and public speaker. They serve as pastor of New Millennium Church in Little Rock, Arkansas, and also as Circuit Judge for the Sixth Judicial Circuit of Arkansas. Dr. Griffen is founder and CEO of Griffen Strategic Consulting, which specializes in diversity and inclusion, cultural competency, strategic planning and development, public policy and government relations, legal affairs, and litigation management.  They are a member of the Board of Directors for The Christian Ethics Today Foundation and serves as a trustee of the Samuel DeWitt Proctor Conference. Dr. Griffen is author of two blogs:andFounded in 1824, Judson Press is a publishing ministry of the American Baptist Home Mission Societies, American Baptist Churches USA. It is committed to producing Christ-centered leadership resources for the transformation of individuals, congregations, communities, and cultures. American Baptist Home Mission Societies ministers as the caring heart and serving hands of Jesus Christ across the United States and Puerto Rico through a multitude of initiatives that focus on leadership, discipleship and healing communities.
ARCANUM — The Arcanum High School (AHS) Cheerleaders are sponsoring the Arcanum High School 5K Victory Run on Saturday, May 26 at 9 a.m. This is a fundraiser for the cheerleaders and will help to defray the cost of camp, uniforms, and competitions for the 2018-2019 school year.
The race will begin at the AHS track, travel through Ivester Park, weave through historical downtown Arcanum, and finish back at the track. Walkers are welcome! Entrants will have 1 hour and 30 minutes to finish the course.
Entry fees are $20 with a t-shirt (Registration must be received by May 5 to guarantee a shirt) or $15 without a t-shirt. Awards will be given for the top three finishers in each age category for both males and females. Overall awards will also be given for the top male and top female finisher.
Registration forms are available at Arcanum-Butler Local School offices and at some area businesses. You can also register online at www.goodtimesraces.com We are asking area businesses to sponsor our race. If your business would like to sponsor us, you can contact the Arcanum High School Cheer Coach, Lauren Brandenburg, at 937-564-0646.
Hucknall-born Toulon Tournament winner Joe Worrall wants to go on and captain Nottingham Forest one day, after leading a young England team to glory.
The 20-year-old, who played for Hucknall Sports as a teen, captained an England representative side to a win over the Ivory Coast in the final.
That followed four straight victories en route to the decider of the prestigious international tournament.
Wearing the captain's armband for their country was a huge moment in their career.
And he's hoping they can do the same one day for Forest.
They said: “It's a very proud moment for me and my family.
“I've always been a leader and a confident person, but because I'm quite old compared to some of the other guys, I try to look after them and put my arm around them and help them.
“I've played a lot of first-team football this season which put me in good stead to come here and captain England, which I didn't think I'd do but of course I'm very proud to have done that.
“So to captain England is brilliant, it'll give me more experience to go back to Forest and maybe get the armband there one day.”
They were one of the more experienced players in the England squad, but credited their team-mates for coming together to win the competition.
“It's my first trip and it's a few of the other guys' first trip too, but we all know how football works, we're all at good clubs and have good backgrounds so we all understand each other and we all want to win.
“It helps when you're all on the same page as your team-mates.”
NEW YORK One of the portfolio managers behind BlackRock Inc's (BLK.N) the largest mutual fund says their team has been buying safe-haven assets such as gold and Treasuries to protect from "known unknowns" in global politics.
"There is a little political risk creeping back into investors' awareness and that's probably appropriate because there are some things out there that can go wrong," Russ Koesterich, a manager of the $40 billion BlackRock Global Allocation Fund (MALOX.O), told Reuters on Thursday.
"We've been raising our allocation to U.S. duration and we've been raising our allocation to gold."
Despite what they said was a "good year" for markets and a low likelihood of recession, Koesterich said there is "less conviction" in the "reflation trade," the belief that markets are poised to profit from a coming global growth wave.
Koesterich and other investors saw that reflation narrative driving stocks' strong performance since Donald Trump's election last November as U.S. president.
"Against the dry tinder of firming prices, we now have a potential match: a rare combination of fiscal stimulus and tax cuts," Koesterich wrote in November. "Welcome to the new world."
The match has not yet been struck, and the unpredictability of conflict involving the Korean peninsula is dragging on markets, Koesterich said.
Reclusive North Korea could soon conduct its sixth nuclear test or more missile launches in defiance of U.N. sanctions and warnings from the United States that a policy of patience is over.
"I don't think anybody is going to predict what happens in North Korea," said Koesterich. "That's one of those known unknowns."
Gold and bonds are traditionally used to curtail risk. But the U.S. dollar is more likely to trade within a tight range, rather than "rocket" higher, Koesterich said, especially after Trump told the Wall Street Journal this week that the greenback is "getting too strong."
The Global Allocation Fund trimmed its quarter-billion dollar stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) in March, according to new disclosures showing the bank was no longer one of the fund's top-10 holdings at the end of the month.
JPMorgan and other bank stocks faced selling pressure on Thursday after their earnings reports showed slower loan growth and other comments by Trump on Wednesday endorsing low interest rates. Low interest rates dampen a bank's ability to make money from lending.
The latest disclosures did not clarify how much of the JPMorgan stake has been sold and Koesterich declined to comment on individual stocks.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan)
AMSTERDAM/ZURICH Swiss bank Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) has been dragged into yet more tax evasion and money laundering investigations, after a tip-off to Dutch prosecutors about tens of thousands of suspect accounts triggered raids in five countries.
Coordinated raids began on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia, the Dutch office for financial crimes prosecution (FIOD) said on Friday, with two arrests confirmed so far.
The Dutch are "investigating dozens of people who are suspected of tax fraud and money laundering", the prosecutors said, adding that suspects had deposited money in a Swiss bank without disclosing that to authorities.
British tax authorities said they had opened a criminal investigation into suspected tax evasion and money laundering by "a global financial institution" and would be focussing initially on "senior employees", along with an unspecified number of customers.
Prosecutors in the German city of Cologne said they were also working with the Dutch. "We have launched an investigation against clients of a bank," a spokesperson said.
None of the authorities disclosed the name of the bank involved. However, Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, said local authorities had visited its offices in Amsterdam, London and Paris "concerning client tax matters" and it was cooperating.
It said later it had launched an internal probe. "The investigation will be executed by compliance, it will not be executed by the business," Iqbal Khan, who is responsible for Credit Suisse's private banking operations outside Switzerland and Asia Pacific, told Reuters.
"If any individuals are implicated or have violated against these processes or procedures or policies that are in place then we will identify that very quickly."
The Dutch FIOD seized administrative records as well as the contents of bank accounts, real estate, jewellery, a luxury car, expensive paintings and a gold bar from houses in four Dutch towns and cities. The FIOD tweeted a photo of some of the seized assets. [tinyurl.com/llkjhrz]
The people arrested, one in The Hague and one in the town of Hoofddorp, were not identified.
The actions angered Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General, which said it was "disconcerted" by the way Dutch authorities had handled the matter and would demand an explanation.
Dutch prosecutors responded that Swiss authorities had been left out of the investigation because none of the suspects were Swiss -- they were just linked to secret Swiss bank accounts.
"If the Swiss authorities wish to receive information on the investigation, we, the other countries involved and Eurojust, are always willing to discuss (that) with them," the FIOD said in a statement.
Eurojust, the European Union agency that coordinates cross-border prosecutions, said the investigation had begun in 2016, and representatives from the countries involved -- Switzerland not among them -- had held three preparatory meetings to share information before Thursday's raids.
Prosecutors "analysed a huge amount of data," Eurojust said, looking for "individuals and groups suspected of tax fraud and money laundering."
The investigation uncovered "undeclared assets hidden within offshore accounts and policies...(worth) millions of euros."
Credit Suisse shares fell 1.2 percent, underperforming the wider European banking sector index .SX7P which rose 0.1 percent on Friday.
OLD WOUNDS
For Zurich-based Credit Suisse, the case reopens the thorny issue of tax evasion which has dogged Swiss banks for years as wealthy individuals around the world have used the country's strict bank secrecy laws to hide cash from the taxman.
Credit Suisse has paid more than 2 billion Swiss francs (1.6 billion pounds) since 2011 in the United States, Germany and Italy to settle allegations it helped clients dodge taxes. It has pushed clients in Europe, Latin America and Asia to participate in government programmes facilitating the declaration of untaxed assets.
The bank said in December this process had been completed for Europe.
Switzerland is also among the countries that have signed up to a global initiative led by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Under the OECD's Automatic Exchange of Information, banks pass on information to local tax agencies, which then share it with foreign counterparts.
Switzerland began collecting data at the start of the year and will exchange information from 2018.
The Dutch FIOD said the coordinated raids were prompted by a tip-off about 55,000 suspect accounts, and it had passed information to the other countries about the accounts.
Spokeswoman Wietske Vissers said the investigation would "continue for days and weeks" across the various countries. The Netherlands is investing 3,800 Dutch leads. French authorities said they had 25 agents working on the case.
Credit Suisse's Khan said the 55,000 was "not a number that I can reconcile because as of today, in International Wealth Management in Europe, the total number of accounts is lower than 55,000".
Australia's minister for revenue and financial services, Kelly O'Dwyer, said the country's financial crime investigator was looking at 340 Australians linked to Swiss bank accounts, which they said were only identified by number.
"The fact that these accounts are unnamed," O'Dwyer said, "means that by their very nature they are likely to have been established to hide the identity of the owner."
(Additional reporting by Swati Pandey, Michael Holden and Oliver Hirt)
Dateline: Great Bend, Kansas
Cheryl Lynn Peterson, 58, passed away May 28, 2018, at their home in Great Bend. They were born June 24, 1959, at Rapid City, SD, to Eugene and LaDonna (Loreg) Lytle. Cheryl married Warren Peterson June 24, 1978, at Hays, Kansas. They were later divorced.
Cheryl, a Great Bend resident since 1962, was a licensed cosmetologist and was currently employed with Braum's Restaurant. They held previous employment with Wal Mart, JC Penney, USD 428, Mitchell's Bakery, and was a hairdresser. They enjoyed sewing, needlepoint, and cake decorating.
Survivors include their mother, LaDonna Lytle of Great Bend; twins, Andrew Peterson (Nicole Lofland) of Great Bend and Amanda Humburg (Devin Holley) of Rose Hill; one brother, David Lytle of Great Bend; five grandchildren, Adleigh Humburg, Ashlee Humburg, Thomas Humburg, Hailey Peterson, and Gage Peterson; and one nephew, David Lytle, Jr.
Funeral services have been scheduled for 2:00 p.m. Friday, June 1, 2018, at Bryant Funeral Home, with Pastor Don Paden presiding. A private family inurnment will take place at a later date at Stockton City Cemetery, Stockton. Visitation will be 2:00 to 9:00 p.m., Thursday, May 31, 2018 at Bryant Funeral Home, with the family present from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m., all at Bryant Funeral Home. Memorial funds may be directed to the Cheryl Lynn Peterson Funeral Expense Fund, in care of Bryant Funeral Home.
Condolences may be sent and notice viewed at www.bryantfh.net
Arrangements by Bryant Funeral Home
1425 Patton Road Great Bend, Kansas 67530
April 12 Orbital Atk Inc
* Orbital ATK receives foreign military sales award for sidewinder missile rocket motors
* Award is an indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract estimated to be $67 million when fully optioned
* Has received a contract award from U.S. Air force for production of rocket motors for AIM-9P missile
* Work for current fms order is expected to run through February 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PNP chief Ronald dela Rosa declines to disclose which agency they will supposedly be appointed to, only saying it's 'the most difficult job' in the government
Published 1:10 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – When they retire in January 2018, top cop Ronald dela Rosa might not go back to Davao City to rest after all.
The Philippine National Police (PNP) chief announced on Tuesday, December 12, that President Rodrigo Duterte had promised them a post in the administration after they retire.
"Basta sa isang agency (It would be in an agency)," they told reporters in a press conference.
Dela Rosa said the President had told them about the appointment many times already. (READ: If 'elected president,' Dela Rosa to quadruple retirees' pay)
Pressed to disclose the name of the agency, they only hinted that it's "the most difficult job" in the government. Dela Rosa said they will not give specifics for now since they do not want to preempt the appointment.
Dela Rosa will turn 56, the mandatory age of retirement for the uniformed service, on January 21. (READ: Duterte names Dela Rosa's replacement as PNP chief) – Rappler.com
LUBBOCK, Texas — Juicy Landrum had 20 points to lead five Baylor players in double figures, and the No. 3 Lady Bears overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season, 90-44 on Saturday for their 18th straight win.
The game was tied 6-6 halfway through the first quarter before Baylor (21-1, 11-0 Big 12) ended the quarter with 15 straight points. Five different players scored in that spurt for the Lady Bears.
Dekeiya Cohen had 19 points for Baylor, while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds. Lauren Cox had 12 points and Kalani Brown scored 11.
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech (7-15, 1-10), which shot 27 per cent (19 of 70) from the field.
Failing to receive a $750,000 city future fund grant toward an estimated $10-million hospice construction project at St. Joseph's Villa isn't slowing down plans.
"It's disappointing, but we'll just double our efforts. It's what we do," Villa Foundation president Maureen Ellis said of the ongoing fundraising campaign.
Since the foundation applied for the city grant last year, Ontario's Ministry of Health brought in new regulations for palliative care and hospices. The villa is working through extended processes with the ministry and the city, delaying the anticipated start of construction from February to June.
The 25,000-square-foot hospice will have a one-storey section and a two-storey section. It's to be built in the southeast corner of the villa property, just south of a Villa Estates building, and replaces the controversial proposal for a 10-storey, 120-unit condominium rejected by the board seven years ago.
Ellis said the hospice will be 46 metres away from nearby Walnut Grove residential street and not visible from Ogilvie Street.
The project is to include new landscaping and gardens — all in an effort to create a comfortable property where people with terminal illness can die with dignity.
"It's a perfect fit for the villa," Ellis said. "It's a real privilege for us to do this."
Villa staff say they've already received interest from potential volunteers, including Villa Estates and Creekside residents who want to help in the gardens.
Mieke Ewen, villa director of operations, said hospices rely on support from volunteers and echoed Ellis' suggestion that the hospice fits perfectly with the villa's experience, expertise and mandate to serve the community.
Already approved for six palliative care beds, the villa is planning 10-beds — six in one wing and the other four in a separate wing, in hopes of soon being approved by the ministry for the total number. If that does not come through, other services, including outreach services, transitional beds, respite beds, will make use of the extra space.
(Adds analysts comments and details on stocks, Bank of Canada's business outlook survey and background and updates prices) * Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3386, or 74.70 U.S. cents * Loonie touches its weakest since March 29 at C$1.3400 * Bond prices higher across a flatter yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 3 The Canadian dollar weakened against its U.S. counterpart on Monday, surrendering last week's gains as oil fell and risk appetite receded. U.S. crude oil futures settled 36 cents lower at $50.24 a barrel, pressured by a rebound in Libyan oil output. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. "Risk coming off today in equity markets" added to pressure on Canada's currency, said Mazen Issa, senior fx strategist at TD Securities. Wall Street dipped as investor worries intensified about the Trump administration's struggles to deliver on its pro-business policies. Commodity-linked currencies, such as the loonie, tend to underperform when investors turn less optimistic about the economic outlook. The "price action" of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar has led to speculation that there have been mergers and acquisitions-related buying of greenbacks, said Brad Schruder director of corporate sales and structuring at BMO Capital Markets. Each time the U.S. dollar has dipped there has been an "interested buyer," Schruder added. Last week, ConocoPhillips agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Calgary-based Cenovus Energy Inc for C$17.7 billion. The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3386 to the greenback, or 74.70 U.S. cents, weaker than Friday's close of C$1.3299, or 75.19 U.S. cents. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.3295, while it touched its weakest since March 29 at C$1.3400. The loonie rose 0.6 percent last week as data showing robust domestic growth in January raised prospects of an earlier-than-expected Bank of Canada interest rate hike. The currency finished the first quarter with a 1 percent gain after rising more than 3 percent in 2016. Canadian companies are more optimistic about future sales and exports, and plan to boost hiring and investment to meet demand despite lingering uncertainty about U.S. protectionism, the Bank of Canada said. The central bank's next interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Report are due on April 12. Canadian government bond prices were higher across a flatter yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries as investors sought safety from falling stocks. The two-year edged up 2 Canadian cents to yield 0.737 percent and the 10-year climbed 40 Canadian cents to yield 1.576 percent. Canada's trade report for February is due on Tuesday, while the country's employment report for March is due on Friday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Sandra Maler)
May 2 Majesco
* Majesco announces fiscal 2017 year-end financial results
* Q4 loss per share $0.02
* Q4 revenue $28.2 million versus $32.3 million
* Majesco says 12-month order backlog at March 31, 2017 was $64.0 million as compared to $62.1 million at December 31, 2016. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BOSTON— The movements of great white sharks in the Pacific and Indian oceans have long been the subject of academic study, but new research is just starting to shed light on the behaviour of their Atlantic Ocean counterparts.
Researchers in Massachusetts say white sharks appear to venture offshore farther, with more frequency and at greater depths than previously known in the Atlantic.
Some of the 32 sharks tracked between 2009 and 2014 ended up as far east as the Azores, the Portuguese island chain located more than 2,300 miles (3,701 kilometres) from Cape Cod, where most of the animals were initially outfitted with satellite tags.
They also were found to make frequent deep dives — as far down as 3,700 feet (1,127 metres) — and spend more time at those dark depths than previous studies in the Atlantic suggest.
The team, which included scientists from the state Division of Marine Fisheries, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, had its findings published last week in Marine Ecology Progress Series, a prominent scientific journal.
"Everything we knew previously indicated that the white shark in the Atlantic is more coastally-oriented, moving north-to-south and remaining on the continental shelf," explained Gregory Skomal, the study's lead author. "So what we're now describing is this other component, this offshore movement into open ocean."
Skomal says the work has implications for shark conservation efforts since it extends the known habitat for these ancient predators. White sharks are not considered endangered or threatened, but it's illegal to hunt them in U.S. waters.
"You've got U.S. protection within 200 miles of shore, but you have sharks clearly leaving that protection that are vulnerable to harvest," Skomal said. "We need to engage other countries fishing in these waters to talk about putting similar protections in place."
The research is exciting because it represents the "first real insights into the movement patterns of white sharks" in the northern part of the Atlantic, says Tobey Curtis, a Massachusetts-based shark researcher for the National Marine Fisheries Service who was not involved with the study.
"Prior to this, we were only able to piece together information about their distribution from widely scattered reports from fishermen, scientists and the public," they said. "Having tracks of individual sharks really helps fill in the gaps, and provides a more complete picture of white shark movements and migrations."
One of the two suspects charged in the slaying of an expectant mother in North Dakota earlier this year has pleaded guilty, PEOPLE confirms.
Brooke Crews, 38, of Fargo, North Dakota, appeared in court Monday morning with their attorney, Steve Mottinger, to confess to their crimes in the death of 22-year-old Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind.
Crews, shackled and soft-spoken, pleaded guilty to three charges: conspiracy to commit kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and giving false information to the police.
They face up to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Them sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 16.
As Crews changed their plea, LaFontaine-Greywind's family and friends watched from the gallery, and some wept.
Crews' attorney tells PEOPLE they decided to plead guilty after reviewing the evidence against them during discovery. “She made the decision to take responsibility,” they say.
LaFontaine-Greywind was eight-months pregnant when they vanished on Aug. 19 from their family's Fargo apartment. Them plastic-wrapped body was found in the local Red River more than a week later, on Aug. 27.
The medical examiner ruled that they died of “homicidal violence.” Prosecutors provided a brief summary of the case at Monday's hearing but gave no further details about how or where LaFontaine-Greywind died or under what circumstances their child was born.
Prosecutors said Crews was responsible for the “murder and stealing the unborn baby” of LaFontaine-Greywind, who they alleged was killed by violence inflicted by them and their co-defendant.
LaFontaine-Greywind disappeared after visiting Crews' third-floor apartment, located in the same building where they lived with their parents and younger brother, according to police. Crews had asked them to model a dress they were sewing.
While authorities searched for LaFontaine-Greywind in the days after they went missing, Crews was arrested in their apartment after neighbors reported a baby crying in the building.
Police said they found Crews with a newborn girl. DNA tests showed that the baby was, in fact, LaFontaine-Greywind's daughter.
The child was returned to their father's custody earlier this year.
Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind Savanna Lafontaine-Greywind/Facebook
From left: William Henry Hoehn and Brooke Lynn Crews
Prosecutors said Monday that Crews had planned to “register” LaFontaine-Greywind's daughter and “raise the child as their own.”
Crews' live-in boyfriend, 32-year-old William Henry Hoehn, was arrested soon after they were on Aug. 24. As with Crews, they face charges of conspiracy to commit murder and conspiracy to commit kidnapping, as well as providing false information to police.
They have pleaded not guilty and is still awaiting trial. Their attorney has requested it begin in March.
Hoehn's attorney could not immediately be reached for comment.
EVERETT, Wash. — An 18-year-old Everett girl who who left their newborn baby in a dumpster after giving birth in a shower was sentenced Monday to six months in jail.
On March 25, 2016, a passerby heard what sounded like cries coming from the dumpster at the Mirabella Apartments in the 800 block of 112th Street SE and called police. Officers found a newborn baby boy still alive in the dumpster.
Later, police detectives received an anonymous tip “indicating that a local high-school girl was potentially the mother. The girl had been pregnant while attending school but dropped out for about a month. Upon returning, they were no longer pregnant and refused to talk with friends about what happened,” the Everett Police said in a news release at the time.
Detectives located the 18-year-old, Samantha Houston, and they “admitted to giving birth on March 25th and panicked. They wrapped the newborn in a towel and walked with them outside. They stated they didn't know what to do and placed the newborn in the dumpster,” the release said.
They were booked into the Snohomish County Jail for investigation of a charge of abandonment of a dependent person.
The police said the newborn, now in the custody of the state Department of Social and Health Services, is reported to be healthy.
Newborn baby boy found alive in Everett dumpster, taken to hospital
Everett teenager charged for leaving their newborn in dumpster
Woman who found baby in dumpster: ‘I just kind of fell on my knees, started crying'
Macron parties at Fela Kuti's New Afrika Shrine in Nigeria
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) — French President Emmanuel Macron has shaken up a two-day visit to Nigeria with a stop at the New Afrika Shrine, a concert hall founded by the late music legend Fela Kuti.
Macron also held talks with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on security in Africa's vast Sahel region as the extremist threat grows from groups linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State organization.
Macron's visit to Africa's most populous nation ends Wednesday.
Their visit to the New Afrika Shrine was for a launch event for the 2020 Season of African Cultures in France.
Macron also is inaugurating an Alliance Francaise cultural center in Lagos and meeting young Nigerian entrepreneurs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. – Police are conducting a death investigation after a decomposed body was found inside a South Richmond home, according to Crime Insider sources.
The police activity surrounds the home in the 2400 block of Wright Avenue, near Jefferson Davis Highway.
CBS 6 reporter Jon Burkett, who is on scene, says investigators have been going in and out of the home.
Crime Insider sources say the person inside the home has been dead for “awhile.”
Police have not released any details about the investigation at this time.
Several members of Richmond's Major Crimes Unit and the Crime Scene Mobile Lab are on scene, according to Burkett.
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
LONDON Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) said it has so far fixed fewer than half of the 1.2 million cars affected by the diesel emissions scandal in Britain, 18 months after the revelations first came to light.
The German carmaker admitted in September 2015 to using software to cheat diesel emission tests in the United States and has since paid out compensation to U.S. motorists but has refused to do so in Europe.
In Britain, Europe's second biggest autos market where Volkswagen Group is the top seller, the firm has faced pressure from lawmakers who have repeatedly questioned the brand's managing director.
In a response to lawmakers' latest letter, VW's Paul Willis said the firm was nearly halfway to fixing all models.
"We have implemented the technical measures in more than 540,000 UK vehicles," Willis told lawmakers in a letter dated Mar. 24, which was released on Friday. In February, they said the total stood at 470,000.
VW has not set a firm deadline to complete the work but hopes to have most of it done by the autumn.
Willis also denied that any of the changes made had negatively affected the performance of vehicles, an issue at the heart of attempts by some law firms to take legal action against the company.
"The technical measures have been rigorously tested and the relevant authorities have confirmed that there is no adverse impact on the vehicles' MPG, CO2 emissions, engine output, maximum torque and noise emissions" they said.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; Editing by Keith Weir)
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The surge in 10-year U.S. Treasury yields on Friday after a government report showed that wages' rising smartly is just a “delayed reaction” to stronger economic growth that has been ongoing for some time, a top policymaker said on Friday.
“Markets sometimes take a while to get going and then they move more quickly,” San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams told reporters after a talk here.
“Some of this adjustment seems to be a realization the economy's doing really well, and obviously with the tax cuts that's going to add further stimulus in the next years, and if anything the inflation data are heading in the right way,” Williams said.
U.S. stocks fell for a second straight day on Friday and the Dow Jones Industrial Average had its worst day in two years. But Williams was upbeat, calling current financial conditions, even after the rise in bond yields and the fall in stocks, “incredibly positive.”
March 31 Hong Kong stocks slipped on Friday, with no inflows from mainland markets due to a coming holiday and investors balancing their positions at the end of the first quarter.
Trading was also impacted by the approaching holiday. Hong Kong will be closed on Tuesday, and mainland markets on Monday and Tuesday for a Chinese holiday.
The "Connect" schemes between mainland exchanges and Hong Kong were suspended starting on Thursday, and will open again on Wednesday, April 5.
The benchmark Hang Seng index dropped 0.8 percent, to 24,111.59, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.8 percent, to 10,273.67.
The market lost 1 percent for the week and gained 9.6 percent for the first quarter.
Reaction was largely muted to news that activity in China's manufacturing sector, as measured by the official purchasing managers' index (PMI), expanded at the fastest pace in nearly five years in March, beating expectations.
Linus Yip, a Hong Kong-based strategist at First Shanghai Securities, said halted capital inflows from China and investors' unwillingness to trade before the holiday weighed on the market.
"But both are short-term effects and won't change the market's trend to gradually rise," Yip said.
Sectors across the board lost ground in Hong Kong. (Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Aaron missed a jumper for the Trojans and Welsh got fouled while grabbing the rebound. The Bruins ended the game on a 22-10 run.
"It was a really high-intensity game," USC coach Andy Enfield said. "Both teams played great, especially on the offensive end. It really just came down to that last shot at the end."
Jordan McLaughlin and Jordan Usher each missed 3-pointers for USC in the last four seconds. McLaughlin finished with five points on 2-of-8 shooting, well off their 12.6-point average.
"I just really hate losing," McLaughlin said. "The Pac-12 is a tough conference. You have to take care of your home court and try to steal some games on the road."
Rakocevic scored 10 of USC's first 14 points to open the second half, extending the Trojans' lead to 55-53. The Bruins answered with a dunk by G.G. Goloman and a 3-pointer from Holiday for a 58-55 lead.
USC outscored UCLA 14-2 to go back in front 69-60. Stewart had five points and Chimezie Metu four in the spurt.
The Bruins took a 71-69 lead with 11 straight points that included two 3-pointers by Holiday, who converted two free throws after off-setting fouls by Alex Olesinski and Rakocevic, who also got a technical for a tie-up involving Olesinski.
"It was a flagrant foul by (UCLA), and Nick retaliated," Enfield said. "I just told Nick that they should have just let them be."
USC built an 11-point lead midway through the first half before UCLA erased most of it with a 14-2 run. Chris Smith came off the bench to score four points and Holiday sandwiched 3-pointers around a free throw by Smith that put the Bruins ahead 30-29.
The game was tied twice more before USC got four straight points by Stewart to lead 41-40 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE
USC: The Trojans were 7-1 in January for their most wins in the month since going 7-2 in 1982. They are second in the league standings behind Arizona. "We just have to really watch film and stay consistent about the things that we do, and we should be OK," McLaughlin said.
UCLA: The Bruins have seven regular season games remaining, with just two of those at home. The victory gives their NCAA Tournament hopes a much-needed boost, but they face a tough trip to the Arizona desert next week.
BENNIE'S BACK
USC's Bennie Boatwright returned after missing two straight games because of a sore right foot. They finished with two points on 0-of-5 shooting and missed all three of their 3-point attempts in nine minutes. They average 15.1 points.
FAMOUS FACES
Reggie Miller led a strong turnout by UCLA alums, including Jamaal Wilkes, Mike Warren, Lucius Allen, Charles O'Bannon, Earl Watson and Tony Parker. "Those guys are who established UCLA," Welsh said.
UP NEXT
USC: At No. 25 Arizona State on Thursday in the second of three straight road games. The Trojans have lost five in a row in Tempe by an average of 4.4 points.
UCLA: At No. 9 Arizona on Thursday in the teams' only regular season meeting.
___
More AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Beth Harris, The Associated Press
(Repeats with no change to text)
By Hugh Bronstein
CARACAS, Aug 13 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of possible military action in Venezuela could be a political life-line for the country's unpopular leader, who has long used the threat of U.S. aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
President Nicolas Maduro has continued the free-spending socialist "revolution" started by their predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, almost 20 years ago. Key to the populist rhetoric used by both is a constant drumbeat of warnings that the U.S. "empire" is planning an invasion to steal Venezuela's oil.
That threat was laughed off by the opposition and until Friday night, when Trump said a military option was not out of the question for dealing with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition and deepening social crisis.
"He's doing Maduro a favor by reinforcing the nationalist position that the Gringos want to come and attack Venezuela. This has always been part of Maduro's rhetoric, and Chavez before him. And it has served them both well," said lawyer Luis Alberto Rodriguez while sitting at a cafe, smoking a Cuban cigar, in one of Caracas' wealthier neighborhoods.
"It's not going to have any impact other than the government using it to further unify its people and attack the opposition," the 44-year-old added.
Maduro loyalists, who regularly insult opposition leaders as Washington's lackeys, wasted no time in pouncing.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Maduro's son, also named Nicolas, at the country's new constituent assembly, which was elected last month to re-write the constitution.
The opposition fears the assembly will remove any checks that remain on the president's powers and critics globally have condemned it as an affront to democracy.
"If Venezuela were attacked," the younger Maduro said, "The rifles would arrive in New York, Mr. Trump. We would take the White House."
Marches against Maduro were held in Caracas on Saturday, with few confrontations with state security forces and no deaths. More than 120 have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
Opposition leaders who have counted on the U.S. government to apply sustained moral and economic pressure on Maduro have so far been silent about Trump's remarks and marchers seemed confounded by their military threat.
"I don't know what to tell you," one woman marcher said, declining to give them name. "It's very complicated."
'NO GREATER GIFT'
The opposition, which controls a congress that has been neutered by Maduro's loyalist Supreme Court, boycotted last month's election of the new legislative superbody.
Opposition leaders called instead for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as their popularity gets pummeled by the country's economic woes.
"Maduro could not have asked for a greater gift from Trump. They provided substance for Maduro's heretofore implausible conspiracy theories," said David Smilde, senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin American, a human rights think-tank.
Smilde said Trump's threat of military force put the Venezuelan opposition "on its heels" after a group of Latin American governments joined last week in reprimanding Maduro for sponsoring the July 30 election of the constituent assembly.
"It has threatened to deflate the emerging regional consensus regarding Venezuela. Today the countries that on Tuesday signed on to a strong statement criticizing Maduro's authoritarian direction are spending their time criticizing Trump's statements," Smilde said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting on integrated development of the Arctic at a military base in Alexandra Land in remote Arctic islands of Franz Josef Land, Russia March 29, 2017. Sputnik/Alexei Druzhinin/Kremlin via REUTERS
ST PETERSBURG, Russia Russia's existing internet regulations are sufficient and the country needs no further restrictions, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday.
"The state should... eliminate certain threats," Putin told a group of journalists from Russian regions.
"In my point of view the existing restrictions are sufficient for now," they said.
(Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh)
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," they said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
The GMA 7 stars marry in a simple Christian wedding at a hotel in Pasay City
Published 7:31 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – GMA 7 actors Max Collins and Pancho Magno are married. On Monday, December 11, the couple tied the knot before family and friends at the Marriott Hotel in Pasay City.
Max Collins in @francislibiranbridal Make up by @deniseochoa Bouquet by @henrypascualeventstylist A post shared by Niceprintphoto (@niceprintphoto) on Dec 11, 2017 at 3:21am PST
Our bride Max Collins with their entourage #panchotothemax #isalangparakaypancho A post shared by Niceprintphoto (@niceprintphoto) on Dec 11, 2017 at 3:23am PST
Wooooooo!!!! #PancholovestotheMAX #ISAlangparakayPANCHO A post shared by rochellepangilinan (@rochellepangilinan) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:30am PST
Congratulations Babygirl @maxcollinsofficial and @magnopancho #ISAlangParakayPancho #PanchoLovestotheMax A post shared by Christian Martin (@martinchristiant) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:30am PST
Congratulations and best wishes to newlyweds, Max Collins and Pancho Magno We wish you nothing but love and happiness! #IsaLangParaKayPancho A post shared by GMA Artist Center (@artistcenter) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:31am PST
Pancho's co-stars in the afternoon drama Haplos – Sanya Lopez, Emilio Garcia, and Thea Tolentino were also at the ceremony.
Team Haplos! Sanya Lopez, Thea Tolentino, and Emilio Garcia are all smiles with the groom at Pancho Magno and Max Collins' wedding! #IsaLangParaKayPancho A post shared by GMA Artist Center (@artistcenter) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:07am PST
Actress Lovi Poe was also at the event.
Hi poe, @lovipoe! #IsaLangParaKayPancho #PanchoToTheMax A post shared by Harry (@victorharryx) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:56am PST
Seat-mates at @maxcollinsofficial and @magnopancho wedding ceremony @carlaangeline @akosimangtomas @iamchrisjohnson A post shared by Samantha Lopez-Edwards (@samanthalopeznyc) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:27am PST
Max and Pancho confirmed they were engaged in May. The two, who have been together for 4 years worked in TV projects including the reboot of Encantadia, where Max played the elder Amihan, sister of Marian Rivera's character Reyna Mine-a and Pancho as Hitano. – Rappler.com
The annual fundraiser had attendees bid on anonymous art
On Friday night the Revelstoke Visual Arts Centre held its annual silent auction and fundraiser. About 80 people were in attendance.
Attendees bid on anonymous artwork and the artists behind the pieces were revealed at the end of the night.
“The arts centre is here for the community and we are primarily run by volunteers,” said executive director Victoria Strange. “As a non-profit society we are extremely grateful for the support, and for everyone who works behind the scenes.”
Check out a photo recap of the evening below:
Local artist Sam Aiden with their piece, “I will never die and if I did I will be born again.” (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Local artist Claudia Bambi poses with their piece “Illuminacheese.” (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Local artist Jewelles Smith was featured in the show. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Meghan Tabor and Megan Shandro enjoy the showing. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Executive director of the Visual Arts Centre Victoria Strange addresses the crowd. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Krista Stovel addresses the crowd. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
Zachary Grabinsky listens attentively to Victoria Strange. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
A little one took in the fun at the Visual Arts Centre. (Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review)
May 2 LiveChat Software SA:
* The number of clients using the paid version of LiveChat at 19,777 as of May 1 versus 14,982 year on year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
These resale prices would have been illegal under the markup cap that was suspended by Ford's new government.
An analysis of 10 popular, upcoming Toronto concerts — including Bruno Mars, Elton John, Radiohead and Taylor Swift — shows 20 per cent of tickets finds Tuesday morning on websites StubHub, TicketMaster and SeatGeek exceeded a 50-per-cent markup.
A $69.50 ticket to Florence and the Machine was for resale on SeatGeek for $6,741.87 — a markup of 9,600 per cent.
A $221 ticket to Elton John was available on SeatGeek for $1,878, while a $95.50 Foo Fighters ticket was being offered on SeatGeek for $9,240.
A $325 ticket for Taylor Swift was being offered for $66,000 on StubHub— a 20,207-per-cent markup.
Aside from emailed statements from StubHub, and one from TicketMaster, the ticket reselling sites declined interviews for this story.
Richard Powers, a professor at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management, said scalpers will benefit from the suspension of the price cap.
"This looks to be an attempt by the new government to delay at least part of the new act, providing those in the secondary market a grace period or perhaps a total reprieve depending on what happens next," Powers said.
Alan Cross, a radio DJ and music historian, questioned whether the cap ever would have worked.
"Scalping was completely illegal for the longest time, yet you could go outside any venue and find people buying and selling tickets," they said.
There were 27,946 tickets available for the 10 concerts monitored on scalper websites. The Star and CBC identified 5,703 priced higher than 50 per cent above face value.
The more scarce the tickets, the higher the resale price. For Radiohead's two shows at the Scotiabank Arena (formerly the ACC), there were only 410 tickets available on the four scalping websites monitored. But 308 of those tickets were marked up beyond 50 per cent.
Cross said even without the cap, the legislation still has some important achievements.
"There are some laudable things about the law: the effort to outlaw ticket-buying software, bots. That's favourable. It's a tough fight. It may be an unwinnable fight. But it's a fight that has to be fought. That's good."
Powers agrees: "They have got rid of the bots. If the legislation accomplished anything, that was a real positive."
TicketMaster's website introduced several changes at midnight on Canada Day, the moment the new law came into force. For events in Ontario, TicketMaster's verified resale tickets now list service fees up front and show buyers the face value of the ticket before they complete their purchase — both requirements of Ontario's new legislation. StubHub doesn't list the face value and declined to comment when asked by the Star and CBC.
"This is a very rational and prudent decision made by the new government," said Patti-Anne Tarlton, chief operating officer for TicketMaster Canada. "This pause will allow them time to effectively evaluate the anticipated impact of this component of the Bill and whether it will have the intended consumer protection the government and industry strive for."
An ongoing investigation into the ticket resale market by the Star and CBC has revealed how mass scalpers use bots to buy up hundreds of tickets, which makes it far more difficult for fans to get them in the box office. Those scalpers feed tickets to the online resale market, where prices rise far above face value.
The world's biggest online platform, StubHub, gives mass scalpers preferential treatment by providing them with automatic pricing tools and charging them lower fees than those charged to fans.
It's all part of an ongoing revolution in the ticketing industry that blurs the line between the box office and scalpers, and pushing fans to pay even more.
In March, the Star and CBC reported the Toronto Blue Jays pocket secret commissions on every seat sold on StubHub — effectively profiting from the scalping of the club's own seats. On opening day alone, more than 20,000 tickets — 45 per cent of the entire stadium — were posted for resale online.
Data collection and analysis by the CBC's William Wolfe-Wylie, Valérie Ouellet and Jessica Willms.
Data collection and analysis by the CBC's William Wolfe-Wylie, Valérie Ouellet and Jessica Willms.
PAWNEE, Okla. (AP) — Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, 2 hours south of Wichita.
The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
Georgia Toffolo aka Toff is this year's winner of ‘I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here'. The Made in Chelsea star was crowned Queen of The Jungle last night after toughing it out for three weeks. Let's be honest, most of us didn't have a breeze who they were until the series kicked off but they came across so well, they were funny and strong and got stuck in. They definitely didn't expect to win and seemed completely surprised when the lads announced it! G'wan the Toff.
Chris Rea was performing on Saturday night, when according to reports, they collapsed on stage. They were 50 minutes into a concert in Oxford when they suddenly fell to the ground. They were taken to hospital by ambulance and thankfully, he's in a stable condition.
Queens Of The Stone Age frontman Josh Homme is in trouble after footage has emerged of them kicking a photographer during a performance over the weekend. Photographer Chelsea Lauren posted a video of the incident and you can quite clearly make out Homme walking past her, turning back and kicking, quite violently, in the direction of their camera and their head. Homme issued a statement last night, apologising and blaming it on being lost in performance.
For all the latest showbiz news, tune into The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show, every weekday at 7.50am
April 20 Snap-On Inc
* Snap-On announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $2.39
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.36 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 sales $887.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $880.8 million
* Snap-On Inc- Snap-On expects that capital expenditures in 2017 will be in a range of $80 million to $90 million
* Snap-On Inc- Snap-On also anticipates that its full year 2017 effective income tax rate will be comparable to its 2016 full year rate Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
To read more from our Fall Movie Preview, pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly on stands now, or buy it here. Don't forget to subscribe for more exclusive interviews and photos, only in EW.
Shooting on the snowy peaks of the Purcell Mountains near Calgary in negative 36-degree weather — yes, negative thirty-six — meant there were days director Hany Abu-Assad (Omar) could barely do their job on the set of The Mountain Between Us, a romance survival thriller based on a novel by Charles Martin about two strangers trapped thousands of feet above civilization after a devastating plane crash. “On certain days, I couldn't move my mouth,” they say, laughing. “My muscles in my face were frozen.”
But the cast and crew of the film endured, and the result is a harrowing tale of a photojournalist (Kate Winslet) and a surgeon (Idris Elba) fighting for life and falling in love that Abu-Assad hopes will make viewers question what it means to live. “There's a celebration of humanity in this story that's very important to me,” they say. “When I read the script, I felt the whole journey, the hunger and pain and cold and love.”
Of course, to illustrate that journey, Abu-Assad had to put their stars through the wringer — Winslet encounters a mountain lion, Elba dangles from a cliff, and both spend scenes clambering through layers of snow — all of which Winslet says they welcomed. “As hard as it was, as scary as it was, I really did love it,” they say. “It was quite frightening, but amazing at the same time because of how spectacularly beautiful it was.”
Of course, the beauty didn't cancel out the cold, and Winslet admits there were days they were afraid to leave their car and head to set. “There's a funny thing that happens with actors,” they say. “From the outside looking in people assume that it wouldn't be as cold for the actors, that there would have been extra things or magical fairy dust sprinkled on them to make them not as cold as everybody else.” They laugh. “Just forget all that, because that does not come into play in this film at all.”
Still, the actor explains that it was the grueling shoot that attracted them to the film in the first place. “I was excited by the physical challenge,” they say, pointing out that it's been two decades since they faced the elements for Titanic. “I hadn't done something quite so extreme for a really long time.” And though Titanic also happens to be a romance survival story, Winslet swears they aren't looking to dive back into the genre just because it's the blockbuster's 20th anniversary. “It was honestly just a coincidence,” they say. “I'm realizing now, as I'm talking about this film, people are going to want to compare it to Titanic. Actually, they are so wildly different.”
After all, the James Cameron-directed film had been an ensemble epic, whereas Winslet spent the majority of The Mountain Between Us working opposite Elba and their contrasting style. “We do work in quite different ways, Idris and I,” they say. “Idris likes to keep everything extremely loose and do quite a bit of improvising, which I'm all in favor of as well, but I had just come off the Woody Allen film [Wonder Wheel] so I had been learning reams and reams of dialogue. It's quite good for me to experience absorbing a different process.” That said, Winslet notes that they have no idea how Elba felt about having to work with their 24/7. “I mean,” they joke, laughing, “I'm sure they were sick of the sight of me at the end of the shoot.”
The Mountain Between Us hits theaters Oct. 6.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon - see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* STOXX 600 up 0.4 pct
* Wolseley hits near 10-yr high on strong H1
* EDP gains on plan to buy out renewables subsidiary
* Dufry rises on media report HNA seeks stake
* Booker dips as Tesco takeover under fire
By Helen Reid
LONDON, March 28 European shares rose on Tuesday, boosted by strong results and deal-making across the region, recovering from the previous session's sentiment-fuelled dip.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.3 percent, with deals in focus as rumours of stake sales moved individual stocks, while criticism of the Tesco takeover dented wholesaler Booker.
Basic resource stocks led gains, up 0.8 percent after suffering their worst daily losses in more than four months on Monday.
Wolseley was the top European gainer, up 6.3 percent and hitting almost a decade high, after posting a 25 percent rise in profit for its first half, driven by strong growth in its main market, the United States.
Portuguese oil company EDP rose 4.2 percent after it said it would buy the rest of its renewable energy subsidiary EDP Renovaveis.
Portugal's largest company also agreed the sale of its Spanish gas distribution network Naturgas to Nature Investments, a special purpose vehicle owned by a consortium of institutional investors.
EDPR jumped 9.4 percent on the news, helping Portugal's stock index outperform European peers, up 2.2 percent.
Dufry, the Swiss airport retailer, gained 3.5 percent after a report said Chinese conglomerate HNA was in talks to buy a stake, a move which would extend Dufry's reach in China.
Banco Popular was up 3 percent, the top gainer among banks, after a Spanish newspaper report said the bank's new head Emilio Saracho was in talks to sell the lender's property portfolio and a stake to Libra Group.
Neither party said it would comment on market rumours.
Credit Agricole, meanwhile, rose 2.8 percent, to the top of France's blue-chip index after Barclays switched its preference to it from Société Générale.
Among the few fallers in early trading, Recordati was the worst-performing, down 2.4 percent after Goldman Sachs cut its rating on the stock to "sell".
The Italian pharmaceuticals company's premium to peers is excessive, Goldman analysts said, given a slightly more risky research and development profile due to early-stage clinical partnerships, and their belief that mergers and acquisitions could be less pronounced ahead.
Recordati plans around 40 percent of sales growth to come from reinvestment in M&A in 2017-2019. But Goldman said the company's market cap of 6.6 billion euros made it harder for bolt-on acquisitions to move the needle.
Wholesaler Booker was also among top fallers, down 1.9 percent after two major Tesco shareholders opposed a $4.7 billion deal by the retailer to take it over, saying it would destroy value.
Tesco's CEO said they were "completely committed" to the deal. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
People line up outside a branch of Italcambio currency exchange in San Cristobal, Venezuela March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Eduardo Ramirez
CARACAS Annual inflation in crisis-hit Venezuela last year reached 274 percent, according to data the central bank provided to the International Monetary Fund, although many economists believe the true figure is far more alarming.
In the midst of a bruising economic crisis, the leftist government of President Nicolas Maduro has not published inflation data for more than a year.
Venezuelan consultancy Ecoanalitica says inflation was 525 percent last year and New York-based investment bank Torino Capital - using one popular food item as a proxy - put it at 453 percent.
Maduro themselves last year increased the minimum wage by 454 percent, saying the rise was to offset inflation.
The central bank did not immediately respond to a request for information.
A wave of anti-government unrest is underway across the country. Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets on Wednesday, only to be dispersed with tear gas and water cannons.
One factor for high inflation is Venezuela's soaring money supply, up more than 200 percent in the last year, its fastest rise since records began in 1940.
Purchasing power has eroded and salaries annihilated as a result. On the black market, $1,000 in savings when Maduro was elected in 2013 would now be worth less than $5.
The bolivar currency fell further against the U.S. dollar on Thursday and is now at its lowest value ever against the dollar, down 99.5 percent since Maduro came to power.
Inflation is one facet of the OPEC member's crippling economic crisis, as it contributes to putting basic food products out of reach for millions. Maduro blames the problems on an "economic war" being waged against it by the U.S. government and opposition "terrorists."
Many economists blame strict currency and price controls.
The IMF figure places Venezuela as the country with the second highest inflation in the world, after South Sudan which last year clocked inflation of 480 percent. The IMF did not receive Gross Domestic Product data from Venezuela's central bank.
(Reporting by Girish Gupta and Corina Pons; editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Grant McCool)
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
RICHMOND, Va. — Virginia has been named one of the top 10 places to live in America, according to a new study.
A financial news company called 24-7 Wall Street named Virginia as the 10th best place to live in the country based on educational attainment, poverty and health.
The study found that Virginians are more likely to be financially stable than most Americans.
According to the study, a typical Virginia household earns $66, 262 annually, which is far more than the $55,775 median annual household income nationwide.
Those statistics also contribute to an 11.2% poverty rate, which is the 11th lowest in the country.
Virginia also has a home ownership rate of 65% which is slightly higher than the national average, according to the study. They tout the Commonwealth's relatively low real estate taxes as a reason why homeownership is more affordable.
The study says the typical home in Virginia is worth more than a quarter million dollars.
Full list of America's 10 Best States to Live In:
Massachusetts Connecticut New Hampshire Minnesota New Jersey Colorado Vermont Maryland Hawaii Virginia
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 14/04/17 - Redbull Formula One driver Daniel Ricciardo of Australia gets in their car during the first practice session of the Bahrain F1 Grand Prix. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 15/4/17 - Red Bull Formula One driver Daniel Ricciardo of Australia arrives at the Bahrain International Circuit ahead of the third practice session of the Bahrain F1 Grand Prix. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
MANAMA Daniel Ricciardo is an optimist but even optimism has its limits.
Red Bull's smiling Australian, who finished third overall last season behind the Mercedes duo of now-retired champion Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton, has had reason to scowl after the first two races of 2017.
Their home grand prix in Melbourne was wrecked by mechanical failure while in China they finished behind 19-year-old Dutch teammate Max Verstappen - who took third place despite starting 16th. Ricciardo, fifth on the grid, ended up fourth.
"After the race in China I was pretty pissed off," they told Reuters at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
"I just felt I could get more out of myself and when you are that close to a podium..."
The 27-year-old, whose beaming grin has become as familiar to fans as their "shoey" podium celebration of drinking champagne from their boot, said they had already had to recalibrate expectations.
"If I expect to win every race then I'll probably become miserable because it's unrealistic, but I think we know where we are now," they added.
"Coming into this weekend I think fifth probably has to be the target and that's what I'll focus on."
Champions Mercedes and rivals Ferrari have become the pacesetters, with Ricciardo's former teammate Sebastian Vettel leading the standings jointly with Hamilton.
Red Bull are some way off the leaders' pace even if Friday practise in Bahrain showed them to be more competitive than expected, with Ricciardo third on the evening timesheets.
Team principal Christian Horner said the real test would be the first race of the European season in Barcelona next month when major updates come through, but Ricciardo was looking further down the road.
"At this stage unfortunately we're not battling for the big points yet," they said.
"We're not quick enough. But you'd like to think second half of the year we should start getting some chances. It will be very hard I think before August to get a win now."
MONACO REPEAT
Ricciardo won last October in Malaysia, after Hamilton's engine blew, and started on pole position in Monaco in May - the only time a non-Mercedes driver took the top slot in all of last season.
"I'm looking forward to Monaco but to have any chance of a kind of repeat of last year we need to be well within a second on a normal track. If we are 1.2 off in Barcelona, I don't think we can win Monaco," said the Perth native.
"Even if I feel I can do a bit more, we need to be within half a second to have a chance in Monaco...if we just get something fundamentally right on the car, whether it's floor, sidepod or something which generates a ton more downforce, then we could turn it around probably."
The rivalry with Verstappen, considered potentially the most explosive in the sport with two race winners vying to be top dog, is bubbling along nicely but without any sign of looming flare-ups.
"I think it could still be very tasty. Unfortunately, at the moment it's not looking like it's going to be a world title hunt," said the Australian.
"I like our relationship, I like the rivalry we've got. But I think now it's important for us to use that to the team's advantage and whatever fire we've got, use that to push the team and give them as much feedback development as possible."
The pair felt the heat of battle last year, fighting each other for victory in Malaysia in a team one-two finish and the podium in Germany and Mexico. Verstappen won in Spain on their team debut.
"If we just keep the same mindset, focus on each other but have respect within the battle, I don't feel it needs to blow up any further," said Ricciardo.
"You can never predict what's going to happen, if we end up having an on-track incident, but if it remains like it is it should be alright."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
(Updates prices, adds commentary)
* Oil gains more on Syria uncertainty, Libya oilfield shutdown
* U.S. stocks higher
* Geopolitics underpins risk-off mood in Europe
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 10 Wall Street stock indexes firmed on Monday as rising oil futures boosted the energy sector and investors placed bets ahead of the U.S. quarterly corporate earnings season.
In the afternoon U.S. Treasury yields pared an earlier drop, prompted by soft demand at a $24 billion auction of three-year notes, the first part of this week's $56 billion coupon-bearing government debt supply.
Oil prices rose more than 1 percent, supported by strong demand, uncertainty over the conflict in Syria and a shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, settled up 1.3 percent at $55.98 per barrel and U.S. crude futures settled up 1.6 percent at $53.08.
The S&P's energy sector was its biggest driver with a 1.1 percent gain.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 45.01 points, or 0.22 percent, to 20,701.11, the S&P 500 gained 6.27 points, or 0.27 percent, to 2,361.81 and the Nasdaq Composite added 13.66 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,891.47.
Investors geared up for the U.S. earnings season, which kicks off this week with first-quarter reports from some of the biggest banks. Wall Street expects S&P 500 companies to report a 10.1 percent increase in earnings, with revenue rising 7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data.
U.S. equities rallied after Donald Trump was elected U.S. President on Nov. 8 on hopes of pro-business policies such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending. But solid earnings may be more important, said Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in New York.
"We're going to get evidence companies have the ability to grow their top line," said Clemons.
"There's some expectation of fiscal policy built into this market but the fact this earnings rebound started in the third quarter tells me there's something bigger going on than the change of control in Washington."
International geopolitics were also causing some investor jitters on Monday after last week's U.S. air strike in Syria.
Traders attributed a stock dip around noon EDT (1600 GMT) to unverified rumors stemming from weekend reports related to North Korea.
A U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons program.
In the currency market the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, was down 0.1 percent after touching its highest point in three weeks earlier in the day. The dollar had risen 0.5 percent Friday.
The yield on three-year Treasuries was down 0.5 basis point at 1.499 percent, while benchmark 10-year yield was 1 basis point lower at 2.361 percent.
The MSCI all world stock index was up 0.15 percent. European stocks ended the day flat as investors focused on risks including France's upcoming presidential election. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York and Vikram Subhedar and Abhinav Ramnarayann in London; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish)
Pope Francis 1 in St Peters Square during the Wednesday general audience on May 22 2015. Photo credit: Stephan Driscoll CNA 6 17 15
Vatican City, Dec 8, 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- In a video series for Italian television network TV2000, Pope Francis said that “lead us not into temptation” is a poorly translated line of the Father.
“This is not a good translation,” the Pope said in the video, published Dec. 6. “I am the one who falls, it's not (God) who pushes me toward temptation to see how I fall. A father doesn't do this, a father helps us to get up right away.”
They noted that this line was recently re-translated in the French version of the prayer to read “do not let me fall into temptation.”
The Latin version of the prayer, the authoritative version in the Catholic Church, reads “ne nos inducas in tentationem.”
The Pope said that the one who leads people into temptation “is Satan; that is the work of Satan.” They said that the essence of that line in the prayer is like telling God: “when Satan leads me into temptation, please, give me your hand. Give me your hand.”
Just as Jesus gave Peter their hand to help them out of the water when they began to sink, the prayer also asks God to “give me your hand so that I don't drown,” Pope Francis said.
The Pope made their comments in the seventh part of the “Our Father” television series being aired by Italian television network TV2000.
Filmed in collaboration with the Vatican's Secretariat for Communications, the series consists of nine question-and-answer sessions with Pope Francis and Fr. Marco Pozza, a theologian and a prison chaplain in the northern Italian city of Padua.
In each of the sessions, Fr. Pozza asks the Pope about a different line in the Father prayer, and the Pope offers their insights. A preview of the series was presented at the Vatican's Film Library by Msgr. Dario Edoardo Vigano, head of the Secretariat for Communications.
The show also led to the publication of a book titled “Our Father,” which was released by the Vatican Publishing House and Italian publisher Rizzoli Nov. 23, and is based on Pozza's conversations with the Pope in the video series.
Each of the first eight episodes of the series begin with an excerpt from conversation between the Pope and Pozza, which is followed by a second conversation between Pozza and another guest. The final episode will consist of the priest's entire conversation with Pope Francis.
In their question to Pope Francis on the line “lead us not into temptation,” Pozza noted that many people have asked them how God can lead someone into temptation, and questioned what the phrase actually intends to say.
The question is one of the reasons the French bishops decided to make a request for a new translation of the Father that they believe conveys the meaning more clearly.
According to the French episcopal conference, the decision to make the change was accepted by the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments in June 2013.
The new translation, released Dec. 3 to mark the first day of Advent and the beginning of the new liturgical year, now reads “ne nous laisse pas entrer en tentation,” meaning, “do not let us fall into temptation,” versus the former “ne nous soumets pas à la tentation,” or “lead us not into temptation.”
The Pope's remarks do not change the translations of liturgical texts. Such a change would begin with a resolution by an episcopal conference in English-speaking countries.
In a previous episode of the “Our Father” series, Pope Francis said “it takes courage” to recite the prayer, because it means calling on someone else and truly believing that “God is the Father who accompanies me, forgives me, gives me bread, is attentive to everything I ask, and dresses me better than wildflowers.”
“To believe is a great risk,” and means daring to make the leap of faith, they said. Because of this, “praying together is so beautiful: because we help each other to dare.”
Who do you find the most ab-tastic?
We need your help for the Sexiest Man Alive awards this year: You've already voted for Sexiest Chest, and now we have the Sexiest Abs award.
Should it be David Beckham, the father of four who just keeps getting hotter with age? Or should the winner be Harry Shum Jr., who knows how to dance their way to a killer six pack? Does the title belong to Joe Manganiello whose turn as Big Dick Richie in the Magic Mike movies caused jaws all over the world to drop? Or does the honor belong to the guy with the abs our mamas said would knock us out, LL Cool J?
Click your favorite guy's photo below to cast your vote.
CARACAS, April 12 Venezuela's cash-strapped state oil company PDVSA has made roughly $2.2 billion in bond payments, two bondholders told Reuters on Wednesday.
The oil-rich but crisis-stricken South American nation faces debt payments of nearly $3 billion in April, mostly on bonds issued by PDVSA.
(Reporting by Alexandra Ulmer and Corina Pons; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WHEN TWO (TOYS) BECOME ONE This LEGO-Built Nerf Gun Replica Is Fully Operational
Well actually, if you want to be perfectly on-brand, you've got to call them Nerf blasters, not Nerf guns. Considering that this is an unsanctioned marriage between two toy companies, just let it slide.
São Paulo, April 5 Brazil's economy probably came out of recession in the first quarter almost exclusively thanks to a record soy harvest, economists said on Wednesday, forecasting a broader recovery to start later in the year.
Brazil's agricultural output, which accounts for only about 5 percent of the country's economy, may have risen as much as 8 percent in the first quarter from the last three months of 2016, according to private estimates, while industrial and services activity probably remained stagnant.
The economy as a whole grew by between 0.1 and 0.3 percent in the first quarter as a result, according to banks and research firms, ending a two-year-long recession that has been the deepest in the country's history.
"If it wasn't for that contribution (from agriculture), we would likely be forecasting another fall in gross domestic product," said Rodolfo Margato, an economist with Santander Brasil, in São Paulo.
Agricultural output usually rises in the first few months of every year, but 2017 is projected to be a particularly good one thanks in part to expectations of a record soy crop. Brazil is the world's largest soy beans exporter.
Brazil is also expected to be a relevant player in the global corn market this year as output recovers from a strong dry spell in 2016.
"We're projecting an increase of 6.8 percent in agricultural output but we don't rule out an even higher figure," said Silvia Matos, a researcher at the Getúlio Vargas Foundation think-tank.
Brazil's economy shrank 3.6 percent in 2016 and is expected to grow about 0.5 percent this year, according to a weekly survey of economists by the central bank. Agricultural output is forecast to grow 5.8 percent in 2017 from 2016, while industrial GDP is expected to rise 0.8 percent and services are projected to fall 0.1 percent, the survey showed.
Aside from agriculture, industrial output is expected to pick up speed in coming months, before services activity, economists said. Service providers, which account for about 70 percent of Brazil's economic output, have struggled with record-high unemployment.
($1 = 3.1085 reais) (Writing by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Katy Perry took a moment during their Witness: The Tour show on Friday to speak from their heart about Sunday's Las Vegas massacre, the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
“My wish is for some freakin' peace! Don't ya think?” the singer, 32, told the audience inside New York City's Madison Square Garden before belting out their 2012 hit “Part of Me.”
“This is one of my favorite songs to sing – I want to dedicate it to you guys. You chose to come out and overcome this dumb fear,” Perry said. “You chose to come into the community of music and to be together … and be inspired.”
Gunman Stephen Paddock fired on the crowd of more than 22,000 attendees of the Route 91 Harvest Festival from their 32nd-floor at the Mandalay Bay Hotel, killing at 58 people and wounding more than 500 others. Country star Jason Aldean was performing the closing set of the three-day country music festival when bullets went off.
“This week has been crappy. This whole year has been crappy,” Perry said at Friday's concert. “We're stronger than that. No one's gonna steal our joy, are they? We've come together tonight just to escape it all a little bit.”
RELATED LINK: American Idol Judges Katy Perry, Lionel Richie & Luke Bryan on Vegas Shooting: ‘Prayer Without Action Is Powerless'
RELATED GALLERY: Remembering the Victims of the Las Vegas Mass Shooting
The American Idol judge made similar statements during their Tuesday concert at The Garden, less than 24 hours after the Vegas shooting.
“Listen, I know it's been a tough day. But music is special. It's magic. It's something that unites us,” Perry said as seen in footage from the show. “There's community here that we need to take care of, that we need to surround, that we need to lift up. I know we that we all feel very disconnected sometimes, but I know music brings us together, and it should never be a place of fear — right?”
And they also addressed the Las Vegas shooting during their joint appearance with fellow Idol judges Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan on Good Morning America Wednesday.
“We just don't know when it's going to happen again and we're all trying to figure out the answers,” they said. “I'm not saying I have the answers, and I pray every day. But the one thing we have to remember is prayer without action is powerless.”
Perry pushed for “action” when it comes to gun control, saying, “No one is saying, ‘Take away your guns,' but we just don't necessarily need assault rifles, assault weapons. We have to put our foot down more than just sending our condolences. Honestly, I get really sick to my stomach with everyone just sending their condolences, and then going back to selfie-ing and doing their regular stuff. That is not enough.”
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi (a.k.a. club diva Erika Jayne) is competing on season 24 of Dancing with the Stars — and blogging about their experience exclusively for PEOPLE. Follow Girardi, 45, and their pro dancer partner Gleb Savchenko, 33, on Twitter!
Last week was not a great week for me.
I didn't really like my performance and watching it back, I liked it even less. I didn't feel like I was comfortable or that I gave my best. There was some disconnect from the emotion and from my partner and to be honest, it wasn't great.
I've never really felt like this before with an audience and in a show. I've never had a hard time connecting. I've always been kind of open, but I'm also trying to find the balance of what the judges are expecting and what they want.
Being called raunchy on the first night puts you on notice, for sure. You don't want to change who you are, but its finding a balance of what they want. I'm not in my space out on stage doing my own music. I'm in their space and on their show and I want to give them what they are looking for. I think I'm a little in my head about it and being cautious. I'm not as open as I usually am, but I'm working on it.
It wasn't easy being announced as in jeopardy last week. No one likes to be on the bottom of the leader board, so that is, like, “Ugh.” That's the only way I can put it: “Ugh.” But it really motivated me to get back in the rehearsal room and work on what I need to work on.
This week is Disney week and Gleb and I are doing a Finding Dory-themed Vienesse waltz to Sia's “Unforgettable.”
Disney might not be the first thing people think of when they think of me, but you have to remember that everyone is a complex human being. No one is just one way all the time. I grew up loving disney movies and love going to the park, so this is not a stretch.
But don't expect a fish costume or anything. It's a slow, more controlled dance. It's definitely tricky, but there are some really beautiful parts to it. It's a very elegant, intimate and sensitive dance that focuses on the emotional connection between you and your partner. It will be really sweeping and pretty and romantic.
I think the judges have been looking for the softer, more feminine and vulnerable side of my personality, and I think that's what we aim to give them this week. I hope that comes across!
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Amanda Bynes wants to make two things crystal clear.
On Tuesday, the actor took to Twitter to shoot down claims they are engaged and pregnant.
“I am not getting married and I am not pregnant,” Bynes, 30, tweeted in response to a fake Twitter account that posted an image of a woman (who looks like Bynes) getting an ultrasound.
“I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down,” the former child star continued.
I am not @persianla27. I am not getting married and I am not pregnant. I don't understand why Twitter won't take @persianla27 down. — amanda bynes (@amandabynes) February 14, 2017
I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down. — amanda bynes (@amandabynes) February 14, 2017
Bynes' last tweets were in August 2016 when they reprimanded the same fake account and urged Twitter to delete it.
That same month, they surprised their 3.3 million fans and followers when they took to Twitter to share updates on their life post-Hollywood. “I've been really busy at FIDM, and I just finished my midterms,” Bynes wrote at the time.
These past two years, they have shifted their focus from acting to their budding fashion career. After a turbulent few years, Bynes has rarely made public appearances but was photographed for the first time in months in December.
The Chickasaw County Board of Supervisors have heard from its insurance company and decided during a Friday morning meeting to begin advertising for a medical examiner investigator position.This has been discussed since the retirement of previous Medical Examiner Investigator Ken Rasing, and the county had no plan ready.The board went on to discuss covering its medical examiner investigator with county insurance or asking them or them to find their own liability insurance.Supervisor Dave Tilkes wondered if the county would lose candidates looking at the MEI position by asking the person to find their or their own insurance.Former ambulance service owner Jim Cook informed the board that if they ask their MEI to find their own insurance, the MEI will just ask for reimbursement from the county for that insurance.“It's the only way it would work,” said Cook.Cook also suggested to the board that they feel it would be the easiest and cheapest way to go with a part-time, on-call person.Supervisor Jake Hackman agreed and suggested paying $150 per case for the Medical Examiner Investigator.For the complete story see the 4/18/2017 New Hampton Tribune.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
May 3 Econocom Group SA:
* Announces an agreement to acquire 100 pct of the BIS Group and continues its targeted investments strategy with JTRS in the UK and LP Digital in France
* Buys a 40 pct stake in JTRS, an Apple and Google partner for digital solutions in education sector in UK
* Buys 100 pct of LP Digital in France, a digital strategy consulting firm, through its satellite Alter Way Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Bank of England is seen in the City of London, Britain, February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Fast-rising inflation and growing talk of tighter monetary policy from the Bank of England may spell the end of a winning streak for British gilts, among the best performers in major government bond markets this year.
Yields on 20- and 30-year gilts neared five-month lows on Monday, contrasting with short-dated yields which last week notched up their biggest one-week rise since early January as inflation sailed past the BoE's 2 percent target.
Such low yields -- resulting from bond price rises -- for long-dated paper in part reflect doubt about how Britain's economy will perform after the country leaves the European Union and therefore the ultimate outlook for inflation and interest rates.
Only Japan, still struggling to generate sustained inflation, has a flatter yield curve than Britain's among major economies. Britain's yield curve is at its flattest since October, with the gap between two- and 30-year gilt yields standing at around just 157 basis points.
But many strategists think the inflation burn is being underestimated and that yields will rise. Real or inflation adjusted long-term yields, assuming the BoE meets its 2 percent target over that time, are negative out to 50 years.
The latest Reuters poll of economists predicts consumer price inflation will near 3 percent late this year -- but previous bouts of high inflation in 2008 and 2011 suggest this may be a conservative estimate.
"The gilts market is the biggest (yield) steepening trade we could bet on right now," Kevin Gaynor, head of international research at Nomura, told a fixed income roundtable earlier this month. "The inflation picture is going to be much worse than expected."
Rising inflation is usually bad news for bonds, which fall in value as interest rates rise.
A Reuters poll published last week suggested the 10-year gilt yield will rise to around 1.67 percent in a year's time from 1.175 percent now. But some strategists thought 2.0 percent or higher is likely. [US/INT]
One Bank of England policymaker, Kristin Forbes, voted to raise rates this month because of growing inflationary pressures and others said they were close to joining them -- although the majority view was to tolerate above-target inflation for now.
Britain isn't the only advanced economy where economic data and inflation numbers are prompting investors to reassess the monetary policy outlook. The European Central Bank has said its sense of urgency to prop up euro zone growth is over and money markets have started to factor in a rate rise in the bloc by year-end. The U.S. Federal Reserve hiked rates on March 15 after a string of hawkish comments from officials that triggered a rapid turnaround in expectations for a move this month. But the inflation outlook for Britain looks particularly acute, with a rise in energy prices compounded by the pound's near-20 percent fall against the dollar since June's Brexit vote.
Last month consumer prices rose 2.3 percent year-on-year, faster than expected.
VULNERABLE Gilts are one of the only major bond markets globally to deliver positive returns this year. Ten-year yields are down 7 basis points this year. That compares with a rise of almost 20 bps in German and Swiss yields, while U.S. and Japanese yields are little changed from where they ended 2016. For some bond fund managers, Brexit risks and the uncertainty hanging over the economy remain a reason to hold onto gilts. Bonds often benefit from an environment where investors view economic growth prospects as weak. "I do think they offer a good hedge to Brexit risks," said David Zahn, a portfolio manager who runs Franklin Templeton's European fixed income strategies, which total around 2 billion euros ($2.2 billion). But some temporary factors that have supported gilt prices recently are likely to fade.
The BoE has completed its gilt purchases as part of its "sledgehammer" stimulus plan designed to counter the shock of June's Brexit vote.
Overseas central banks and sovereign wealth funds devoured gilts late last year to top up sterling portfolios battered in dollar terms by the pound's post-Brexit vote plunge, but BoE data for January hinted at a reversal of this trend.
Pension funds have also been big buyers of gilts recently.
Official data show gilt holdings by insurers and pension funds stood at about 28 percent of the total in the third quarter of 2016 - the highest proportion since the final quarter of 2011.
But such funds, which need a fixed income stream to match payouts, typically make extra purchases of gilts to invest unallocated funds ahead of the end of the British financial year in April. "The BoE has finished buying and we're coming out of Q1 - which potentially means (pension fund) buying is set to tail off," said Société Générale rates strategist Jason Simpson.
"This, to me, leaves long-dated gilts looking vulnerable".
(Graphics by Nigel Stephenson and Alasdair Pal; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
President Donald Trump signed the "Right to Try Act" Wednesday, a measure aimed at helping terminally ill patients access drug treatments that are yet to be fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
Trump, at a White House ceremony surrounded by patients and families who will be affected by the legislation, said their administration "worked hard on this" but said repeatedly they didn't understand why it hadn't been done before.
The bill will give terminally ill patients the right to seek drug treatments that remain in clinical trials and "have passed Phase 1 of the Food and Drug Administration's approval process" but have not been fully approved by the FDA. Some opponents of the bill argue that the legislation won't change much but could have a detrimental effect on how the FDA safeguards public health.
Trump said they think "hundreds of thousands" could be saved as a result of the legislation.
"With the passage of this bill, Americans will be able to seek cures," Trump said adding they will finally be given "the right to try."
"I would not be here today without the tireless efforts of dedicated members of Congress," Trump said, specifically pointing out Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, Sen. Joe Donnelly, D-Indiana, Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick, R-Pennsylvania, and Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas.
"Thanks to you the countless American lives with ultimately be saved," Trump said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLYMOUTH, Pa. -- A pregnant cat is recovering after someone shot them in the leg over the weekend – yet another act of animal cruelty in a Pennsylvania borough where residents are trying to track down the person responsible.
The friendly shorthaired cat named Pandora had already lost a lot of blood before they were found near an intersection in Plymouth Saturday, according to WNEP. They were rushed to Pittston Animal Hospital where Dr. Inayat Kathio and the veterinary staff managed to save their lives.
"(The) bullet…fractured the cat's long bone and a tendon and cut some blood vessels," Dr. Kathio explained. "It was infected, too, and if I didn't perform surgery, gangrene would've set in and the cat would have lost its leg and ultimately lost its life."
Dr. Kathio, who did emergency surgery on Pandora, is offering a $1,000 reward for more information on who shot Pandora.
"Do you realize the pain when the bullet hits bone and hit the tendon?" Dr. Kathio said. "The animal can feel the pain like we can feel the pain."
Dr. Kathio told WNEP they have treated six cats suffering from gunshot wounds this year, including three from Plymouth. They hope the reward will lead to justice for Pandora and the other cats.
"One was shot with an arrow from here, came out from the other side. Another cat's jaw was blown off."
Meet Pandora, found this weekend under a car with a bullet in their leg. After life-saving surgery this pregnant cat is recovering in Luzerne County.
Now there's a $1,000 reward for info. Full story later. pic.twitter.com/GZYodD16I3 — Allen Vickers (@AllenWNEP) May 29, 2018
Mary Fromel and Jeff Hollock are a part of "Whisker's World," a nonprofit animal rescue group. They were visiting family when they first saw the cat under a car.
"I stretched the leg out to see what kind of wound it was and the light so happened to catch a bullet sticking out of the leg," Fromel said.
The cat was found just under a car next to a tan brick wall on Parrish Street.
"I am angry," said Mary Fromel. "I am very angry that someone would go to this extent to harm an animal."
Pandora continues their post-surgery recovery at Pittston Animal Hospital, and Dr. Kathio said she's already able to walk, despite the severe injury.
Officials with Whisker's World tell WNEP they along with the SPCA are investigating this incident.
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week.
Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era, Canadian-shot fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven Golden Globe nominations Monday, while the Canadian-directed HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television categories with six nods.
In what's been seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind “The Shape of Water,” including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post,” with six nominations, including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama “All the Money in the World.” Acclaimed Canadian actor Christopher Plummer, who replaced Kevin Spacey in the film just last month, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actor.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
The nominees for best picture drama are: the tender young romance “Call Me By Your Name,” Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk,” ”The Post,” ”The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
“The Shape of Water” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton.
Related: The Handmaid's Tale, Veep win top Emmy Award prizes
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: James Franco's “The Disaster Artist,” Jordan Peele's horror sensation “Get Out,” Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age tale “Lady Bird,” the upcoming musical “The Greatest Showman,” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “I, Tonya.”
Despite considerable backlash, “Get Out” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes. It was submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy, calling their social critique of latent racism “a documentary.” Though the Globes passed over Peele's script, newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”) and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) were among the 30 film acting nominees.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies,” which is directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee, earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.)
Other nominees with Canadian connections include Toronto-born “Will and Grace” star Eric McCormack for best actor in a musical or comedy series, the Canadian co-production “The Breadwinner” for best animated film and the Alberta-shot series “Fargo” for TV's best limited series or motion picture. “The Handmaid's Tale,” based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood's acclaimed novel, also received several nominations, including the best television drama.
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored several nods, including the best comedy series. Also with numerous nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” and NBC's “This Is Us.”
Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. It's been an omnipresent component of this year's awards season, including Monday. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's “Today” show, where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for their Winston Churchill in “Darkest Hour,” said it's cast an unusual pall over the season.
“How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony,” said Oldman by phone Monday. “It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium. It's not something to joke about, I don't think.”
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighbourhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners — “Moonlight” and “La La Land” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with “Moonlight” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 per cent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before their inauguration, leading them to criticize the actor as “overrated.” This year, they — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama, “The Post,” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
___
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen, and The Canadian Press contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
Jake Coyle, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
B.C. Civil Liberties Association, IIO B.C. and Complaints Commission for the RCMP to host lessons
A series of workshops about British Columbian's rights when deadling with the RCMP are heading to the north, led by three organizations that often act as “watchdogs” of police.
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association, along with the Independent Investigations Office of B.C. (IIO) and Complaints Commission for the RCMP will tour through Terrace, Smithers and Prince George, offering two hour workshops to community members.
There, residents will learn about the rights they have when interacting with police in B.C., as well as information on what each organization does.
The workshops come about one year after results of a review of RCMP in Northern B.C. was released by the federal complaints commission, which found that there was a perception of RCMP bias against Indigenous people and a lack of trust in Mounties throughout the region.
The report also found issued with policy compliance by RCMP oicers, and the need for more robust training and supervision.
“These problems are not insignificant, as they directly affect RCMP accountability,” commission chairperson Ian McPhail said in the report.
“By raising awareness of the commission and its mandate, and taking a more direct involvement in the investigation of public complaints, we hope to improve public confidence in both the RCMP and the public complaint process.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Philippine Children's Medical Center chief Julius Lecciones says the hospital made the procurement only upon the order of then Health Secretary Janette Garin
Published 3:53 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Julius Lecciones, executive director of the Philippine Children's Medical Center (PCMC), was put on the hot seat for signing the procurement papers for P3 billion worth of Dengvaxia dengue vaccine.
Lecciones, during the Senate probe into the controversial dengue vaccination program on Monday, December 11, said that it was the PCMC, not the Department of Health (DOH), that bought the Dengvaxia doses.
Senate blue ribbon panel chairperson Richard Gordon asked Lecciones to make the confirmation after ex-DOH chief Janette Garin said it was the PCMC who oversaw the procurement.
Lecciones agreed, but they said they only did it upon the orders of Garin herself.
The program, launched by the DOH under Garin in 2016, is now embroiled in controversy, after pharmaceuticals company Sanofi Pasteur said its product could lead to a more severe case of dengue when administered on a person who had not been infected by the virus before. The program is currently suspended.
Gordon wondered why Lecciones agreed to buy the risky vaccine.
“Pumayag ka na lang agad? Di ka nagtanong? (You just agreed? You didn't even ask questions?)” the senator asked. (READ: Gordon says Dengvaxia approval 'too fast,' hints possible 'conspiracy')
“Nagtanong ako kung saan mapupunta ‘yong P3 billion. Sabi doon nga po sa program ng anti-dengue,” was Lecciones' reply.
(I asked where the P3 billion will go. I was told it would go to the anti-dengue program.)
Gordon then asked the PCMC head if they were aware that the Formulary Executive Council (FEC) only allowed a limited use of the dengue vaccine manufactured by French company Sanofi Pasteur.
The FEC is a panel of medical experts that determines drugs that may or may not be bought by the government. All drugs the government can buy are listed in the National Formulary. (READ: Mass use of dengue vaccine had no backing of DOH medical experts)
In certain cases, the FEC may issue a certificate of exemption from the National Formulary for a drug, meaning the government may only procure the said drug within the timeframe specified by the FEC.
The FEC issued a certificate for exemption for Dengvaxia, but only recommended a “phased” implementation and a “staged” procurement. Garin did not follow this by pushing through with the national vaccination program.
Lecciones said they “was not aware” of the FEC's conditions for the certificate of exemption.
Gordon then told him, “In other words, you were reckless.”
Garin, however, believed there was no anomaly behind PCMC's procurement of the vaccine. They said there was no hint of corruption among PCMC's bids and awards committee members when they undertook the procurement process for Dengvaxia.
A total of P3.5 billion was allotted for the dengue vaccination program, launched during the time of ex-president Benigno Aquino and continued during President Rodrigo Duterte's term until its suspension last December 1.
Of that budget, only P3 billion was used by the PCMC. Duque said the remaining P500 million remains in the DOH's funds. – Rappler.com
May 3 Amarin Corporation Plc
* Amarin reports first quarter 2017 financial results and provides update on operations
* Q1 loss per share $0.08
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.07 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Amarin corporation plc - re-affirms guidance on full year net product revenues of between $155 and $165 million
* Amarin corporation plc - reduce-it cardiovascular outcomes trial continues to progress on schedule
* Amarin - expects onset of final primary cardiovascular event near end of 2017, with report of top-line results, publications in 2018 for reduce-it trial
* Fy2017 revenue view $165.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Amarin corporation plc - currently estimate that co will report results of reduce-it in mid-2018, assuming study goes to completion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The awards season is expected to be overshadowed this year by the sexual misconduct scandal engulfing the movie industry
Published 10:56 PM, December 11, 2017
LOS ANGELES, USA – "The Shape of Water," Guillermo del Toro's fairy tale romance, led the Golden Globe nominations on Monday, December 11, with seven nods, including for best motion picture drama and actor Sally Hawkins.
"The Post" and "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" followed with six nods and coming-of-age film "Lady Bird" got four nominations.
The announcements will give the nominees a welcome boost going into the race for March's Oscars, with the influential Screen Actors Guild nominations to come later this week.
The awards season is expected to be overshadowed this year by the sexual misconduct scandal engulfing the movie industry.
The other best motion picture drama nominees are "Call Me By Your Name," another coming-of-age tale, World War II thriller "Dunkirk," media drama "The Post" and "Three Billboards."
Although more high-profile than the SAGs, the Golden Globes are seen as less of an indicator of Oscars glory, as a relatively small group of non-US journalists – the Hollywood Foreign Press Association – chooses the winners, rather than the industry itself.
On the television front, HBO drama "Big Little Lies" – already rewarded with several Emmys – led with six nominations.
FX anthology series "Feud: Bette and Joan" was close behind with four nominations, while "Fargo," "The Handmaid's Tale" and "This is Us" grabbed three each.
HBO comfortably led the television nominations with 12.
The 75th Golden Globe Awards will take place in Beverly Hills on January 7, with talk show host Seth Meyers presenting. – Rappler.com
AIR BUDDY We'll Never Be As Happy As This Dog Jumping To See Their Owner Coming Home
"I see you! Wait, you're gone. I see you again! WAIT, where'd you go? Oh! There you are!"
The 76ers made six straight 3-point attempts in the second quarter but made just one of their 14 shots from beyond the arc during the second half.
After the 76ers did not commit a turnover in the first quarter, they finished with 18 total turnovers, including seven in the fourth quarter alone.
"It has been an up-and-down season for us. We're just trying to find balance and be consistent," Embiid said. "We're still learning a lot, but being young should never be an excuse, so (we've) got to keep on working."
TIP-INS
76ers: Four of Philadelphia's five starters scored in double figures. Philadelphia's entire starting unit has scored in double figures 17 times this season. . Simmons has scored at least 10 points in 40 of the 76ers' 49 games this season. . The 76ers have now lost four straight road games.
Pacers: Nate McMillan returned to the Pacers bench after missing Friday's game in Charlotte due to personal reasons. . Indiana has now won six straight at home.
TOUGH NIGHT
After recording a double-double in a win against Memphis on Wednesday (15 points, 11 rebounds) and a double-double in a loss to Charlotte on Friday (19 points, 11 rebounds), Myles Turner found themselves in foul trouble early against Philadelphia and missed much of the first half. Turner finished the game with no points, three rebounds and two assists.
DOUBLE TROUBLE
Embiid recorded their fifth consecutive double-double. Despite the organization's concerns regarding Embiid and back-to-back contests, Philadelphia's All-Star centre was glad to be on the floor for both games.
"I'm happy that I finally got to play in a back-to-back, but I wish we'd gotten the win. Overall, though, I felt great. I wasn't tired, my legs were fine, my body was fine," Embiid said.
UP NEXT
76ers: Host Washington on Tuesday.
Pacers: Host Washington on Monday.
By Corey Elliot, The Associated Press
The twins have names!
Kym Johnson Herjavec and husband Robert‘s newborn babies — a son and a daughter, whom they welcomed on Monday — are named Haven Mae Herjavec and Hudson Robert Herjavec, Herjavec revealed on Instagram Tuesday alongside a close-up photo of the adorable pair.
“Welcome to the world Hudson Robert Herjavec & Haven Mae Herjavec — it's great out here!” the Shark Tank star, 55, captioned the sweet image. “May you always know love, peace, and grace in your lives. May your dreams have no bounds and your spirit be strong.”
A source shares with PEOPLE exclusively about the birth, “Robert and Kym are so excited. And thrilled and happy about their yummy babies!”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED: Kym Johnson Herjavec Opens Up About Them IVF “Miracle” Twins, Who Are Due Any Day Now
Per a Monday photo caption on Johnson Herjavec's Instagram account, Hudson and Haven were born one minute apart, at 7:44 a.m. and 7:45 a.m.
The Dancing with the Stars pro, 41, wrote alongside the snap of their husband holding their twins, “I never thought my heart could feel so full. We're so in love with our little angels.”
Echoed Herjavec (who's also a father of three children from a previous marriage) on their post of the same photo, “So in love with our little angels.”
Jason LaVeris/Getty
RELATED VIDEO: Kym Johnson Herjavec and Robert Herjavec Reveal They're Having a Boy and a Girl
Johnson Herjavec previously revealed to fans and followers on April 1 that the couple were expecting a son and daughter during their baby shower that was attended by fellow DWTS pro Cheryl Burke and hosted by pal and RuPaul's Drag Race judge Carson Kressley.
In December, the parents-to-be revealed that they were expecting two babies after Johnson Herjavec confirmed their pregnancy with a too-cute ultrasound photo featuring one of their unborn children flashing a thumbs-up gesture.
BUSINESS NEWS
The Great Bend Recreation Commission will be hosting a free Stop ‘N Learn Session titled, “Perennial Flowers” on Wednesday, April 25th, from 12:00 – 1:00 pm at the Great Bend Activity Center (2715 18th St.). If you have a tough site for planting, no problem! Plant perennials. These faithful bloomers are perfect plant partners in any garden. We'll also have a few of the latest perennials on hand for you to see. Please bring any questions you may have about growing flowers. Kelly Moeder will be the presenter for this program. For more information, call the Recreation Commission office at 793-3755 ext. 3 or e-mail us at recreation@gbrec.net.
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday they faced a "tight" timetable to negotiate the terms on which the country will leave the European Union in two years' time.
Asked in parliament about how they could guarantee certainty for businesses after Brexit, May confirmed they planned to convert existing EU law into British legislation to ensure continuity in the immediate period after Brexit.
"It is a tight timetable to get the agreement for our future relationship," they said. "There will need to be implementation periods so that we can ensure that is then put into practice in a way that makes practical sense for business, and indeed for governments."
May filed formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, pitching Britain into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the EU's cohesion.
(Reporting by David Milliken; editing by Stephen Addison)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
MAINEVILLE, Ohio – A police officer in Ohio who accidentally shocked a firefighter with a Taser has made amends with cake.
The Hamilton Township Police Department in Maineville, Ohio, outside Cincinnati, posted the story on its Facebook page on Saturday.
“Ofc. Workman was assisting our FD on an EMS call. When they arrived at the hospital an altercation ensued with the patient in the life squad,” the post read.
The police department said Workman used their Taser to subdue the person but accidentally shocked firefighter Rickey Wagoner.
So, as one does in these situations, the officer gave Wagoner a cake that said, “Sorry I tased you!”
It seemed to have smoothed things over.
March 19, 2018
This is the last time I will say this sentence: Welcome to Week 344 of this feature. There, I finally got it off my chest. Of course, next week I'll say pretty much the same thing, except it'll be Number 345. I'm glad I was able to clarify that for you. Now, if the rest of this week's effort lives up to the high literary standard established in the previous lines, I'll be a happy man. Oh, by the way, this week's outburst is made possible in part by a generous grant from the Who Do They Think He's Fooling? Association.
We had a mini-emergency at the house this week. My wife got a new cell phone (with two-year contract, of course) and they asked me where they should file the contract. Since I don't remember where we've filed statements of this nature in the past, I said, “oh, just put it in our Important Household Papers File.”
They went upstairs to the Secret Repository of the File. The file, by the way, is a three-ring binder of papers familiar to most long-married homeowners: mortgage info, insurance stuff, you know, the usual suspects. They were back in a couple of minutes.
“Huh,” they said, a puzzled look on their face. “I can't find it.”
“Can't find it?” I echoed. “Just look in the usual place. It's gotta be there.”
“It's not,” they asserted firmly. “I'll look again, but I don't think my eyes are lying.”
They were back in a minute. “Nowhere to be found,” they declared. ‘How about some help?”
The search was on. We checked the upstairs closet, the desk drawers, (in several desks) under the computers, in a file cabinet, you name it.
We couldn't find the doggone thing, but a few other things were resurrected:
“Look at this,” they chuckled. “A Louisiana road map.” Our daughter lived for a few years in Louisiana. Don't ask them for details. She'd rather not talk about it.
“Well, we can toss that,” I said. “Oh, here are some old insurance policies from companies that were gobbled up by other companies back in the ‘80s. And how ‘bout this: unused checks from First National Bank.” (You may recall, First Nat was the big ol' bank on the corner of Lakin and Kansas, where Cinema Six is now.)
“Oh, check this, you sentimental sweetie, you,” they said, looking at a hand-written Valentine note from 1981. They had apparently been suffering from a cold on V-Day, because the last words of my little rhyme were “post-nasal drip left far behind.” Yeah, I am a bit of a romanticist.
Well, we called off the search for the elusive ring binder and decided to resume it after supper. I went down to the basement to get the leftover chicken out of the basement fridge. I set the heavy crockpot on the washer so I could go back and close the fridge door. Something about being in that area triggered a brain flash.
Of course! The ring binder was in our little tornado shelter cubbyhole under the basement stairs next to the dryer. We took it down there last May when we had a few nights of nasty weather.
All's well that ends well. The cell phone contract is in the file, where it most likely never be looked at again. Now I'm just trying to remember if I closed that fridge door in the basement.
Let's check the mailbox from last week…
Terry was in first again with the answer to the Three Stooges/Main Street business question. Yes, it was Howard's Apparel, Howard being Moe's last name in the Stooges. Justin got that one as well.
A breakthrough on the former SNL star who occasionally played a goofy lounge singer! Randall had it first: Bill Murray. Justin had it too, a day or two later.
The 1970's men casual suit question had a lot of action. Congrats to Bruce, Roger, Justin and Eldon respectively. You're right: the classic ‘leisure suit,' often in garish colors, and of course, always featuring the huge collar. And if you were really hip, you'd have matching white belt and shoes. Once in a while you will still see this ‘look' on someone at a wedding dance or other big function.
Justin took a shot at the upper Midwest town that helped popularize ski jumping question. They went with Westby, Wisconsin, which DOES have a great skiing tradition, but I'm thinking of a city in Upper Michigan, specifically in Marquette County. Ah, back to the old Rand-McNally.
So, that question is still open (and I thought someone would get it when I introduced it during the Olympics) as is the music question, to wit: in what car song does the driver say they were so far in front of the other racers that they just took their car out of gear and coasted to the finish line?
New questions! What is another reason that ‘ski town' in Michigan (see above) is important to our cultural history? Hint: the silver screen.
Why does the occasional German family visit Concordia, KS?
US WW2 submarines had a ‘hull number' and a name. What did their names have in common?
Okay, one more: What President should have taken Mom's advice about wearing a hat and coat in lousy weather?
Well, our weather is turning for the better. I had an inch-and-a-half in my gauge this morning. Nice!
Enjoy your week and we'll visit again here in seven days or thereabouts.
John
April 10 Endo International Plc
* Endo International PLC announces proposed private offering of senior secured notes
* Intends to use net proceeds to repay all outstanding loans, all other obligations under its existing credit facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A Filipino soldier patrols at the shore of Pagasa island (Thitu Island) in the Spratly group of islands in the South China Sea, west of Palawan, Philippines, May 11, 2015. REUTERS/Ritchie B. Tongo/Pool/File Photo/File Photo
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Monday their order to the military to reinforce areas in the South China Sea controlled by Manila was to maintain the geopolitical balance, and assured China no "offensive weapons" would be placed there.
Duterte said the Philippines wanted peace and friendship with China but their country needed to bolster what territory it had in the Spratly archipelago because "everybody's grabbing" islands and reefs in the disputed waterway.
The maverick former mayor set off alarm bells on Thursday, including in Beijing, when they said they had ordered troops to occupy uninhabited islets and shoals that the Philippines claims in the Spratly Islands.
Philippine officials later said plans were to upgrade existing facilities and not occupy new territories.
"I'd like to address myself to the Chinese government... I ordered the occupation of the 10 or nine islands that are just near our shores because there's a heightening of geopolitical issues and eventually maybe a violent low-intensity war over here," they told a news conference on Monday.
They said the Philippines would not engage in any military buildup, but indicated the United States would.
China claims most of the South China Sea through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes annually. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims.
Duterte has turned Philippine foreign policy upside down by making overtures towards China and fiercely rebuking traditional ally the United States. Duterte wants China to be a major investor in the Philippines.
Duterte puts the blame for current maritime tensions squarely on Washington, for not intervening to stop China building and arming artificial islands in the Philippines' exclusive economic zone.
"If they fight each other, we will be hit. Everybody knows, the United States will be stockpiling their weapons there. And, they said they will not," they said, without elaborating.
"I do not want to get involved in a war between nations. I have extended my hand and friendship to the U.S. government."
They seldom criticises China for its actions in the South China Sea and stressed on Monday that any future Philippine activities in the Spratlys would not be hostile.
"For the information of China, we will not place there any offensive weapons, not even one gun," they said.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a regular briefing there was "close and effective communication" between Beijing and Manila.
"We hope the Philippines can move forward with China and continue to appropriately handle disputes and create a good atmosphere," they said.
(Reporting by Martin Petty, Neil Jerome Morales and Michael Martina; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Tuesday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
POLITICS
Rome, EU Parliament President Antonio Tajani attends conference on "Between Italy and the U.S., Reforms, Protection, Development" (0800 GMT).
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases January industry orders and sales data (0800 GMT).
Assogestioni releases February fund flows data.
DEBT
The Italian Treasury said on Monday it would issue new BTP, CCTeu and CTZ bonds expiring, respectively, in June 2020, October 2024 and May 2019 in the second quarter of the year.
Treasury sells 2.0-2.5 billion euros CTZ bonds due Dec. 28, 2018. Subscriptions close at 0900 GMT.
COMPANIES
TELECOM ITALIA
Adviser Rothschild has already spoken to more than 20 players interested in investing in the unit Telecom Italia is setting up to look after its broadband business in non-economically viable areas in Italy, Il Sole 24 Ore said. It will then draw up a shorter list next week and select a financial partner to buy a majority stake before summer. Macquarie, Qatar fund QIA and Italian fund F2i are interested, it said. (*) Vivendi, Telecom Italia's main shareholder, is thinking of asking for the board to be reduced to 15 members from the present 16 as it prepares its slate of candidates, several papers said. Some of them report rumours of a possible appointment of business person Luca Cordero di Montezemolo as chairperson, rumours downplayed by the business person himself.
Top management due to speak on new corporate structure before Senate Public Works Committee (1230 GMT). (*) MEDIASET
Vivendi, Mediaset's No 2 investor, is looking for an agreement in its spat with main owner Berlusconi but the Italian broadcaster is seeking to introduce a loyalty share voting scheme.
Mediaset chairperson Fedele Confalonieri will attend a hearing at the communications watchdog on Tuesday, Il Sole 24 Ore said.
(*) INTESA SANPAOLO
In its bid for Italian steel group ILVA, Arcelor Mittal is ready to open its consortium, which includes Intesa Sanpaolo, to state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, the Arcelor CEO said in an interview in La Repubblica.
(*) BANCO BPM
The bank has started the process to sell 700 million euros of guaranteed non-performing loans with around 20 players interested in the deal, Il Messaggero said. The reorganisation of unit Aletti to hold the group's private banking business has also begun, it said.
(*) IL SOLE 24 ORE
The publisher will launch a capital increase worth 30 million euros and will covert 40 million euros of debt into shares, Il Messaggero said citing restructuring plan prepared by adviser Vitale & Co.
Chairman Giorgio Fossa speaks before Chamber of Deputies Finance, Culture and Industry committees (1000 GMT).
(*) SAVE
French fund InfraVia and an infrastructural fund of Deutsche Bank could launch a takeover on the airport operator at 20 euros a share, Il Messaggero reported.
SNAM
A top Italian court on Monday gave the green light to build a strategic pipeline bringing central Asian gas into Europe, rejecting appeals by local authorities in southern Italy who wanted to move the landfall. Snam is a shareholder of TAP. In an interview in Il Messaggero EU energy commissioner Maros Sefcovic said they were not concerned about delays of the project.
ENEL
Officials speak before Chamber of Deputies Finance and Industry committees (1100 GMT).
UNICREDIT
Inaugurates 'SubitoCasa' real estate project with Director General Gianni Franco Papa in Milan (1530 GMT).
BANCA CARIGE
Annual general meeting (0830 GMT).
BANCA IFIS
Business unit presents "Made in Italy, Make it digital: are you ready to play?" (1000 GMT).
BANCA POPOLARE VICENZA IPO-BPVS.MI, VENETO BANCA
Board meetings of the banks as a settlement offer to their shareholders aimed at staving off the risk of lawsuits concludes (1130 GMT).
TPS
Debuts on AIM segment.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
East Tennessee is known for its natural beauty and wildlife. Even the old-growth trees in the region will be getting some notice soon in the form of a famous ecologist and writer coming to East Tennessee State University on Wed. March 21.
Dr. Joan Maloof is a writer, ecologist, and conservationist who has studied and worked with plants their entire life.
 They are a retired professor from the Salisbury University in Maryland where they taught biological sciences and environmental studies.  They are founder and chair of the board of the Old-Growth Forest Network in Easton, Maryland, an organization that works to create a network of protected forests across the United States.
Additionally, Maloof has authored “Teaching the Trees: Lessons from the Forest,” “Among the Ancients: Adventures in the Eastern Old-Growth Forests” and “Nature's Temples: The Complex World of Old-Growth Forests,” among numerous other works.
Maloof has their own wikipedia page, has been written about in national publications, like the Washington Post, and has their own website.
The person responsible for their upcoming visit to Etsu is Dr. Scott Honeycutt, a professor at the university. Both Honeycutt and Dr. Kevin O'Donnell, a professor who has been at ETSU for 23 years, are fans of their writings.
O'Donnell provided some backstory on the old-growth forests that were once prominent in the Eastern U.S. and our region.
“Most of the Eastern U.S. used to be covered in big trees -the forest primeval- and Appalachia had the greatest trees of all, because of our region's botanical diversity, long growing season, and high rainfall. Our region is still known worldwide for its trees,” said O'Donnell.
“But at the end of the 19th century, which is a period I'm interested in, northern capitalists developed industrial logging equipment and the financial instruments for large scale natural resource extraction. Then they cut down the old growth, the great Appalachian Forest, in about a human generation -40 years or so. There are only a few small patches left, including in and near the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.”
According to O'Donnell, ETSU has one of these forests, which could be considered remnants, right in our backyard. This 22-acre forest is called University Woods, and is located south of the Culp Center, on the other side of the railroad bypass.
“There are some gorgeous old trees up there, including 200+ year old white oaks, plus yellow buckeyes and tulip poplars,” they said. “This could possibly be categorized as an old growth remnant. It certainly was not logged heavily, the way most Appalachian forests were, back in the day. So, from the perspective of tree lovers, this area is really a prize, a special place.”
According to O'Donnell the goal of this event is to raise awareness about the University Woods, and help students and community members learn about trees, and about the environmental history of our region.
Being both a professor of English in the Department of Literature and Language and director of Environmental Studies, O'Donnell has their own take on the connection between the two subjects.
“There are longstanding and profound connections between environment and literature, especially in America in the past 200 years,” they said. “Some of our most important American authors and voices bridge these two areas. Barbara Kingsolver, Wendell Berry, Elizabeth Kolbert, Annie Dillard- to name just a few- all of these people have both English degrees and science degrees.”
The event will start at 1:40 p.m. with a walk starting at the gazebo at the end of parking lot no. 13. At this time Maloof will give their assessment of the woods. At 7 p.m. they will give their talk in the East Tennessee Room on the third floor of the D.P. Culp University Center.
For more information on the event, you can contact O'Donnell at odonell@etsu.edu. For more information on Maloof, you can visit their website at https://www.joanmaloof.com.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In the mountains of western North Carolina, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads.
Five vehicles were caught in mud on Interstate 40 Tuesday night, but no one was hurt. The main east-west route through North Carolina was closed for several hours, Gov. Cooper said.
Two Department of Transportation workers also survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, the governor said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. They gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines.
"We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain," said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham.
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed.
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 m.p.h. (147 km/h) hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Great Bend's on-call engineer from Professional Engineering Consultants says the old-school way to handling housing developments was if you are building a house adjacent to a field, to have the water drain off into the field. Josh Golka with PEC says that philosophy was evident when the Amber Meadows subdivision of housing was developed.
A serious water drainage issue will now be solved by a grading project at the newly replatted subdivision. Instead of water runoff from Amber Meadows going directly into Veterans Lake, the pond will serve as a filter before heading south into the larger body of water.
Josh Golka Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/golka-drain.mp3
The pond will improve the situation at Vet's Lake with chemicals from neighboring yards entering the lake and potentially causing the water to be unsafe.
The engineering services agreement with PEC will consist of geotechnical work for $4,900, design of the project at $14,500, and construction phase services at $4,000 plus reimbursable items. The Great Bend City Council approved the services agreement in the amount of $23,400.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Show Me Cash' game
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Missouri Lottery's "Show Me Cash" game were:
01-07-12-13-38
(one, seven, twelve, thirteen, thirty-eight)
Estimated jackpot: $50,000
Toronto FC players celebrate a goal by midfielder Victor Vazquez (obscured) in stoppage time against the Seattle Sounders during second-half MLS Cup final soccer action in Toronto, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Led by captain Michael Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump plans to sign legislation to extend temporarily a program that gives veterans access to private-sector health care.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer says Trump will sign the bill Wednesday at the White House.
The extension will provide stopgap services while Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin develops a longer-term plan to allow veterans to more easily go outside the VA medical system for care. Under the bill, the VA will be allowed to operate its Choice program until the funding runs out.
The program is set to expire in August without the legislation, and with nearly $1 billion in the account.
The Choice program was developed after a 2014 scandal over wait times at the VA medical center in Phoenix. Some veterans died.
Pro-gov't Turkish satire magazine deletes provocative cartoon upon public outcry
Pro-government Turkish satirical magazine Misvak has removed a cartoon depicting Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and their ultranationalist ally Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) leader Devlet Bahçeli steering white Toros automobiles heading to the predominantly Kurdish northern Iraq, the Diken news website reported on Thursday.
The cartoon has Erdoğan and Bahçeli saying, “We can appear suddenly one night,” in speech bubbles, referring to Erdoğan's threat towards the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq regarding a referendum for independence it held in September. The provocative cartoon showed two cars with license plate numbers 82 KRK, referring to the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, and 83 MSL, short for the northern Iraqi city of Mosul.
Speaking at a parliamentary group meeting of their party and responding to the Kurdish referendum for independence from Iraq, Bahçeli said on Tuesday that “they,” meaning Turkey, would have the right to annex Kirkuk and Mosul as its 82nd and 83rd provinces when the time comes.
The cartoon was deleted from the website of the magazine immediately after a public outcry erupted, Turkish media reported.
After many disappearance reports from the 1980s and 1990s, Renault's Toros station wagons became a symbol of unsolved murders and kidnappings for many Turks, particularly citizens of Kurdish origin. Especially in the '90s, it was allegedly used by Gendarmerie Intelligence (JİTEM) members in Turkey's eastern and southeastern regions. There were many murder and disappearance reports from that period, and white Toros were common in a number of instances. According to witnesses reports, many Kurdish business person, some drug dealers and Kurdish opponents were abducted in these vehicles. The corpses of some of disappeared people were later found, but most of them remain missing. (turkishminute.com)
Related
PICTURE DAY FOR THE MAN ON THE MOON This Camera Zoom Is Absolutely Unbelievable
Who needs a telescope when you have a camera lens that can do *this*.
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities say a 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIL-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City, including Times Square and city's the subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege that the three men communicated through internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016.
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasaw's arrest.
The statement also says that at no time was the safety or security of the public at risk.
El Bahnasawy is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 12, 2017.
The Canadian Press
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Padres rookie Franmil Reyes is settling in, which could make opposing pitchers uneasy.
Reyes hit a two-run homer that put San Diego ahead and the Padres got a fine effort from their bullpen Tuesday night in a 9-5 victory over the Miami Marlins.
“I think that every player when you get called up to the big leagues, after the first couple of days you get comfortable,” Reyes said. “And my teammates have been great, telling me it's the same baseball everywhere so don't change anything. Be the same guy you were down in Triple-A, and that was the key.”
Eric Hosmer had three hits and the Padres won a matchup of last-place teams, handing Miami its first loss this season in a game started by Dan Straily.
Reyes, called up May 14 from the minors, connected in the sixth inning off Straily (2-1) for the rookie's third homer in six games and second in two days at Petco Park. San Diego scored four in the eighth to break the game open, with pinch-hitter Christian Villanueva producing a two-run single.
“Franmil's homer got us going again,” manager Andy Green said. “That ball was crushed. It's fun watching them get into a groove and get comfortable in the box.”
When the 6-foot-5, 275-pound Reyes was summoned from Triple-A El Paso, their 14 home runs were the most at any level in the minors. They hit 25 homers at Double-A last season.
“I think they were anxious when they showed up here and that's not surprising,” Green said. “He seems more relaxed, more at ease.”
Reyes didn't miss Straily's hanging slider.
“It was pretty clear they were probably sitting on that pitch at that point, the way they hit it and how far they hit it,” Straily said. “Tip your cap and move on. They beat me right there.”
Craig Stammen (3-0) won in relief of starter Tyson Ross. Adam Cimber worked a spotless seventh inning, Brad Hand pitched the eighth and Kirby Yates got the final three outs.
JT Riddle had an inside-the-park homer for the Marlins in the ninth.
Miami had won all five of Straily's starts this year. But they elevated a changeup to Reyes, and their drive soared into the second deck in left-center to give the Padres a 5-4 edge.
That was the end of the night for Straily, who allowed four earned runs and seven hits.
“I thought they had enough to get through that guy but they just left the ball up,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said.
Ross, who won their previous two starts, got a quick hook Green. The right-hander was decent in their 5 1/3 innings, allowing three runs, six hits and a walk. They struck out four.
The Marlins chased Ross and scored three in the sixth to take their first lead of the game, 4-3.
J.T. Realmuto's triple scored Derek Dietrich after their leadoff single. Ross struck out Justin Bour on their 87th and final pitch. Stammen came on and Brian Anderson smacked a tying single. Two batters later, J.B. Shuck's double gave the Marlins a 4-3 advantage.
The Marlins pulled to 3-1 in the fourth when Bour, who opened the inning with a double for their second hit, scored on Riddle's double-play ball.
The Padres jumped on Straily with a three-run first. Travis Jankowski, Cory Spangenberg and Hosmer opened the game with three consecutive singles.
Hosmer's hit scored Jankowski, and when the ball skipped past center fielder Lewis Brinson for an error, Spangenberg came around as well. Hosmer scored on Raffy Lopez's single.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) had their minor league rehabilitation stint halted and has returned to the club. He'll meet with a team doctor on Wednesday. … OF Wil Myers (oblique) has resumed baseball activities.
UP NEXT
Marlins: RHP Jose Urena (0-7, 4.69 ERA) makes their third career start vs. San Diego on Wednesday night after losing their first two outings against the Padres. The Marlins have dropped each of Urena's 11 starts this season and a franchise-worst 13 straight dating to last September. They have allowed four runs in each of their past two outings.
Padres: LHP Clayton Richard (3-6, 4.97) makes their team-leading 12th start in the third game of the four-game set. He's pitched well of late, going 2-2 with a 3.38 ERA in their last four outings. In three of those starts, they pitched into the eighth inning.
Padres 9, Marlins 5
Miami; San Diego;
ab;r;h;bi; ;ab;r;h;bi
Detrich lf;4;1;1;0;Jnkwski lf-rf;4;1;1;0
Ralmuto c;4;1;1;1;Spngnbr 3b;4;2;2;0
Bour 1b;4;1;2;0;Hosmer 1b;4;2;3;1
Bri.And 3b;4;1;2;1;Pirela 2b;3;2;0;0
J.Grcia p;0;0;0;0;R.Lopez c;3;1;1;2
Riddle ss;4;1;1;1;F.Reyes rf;3;1;1;2
Shuck rf;3;0;1;1;Cimber p;0;0;0;0
Conley p;0;0;0;0;Hand p;0;0;0;0
Gerrero p;0;0;0;0;Vllneva ph;1;0;1;2
Rojas 3b;1;0;1;0;Makita p;0;0;0;0
Brinson cf;4;0;1;0;Yates p;0;0;0;0
Y.Rvera 2b;3;0;0;0;Galvis ss;4;0;0;0
Straily p;2;0;0;0;Margot cf;4;0;1;0
Maybin rf;2;0;0;0;Ross p;1;0;0;0
Stammen p;0;0;0;0
Szczur lf;2;0;0;0
Totals; 35;5;10;4;Totals; 33;9;10;7
Miami;000;103;001;—;5
San Diego;300;002;04x;—;9
E_Brinson 2 (4). DP_Miami 1, San Diego 2. LOB_Miami 4, San Diego 3. 2B_Bour (4), Shuck (1), Hosmer (17). 3B_Realmuto (2). HR_Riddle (1), F.Reyes (3). S_Ross (1).<
IP;H;R;ER;BB;SO
Miami
Straily L,2-1;5;2-3;7;5;4;0;4
Conley;1;1-3;0;0;0;0;3
Guerrero;0;2;4;3;2;0
Garcia;1;1;0;0;0;1
San Diego
Ross;5;1-3;6;3;3;1;4
Stammen W,3-0 BS,2;2-3;2;1;1;0;1
Cimber H,3;1;0;0;0;0;1
Hand H,1;1;0;0;0;0;2
Makita;0;2;1;1;0;0
Yates;1;0;0;0;0;1
Guerrero pitched to 4 batters in the 8th
Umpires_Home, Jim Wolf; First, Ryan Blakney; Second, Alfonso Marquez; Third, D.J. Reyburn.
T_3:02. A_16,321 (42,445).
https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_San-Dieo-Padres-WEB-12.jpg
By Jay Paris Associated Press
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Two men are in custody this morning after a major drugs seizure in Dublin worth almost a quarter of a million euro.
These drugs were found during searches of two houses by the Garda National Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau in Swords yesterday.
The drugs are worth around €248,000.
12 kg of cannabis and a half kilogramme of amphetamine were recovered during the operation.
10 kg of suspected mixing agent and an amount of cash were also seized.
The searches came as part of an intelligence-led operation, targeting the drug trafficking activities of an organised crime gang.
Two men - aged 32 and 37 - have been arrested and remain in custody this morning at Ballymun Garda Station.
Islamic State says leader's son killed in Syria
Photo: AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 This undated image posted online Tuesday, July 3, 2018, by media outlets of the Islamic State militant group, shows Huthaifa al-Badri, son of the leader of the Islamic State group Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The IS media said the young son was killed fighting Syrian and Russian forces in Syria's central Homs province. (Militant photo via AP) less This undated image posted online Tuesday, July 3, 2018, by media outlets of the Islamic State militant group, shows Huthaifa al-Badri, son of the leader of the Islamic State group Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The IS ... more Photo: AP Islamic State says leader's son killed in Syria 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BEIRUT (AP) — The Islamic State group says the son of its leader has been killed fighting Syrian government forces.
The announcement of the death of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group's social media accounts late Tuesday. It included a picture of a young boy carrying a rifle and identified them as Huthaifa al-Badri.
The statement, dated this month, said they were an elite fighter, known as an "inghimasi," who was killed while fighting Syrian and Russia troops at a power station in the central Homs province. It did not specify when they were killed.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a war monitoring group, said the most recent IS operations in the area were in the first two weeks of June.
Al-Baghdadi has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions but is widely believed to still be alive. Little is known about al-Baghdadi's family, but a woman and a child who were said to be their wife and daughter were detained in Lebanon in 2014.
IS has been driven from nearly all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq, though it still maintains a presence in the Syrian desert and remote areas along the border.
The Observatory said late Tuesday that one of the group's last pockets in the eastern Syrian province of Deir el-Zour came under intense shelling from the U.S-led coalition. At least 12 militants are believed to have been killed in Hajin, the Observatory said.
Separately, the Observatory said at least 11 displaced Syrians fleeing the fighting in southwestern Syria were killed when they stepped on a land mine. The two-week long offensive has so far displaced up to 330,000 people, including some 60,000 at the sealed border with Jordan, the U.N. said Tuesday.
"The situation of internally displaced people at the Jordanian border is precarious, aggravated by dusty desert winds and high temperatures of up to 45 degrees Celsius," U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said Tuesday.
They said at least 12 children, two women, and one elderly man died in areas close to the Jordanian border due to scorpion bites, dehydration and water-borne diseases.
The offensive in southwestern Syria has shattered a year-long truce brokered by Russia, the United States and Jordan. Jordan and Russia are holding talks on the situation in Syria on Wednesday.
Pro-government media broadcast images Wednesday of a large arsenal of weapons and armored vehicles it said Syrian forces have seized from rebel fighters in the southwest. The Beirut-based Al-Mayadeen TV, which aired the footage, said the weapons included Israeli and U.S. made weapons and communication devices.
“It is 16 years since we lost Volvo Ocean Race legend Sir Peter Blake,” Jonno Turner writes for sailing news network Sail-World. “A three-time Ocean Race skipper, they finally achieved their dream of lifting the trophy at their fifth attempt, with Steinlager 2 in 1989-90. And boy, did they do it in style with a clean sweep in one of the greatest campaigns in the Race's history.
“[Auckland-born] Blake, revered by many as the greatest yachtsman of the modern era, was 24 when they took part in the first Whitbread as a watch captain onboard Burton Cutter.
“It proved to be the start of a 16-year obsession with a race that brought them plenty of adversity, ill fortune and failure before they finally secured that commanding victory in 1989-90.
“Blake and their crew won all six legs in that fifth edition – an unprecedented achievement – and the 2.03 metre-tall sailor, instantly recognisable by their blond hair and moustache, could finally celebrate a life-long dream fulfilled.
“Knut Frostad, former Volvo Ocean Race CEO, labelled Blake ‘the best there was in terms of seamanship'.
“He continued: ‘He was an inspiration to me personally and to so many other sailors who have taken part in this race. They had incredible determination and was such a remarkable leader.
“‘It was not just the fact that they won so much, it was the way they did it. In terms of seamanship, they were the best there was, and they were a real gentleman.'
“Blake went on to help mastermind twin America's Cup wins for New Zealand – inspiring a national craze for wearing lucky red socks along the way – and worked tirelessly to raise environmental awareness.
“Tragically, they were shot and killed by pirates in December 2001 while on a United Nations voyage in South America. They were just 53 and their death shocked a sport and a nation.
“His widow, Lady Pippa Blake, was named an ambassador to the Volvo Ocean Race Legends in 2011, when former participants competed for the Sir Peter Blake Trophy.”
Original article by Jonno Turner, Sail-World, December 6, 2017.
Photo by Roger Lean-Vercoe.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
PHOENIX (AP) — The Southern Baptist Convention, home to prominent evangelical supporters of President Donald Trump, adopted a statement on moral leadership at the group's annual meeting Tuesday that avoided pointed criticism of current political officeholders.
The denomination also rejected a proposal to condemn the "alt-right," the political movement that came to the forefront during the presidential election that mixes racism, white nationalism and populism. Barrett Duke, a Southern Baptist executive who shepherded the statements through the meeting, said the resolution contained inflammatory and broad language "potentially implicating" conservatives who do not support the "alt-right" movement.
The event in Phoenix is the first Southern Baptist annual meeting since the U.S. presidential election, which riled the denomination's leadership over whether Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit for office.
The Rev. Russell Moore, head of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, which serves as the Southern Baptist's public policy arm, was among the candidate's most vocal evangelical critics. In late 2015, Moore called evangelical support for the Republican "illogical" and a repudiation of everything Christian conservatives believe. On Twitter, Trump called Moore a "nasty guy."
At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists became evangelical advisers to Trump's campaign, including the Rev. Robert Jeffress of Dallas, and the Revs. Jack Graham and Ronnie Floyd, who were both former presidents of the denomination. Evangelicals who backed Trump generally saw them as a flawed but potentially effective leader who could deliver a conservative nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court and religious exemptions for opponents of abortion and same-sex marriage.
When Trump won last November with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. At a news conference in Phoenix, Moore insisted, "the denomination's leadership is unified. Probably we're more unified than I have seen for a long time. We love each other. We work together."  They are scheduled to speak to the Phoenix meeting late Wednesday.
In voting Tuesday, the resolution on moral leadership urged church, government and business leaders to set a positive example and thanked public officials who "displayed consistent moral character and uncompromising commitment to biblical principles."
A pastor had asked the convention to essentially reaffirm a resolution on morality for public officials that Southern Baptists adopted in 1998, as President Bill Clinton was under investigation for their affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Quoting the 1998 document, the pastor, Micah Fries of Chattanooga, Tennessee, proposed restating that "serious allegations continue to be made about moral and legal misconduct by certain public officials" and "character does count in public office." That language was not included in the statement adopted Tuesday.
Instead, the resolution decried how leaders "in every walk of life" had "destroyed their careers" and "brought shame" through poor moral choices. The statement also commended leaders who won't meet alone with members of the opposite sex other than their spouses to avoid temptation. Vice President Mike Pence, a conservative Christian, has said they never eats alone with a woman other than their wife, which caused an online uproar among liberals and conservatives last March when a story in The Washington Post drew attention to the practice.
The resolution against the "alt-right" had been proposed by a prominent African-American pastor, the Rev. Dwight McKissic of Arlington, Texas. After their measure was rejected, some Southern Baptists defended the outcome in part by pointing to their repeated condemnations of racism over the years. The 15.2 million-member denomination, the nation's largest Protestant group, has been working to overcome its founding in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders.
The convention approved a different resolution re-stating the Southern Baptist's long-standing opposition to gambling and condemning the Planned Parenthood Federation of America for its role as the leading abortion provider in the U.S.
That resolution urged Congress, as well as state and local governments, to halt all taxpayer funding that supports Planned Parenthood. Citing a series of controversial undercover videos, the resolution also urged the Justice Department to pursue criminal charges related to the handling of fetal tissue. Planned Parenthood has denounced those videos as deceptive and denies profiting from a handful of programs that supply fetal tissue to medical researchers.
___
Wang reported from Phoenix. AP Religion Writer Rachel Zoll reported from New York.
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- Pope Francis called for an end to violence against Christians following deadly attacks in two African countries.
The pope led pilgrims in praying a Hail Mary for the victims of a deadly shooting Aug. 6 at St. Philip's Catholic Church in Ozubulu, located in Nigeria's southern state of Anambra. They also prayed for Christians killed following an attack at a mission in Gambo, Central African Republic.
"I hope that all forms of hatred and violence cease and that such shameful crimes are no longer committed in places of worship where the faithful gather to pray," the pope told pilgrims Aug. 9 before concluding their weekly general audience.
The BBC and other news outlets reported Aug. 7 that at least 11 people were killed and as many as 18 others wounded as they attempted to flee the carnage in Ozubulu. While no suspects have been caught, authorities believe the target was a young business person involved in a drug deal gone wrong.
The situation in the Central African Republic is more widespread, with violent clashes between the mostly Muslim Seleka rebels and the mostly Christian anti-Balaka militia.
In a series of email messages sent to their brother and shown to Catholic News Service Aug. 8, Spanish-born Bishop Juan-Jose Aguirre Munoz of Bangassou, Central African Republic, detailed the horrors that occurred at the Gambo mission, located about 45 miles away.
Thanks for signing up!
March 30 SNP Schneider Neureither & Partner AG :
* Continued upward trend - revenue and financial performance much higher in 2016 - advances in operational and strategic development
* Dividend proposal: 0.39 euros per share (+50%); payout ratio: 48%
* FY operating earnings (EBIT) increase to 6.9 million euros(+50%)
* Outlook 2017: principle goal: consistent revenue growth - group revenue climbs to between 96 million and 100 million euros
* FY earnings per share of 0.95 euros (previous year: 0.69 euros)
* Outlook 2017: with organic revenue growth of 10% to 15%, executive board predicts an EBIT margin of between 9% and 11% and forecasts profitability of between 7% and 12% for higher overall growth
* FY EBITDA margin: 10.6% (previous year: 10.4%)
* FY EBIT margin: 8.5% (previous year: 8.1%) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Selena Drake & Harry Vizor
Deputy Editor & Features Editor
Graeme Eddolls talks to The Glasgow Guardian about how they became an employee at QinetiQ following their studies at the University of Glasgow
In our final interview of the series, Graeme Eddolls tells us how they found work following their degree in Physics with Astrophysics. And as we round off the series, we hope it has given a flicker of hope for those pursuing their careers in the near future. It does seem to be possible after all… and we're as relieved as you are.
1) How old are you?
25
3) What did you study and when did you graduate?
2010-2014 – BSc (Hons) Physics with Astrophysics, though I'm currently applying to start a PhD in January again at the University (fingers crossed for funding!)
4) What is your job title and can you give a brief summary of what you do?
Electromagnetic Signature Analyst.
I analyse and optimise the electromagnetic signatures of Ministry of Defence and Royal Navy ships and submarines in order to protect both from sea mines and also protect submarines from magnetic anomaly detecting aircraft while dived underwater. I conduct analysis and brief threat advice to Naval Command, and ship/submarine Command Teams while also working onboard these ships and submarines.
5) How long have you worked there?
It will be 3 years in February 2018.
6) Can you give us a ballpark of your salary?
26-30k (rising to 30-37k with overtime)
7) Why would this job appeal to students yet to graduate?
Variety. It's the biggest draw for me and I advise everyone to look for this as one of the key factors in a job. I'm not sat at a desk 9-5 working with the same people every day. I travel the UK regularly and have the opportunities (which I've taken) to travel to the US, the Middle East, Canada, Germany and Australia for up to a month at a time. If I'm not travelling between sites or military bases, I'm onboard a ship or a submarine doing hands on work with junction boxes, electronics and mechanical engineering. I also get to conduct in depth electromagnetic analysis which can range from simple mathematics to detailed modelling while delivering customer reports which I actually really enjoy due to the interesting nature of the work. And I can break this work up by doing work in the yard, driving the site 4×4 or rib in order to maintain or repair our underwater electromagnetic ranges. My company, QinetiQ, employs everyone from linguists and psychologists to military personnel and chartered scientists, so the whole company is phenomenally varied considering its size of about 6000 employees.
8) How did you get the job and what was the process like?
Because it is such an incredibly niche job, I just happened to come across it on a job website and (albeit flippantly) applied. I was applying to some laser and quantum laser companies at the time and thought it never hurts to apply for as much as possible in case I didn't get it. It was a fairly standard application, apply online, get a phone call for an interview then attend the interview. I went for the interview which allowed me to learn much more about the job, and because the laser companies took so long to respond, I accepted. In hindsight, it was the right thing to do, I have absolutely no regrets about it and, relatively speaking, I think it's one of the best graduate jobs you can have (if you're technically minded at least).
9) Perks of the job?
Travelling (plus a company credit card doesn't hurt when you're wanting to try food you'd never normally be able to afford); getting to work with the Armed Forces in operational environments; the amount of training supplied to me and the ability to develop my skills and gain accreditation is all excellent. It also helps that my colleagues who, ranging from 25-60 years old, all act like a group of friends since we travel a lot, eat and indeed sleep in confined spaces together on submarines.
10) Do you have any tips for students entering the job market soon?
Quite a few tips.
1) Sell yourself on your CV, especially including skills or activities that may seem completely unrelated to your application (volunteering shows commitment, part time work shows an ability to get out of bed, be reliable and show you have some experience of work outside of an academic environment, etc)
2) Choose a job with variety. To reiterate my earlier point, very few people I'd imagine enjoy going to the same office every day for 5 days a week. Many young graduates are chosen to travel in companies now as they are less “tied down” with family or other commitments, so ask about travel opportunities in your interview.
3) Choose a job you will enjoy, not one that you think will make you money. If you enjoy your work, you're far more likely to succeed at it, gain pay increases, bonuses, travel (which in itself saves you money if you get a company card), and soon you may find your salary exceeds that of the job you look at from purely a financial perspective.
4) Finally, don't ever feel trapped. Do not think “Oh I've done X degree, therefore I must work in X industry”. Likewise, if you do start a job, you're very unlikely nowadays to be stuck in it for 40 years. Once you start work, job opportunities flood in so never be scared to jump into an entirely new field of work and don't be scared to leave your new job for a better offer. I'm currently negotiating a contract with my employer to work part time while I start a full time PhD back at Glasgow University, so there are all sorts of weird and wonderful arrangements out there to suit your lifestyle, you just have to ask!
Listed firm Nickel Asia Corp. (NAC) said that the government's proposal to prescribe a limit to mining areas will not affect its production.
In a disclosure to the stock market on Tuesday, April 24, NAC said that the proposed Department Administration Order (DAO) of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) “will not impact its production volumes.”
NAC senior Vice President for Finance Emmanuel L. Samson said that “the impact of the Administrative Order to the Company, should it be issued in the form that we anticipate, will be to accelerate rehabilitation of disturbed areas within the prescribed time frame, which we can comply with.”
NAC said that they are already compliant to the DAO, which requires large mining operations to supply to local processing plants.
NAC also said that its lateritic nickel deposits are already deep, which meant that the company's operations require fewer areas for mining. — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chalets from the Bath Christmas Market should be given to the homeless so they have somewhere warm to sleep this winter, some residents have suggested.
The residents made their thoughts known as traders began dismantling the sheds on Monday (December 11).
Hundreds of the wooden chalets had packed the city centre until the 18-day market came to an end on Saturday.
Visit Bath, which organises the market, is proposing to extend the duration of lucrative market to 25 days next year.
Responding to news of the possible extension on Facebook, Michelle Slater wrote: "Omg I hope not I think they should donate the huts and shelters to the homeless".
Tim Thorne made a similar suggestion. They wrote: "Instead of using the huts to shelter the homeless for a while in this weather they have started packing it away!"
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
Cecil Weir, the funding director for Bath homelessness charity Julian House, called the suggestion “a really interesting idea".
Mr Weir said: “From a practical point of view, if it would be possible to take, say ten of the sheds and move them to a quieter part of town for the remainder of December and January, it could be really helpful.
"Rough sleep numbers are high and it's a really dangerous time to be sleeping outdoors."
They said certain risks would be associated with letting homeless people use the sheds, but that those risks could be managed.
“You'd almost certainly need some kind of supervision and that's where conversations could be had the B&NES Council and Bath BID.
“But certainly if the sheds were going to be free and could be moved it would be worth a conversation.”
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
A spokesperson for Visit Bath said: “Visit Bath do not have planning permission to keep the chalets, which are temporary retail structures, up for longer than 18 days and do not have permission to move them to another area of the city."
They added that 18 charities get a free day's trading at a dedicated charity stall every year. They raised a combined total of more than £8,000 last year, they said.
According to Visit Bath, the Christmas market is very lucrative for the city.
Last year, 420,000 people spent an estimated £5 million at the market and another £16 million shopping and eating out around the city.
There are no official figures yet for this year.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Lead Eastern Investment Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO SIGN STRATEGIC AGREEMENT WITH ZHUJIANG FILM GROUP, SHARE TRADE TO HALT FROM DEC 11 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BpCacj Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 31 Jbf Industries Ltd
* Says JBF Petrochemicals has commissioned its purified terephthalic acid (PTA) plant at Mangalore SEZ, Karnataka
* Says production of PTA is a backward integration for JBF Industries Limited and its subsidiaries abroad
* Says plant, with capacity of 1.25 million tonnes per annum, uses British Petroleum's (BP's) BP technology
* Says plant will increase competitiveness of co in polyster chain, expected to improve margins
* Says plans to take routine checks and remove deficiencies, based on technical guidelines Source text: bit.ly/2oFTqzr Further company coverage:
Pope Francis attends a Consistory for the causes of Saints at the Vatican April 20, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis attends a Consistory for the causes of Saints at the Vatican April 20, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis talks during a Consistory for the causes of Saints at the Vatican April 20, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis talks during a Consistory for the causes of Saints at the Vatican April 20, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis arrives to attend a Consistory for the causes of Saints at the Vatican April 20, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
VATICAN CITY During their trip to Fatima, Portugal in May, Pope Francis will make two of the three shepherd children believed to have seen a vision of the Madonna 100 years ago there saints, the Vatican said on Thursday.
Millions of faithful each year visit the Fatima shrine, one of the most famous in Christianity.
The canonization of Francisco Marto and their sister Jacinta Marto will take place in Fatima on May 13, to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the reported apparitions by the two and the third visionary, Lucia Dos Santos.
Francisco and Jacinta died while they were still children several years after the visions. Dos Santos became a nun and died in 2005 at the age of 97.
The Catholic Church posthumously confers sainthood on people considered so holy during their lives that they are now believed to be with God and can intercede with them to perform miracles.
Miracles are usually the medically unexplained healing of someone. The miracle connected to the siblings was believed to be the inexplicable healing of a Brazilian infant whose parents had prayed to the siblings but the Vatican has given no details.
Francisco and Jacinta Marto were beatified - the last step before sainthood - by Pope John Paul in 2000. The beatification process for Dos Santos began after their death in 2005.
The Church believes that the Madonna gave the children three messages, the so-called three secrets of Fatima.
The first two were revealed soon and concerned a vision of hell, seen by believers as a prediction of the outbreak of World War Two, a warning that Russia would "spread their errors" in the world, and a need for general conversion to God and a need for prayer.
The "third secret" intrigued the world for more than three-quarters of a century, inspiring books and cults convinced that it predicted the end of the world.
In 2000, the Vatican said the third secret was a prediction of the 1981 assassination attempt on Pope John Paul on May 13, the same day of the first reported apparition in 1917.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella)
MONTREAL — A Quebecer trying to be the first woman to get to the top of Canada's highest mountain in a solo trek says she's hopeful of achieving the feat in the coming days.
It hasn't been easy so far for Monique Richard, who has had to deal with harsh weather, equipment woes and delays in their ascent of the 5,959-metre Mount Logan in Yukon's Kluane National Park.
Parks Canada says there is no record in its data stretching back to the late 1800s of any woman having reached the summit in a solo climb.
The Montreal mountaineer, who began the trek May 15, finds themselves at one of the camps along the King's Trench route, about 800 metres from the summit, and waiting for a window of good weather.
President Donald Trump has responded to claims of repeated contact between their team and Russian intelligence officials during the 2016 presidential election election, calling the accusations “conspiracy theories” and “an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
They also slammed the apparent leaks from the intelligence community, tweeting that classified information was being given out ‘like candy.'
Current and former American officials told The New York Times in a report published Tuesday that law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee. CNN published a similar report later in the day.
Trump responded to the accusations in a series of tweets on Wednesday morning, calling the news “conspiracy theories” being pushed by “fake news media” before praising Fox News' weekday morning show.
“The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred,” they wrote. “ @ MSNBC & @ CNN are unwatchable. @ foxandfriends is great!”
The 70-year-old business mogul also fired shots at the Times and the Washington Post, which has also published numerous reports citing unnamed security sources.
“Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia,” Trump said.
In another tweet, they wrote, “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View – "The NSA & FBI…should not interfere in our politics…and is" Very serious situation for the USA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
RELATED VIDEO: Trump Denies Claims They Employed Prostitutes in Russia: ‘I'm a Germaphobe'
Among several senior Trump advisers regularly communicating with Russian nationals were then-campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and former top adviser Michael Flynn, according to the reports in the Times and CNN.
Flynn, who was Trump's national security adviser, was forced to resign on Monday following reports that they gave “incomplete information” to Vice President Mike Pence about conversations they had with Moscow's ambassador in Washington.
Flynn repeatedly denied that they discussed sanctions imposed by former President Barack Obama against Russia for election meddling with the ambassador. However, call transcripts show that Flynn may have even suggested the incoming Trump administration would be open to lifting the sanctions.
Manafort denied any contacts with Russian officials. They told The New York Times on Tuesday, “I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today.”
Numerous members of the Senate and Congress spoke out against Trump following the allegations, some calling anyone found to have worked with Russian hackers or intelligence services to be tried for treason.
“Any Americans who conspired w/ the Russian hackers should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, no matter how high up the trail goes,” tweeted Texas Congressman Joaquin Castro.
Any Americans who conspired w/ the Russian hackers should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, no matter how high up the trail goes. — Joaquin Castro (@JoaquinCastrotx) February 15, 2017
If any US citizen conspired with enemy foreign agents to subvert US democracy then that person committed treason. — Brendan Boyle (@RepBrendanBoyle) February 15, 2017
This report should serve as a clarion call for all of Congress to demand an independent investigation into Russia's meddling in our election https://t.co/zG5bQWe8JO — Senator Bob Casey (@SenBobCasey) February 15, 2017
Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true. This is a colossal scandal.https://t.co/NythuqU4Cq — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) February 15, 2017
Okay, Republicans. The time has come. Dump this guy and protect the nation. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/2dXEwiDvoX — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) February 15, 2017
Pennsylvania Congressman Brendan Boyle wrote, “If any US citizen conspired with enemy foreign agents to subvert US democracy then that person committed treason.”
Although it is not unusual for communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments to occur, the contact stood out to investigators due to the high frequency and level of the Trump advisers involved, according to the Times.
VIENNA (Reuters) - Former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has accused their successor Angela Merkel of neglecting their duties by going on holiday rather than chairing talks on diesel car emissions aimed at repairing the vital auto industry's battered reputation.
Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) has a commanding lead in opinion polls ahead of a parliamentary election on Sept. 24. But their government has come under mounting pressure for not doing enough to crack down on vehicle pollution after an emissions scandal and for being too close to carmakers.
At a "diesel summit" in Berlin on Aug. 2, while Merkel was on a three-week holiday, politicians and carmakers agreed to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars.
But environmentalists immediately dismissed the plan - almost two years after Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) admitted to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests - as too little, too late.
"I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat who was replaced by Merkel after a narrow election defeat in 2005, said in an interview with Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick which was published on Sunday.
Ministers have been wary of angering the owners of 15 million diesel vehicles and damaging an industry that is the country's biggest exporter and provides about 800,000 jobs. At this month's meeting, politicians stopped short of demanding costlier mechanical modifications to engine and exhaust systems.
Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks, also a Social Democrat, accused the VDA car industry association of lacking humility for the way it trumpeted the deal.
Schroeder, a former member of Volkswagen's supervisory board, said that had they been in Merkel's shoes they would have taken a more muscular approach.
"What I took away from the media was that one manager or another definitely behaved arrogantly (at the diesel summit). I would not have put up with that. I would have thrown them out of the meeting," they were quoted as saying.
Although Merkel's party is well clear of its nearest rival, Martin Schulz's Social Democrats, an opinion poll published on Thursday suggested their popularity had dropped 10 percentage points to 59 percent.
Days later, back from holiday and kicking off their campaign, Merkel launched a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs, and win back trust lost by the diesel emissions scandal.
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
"The women and men of Toronto Fire did an admirable job last night under very, very difficult circumstances," they added. "They were able to stop fire from spreading to the adjoining houses and trees."
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," Vice President Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
They added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
Cotfield House is a stone's throw from Spratton Hall day school.
The earliest surviving houses in the village of Spratton, eight miles north of Northampton, are stone-built farmhouses dating from the 17th century and the converted stone barns attached to pretty Cotfield House, which stands alongside St Andrew's Church at the heart of the village, are said to date from that period.
The rear part of the house dates from about 1830, when a few wealthy landowners were building larger, often three-storey houses in that part of the village. The front of the house, however, has a Victorian stone façade with a date-stone indicating 1897. As the house is unlisted, there appears to be no record of who remodelled it in its current form, but given its position, a Church connection seems possible.
Approached through wooden gates and bounded by high stone walls, Cotfield House is hugely private and within walking distance of Spratton Hall, one of the region's most popular day prep schools, described as ‘extraordinary' in the influential Good Schools Guide.
For sale through the Market Harborough office of Strutt & Parker (01858 433123) at a guide price of £1.675m, Cotfield House has 6,419sq ft of well-arranged family
living space, including three main reception rooms, a snug, a kitchen/breakfast room, six/seven bedrooms and four bath/shower rooms.
‘Like so many period village houses, Cotfield House is a fusion of several different periods and styles and, although this might suggest an inconsistent “feel” inside, in practice, the combination of some striking principal rooms to the front of the house with smaller, but equally useable everyday family space to the rear, represents the best of both worlds,' enthuses selling agent Edward Brassey.
** Search more glorious country houses for sale in Northamptonshire
Congestion along Highway 403 is causing concern among businesses within the Ancaster and Red Hill business parks, with some companies considering drastic options, including possibly relocating to another area if the problem isn't solved, said Hamilton's director of growth planning.
Guy Paparella told politicians at general issues committee meeting this week that the province must expand Highway 403 to add at least another lane to solve the congestion during peak morning and afternoon times.
"Another five years of congestion on that road, I think, will create issues in attracting businesses to not only the airport growth employment district, but other businesses, including those in the Red Hill Business Park," Paparella said.
Paparella said a few companies have already told them the traffic congestion along Highway 403 has delayed their deliveries. They said the province has studies that show congestion costs businesses billions of dollars in lost productivity. While Hamilton doesn't have a study identifying the cost to its businesses because of congestion, there is some evidence to suggest it is occurring in the city.
(Repeats earlier story for wider readership with no change to text.)
BEIJING, April 12 China's embattled power companies may receive a long-sought reprieve from rising coal prices after the country's state planner ordered miners to increase the share of supplies sold through lower-priced long-term contracts.
The National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), in an April 7 document, ordered coal companies and utilities to fix 75 percent of their total coal purchases through long-term contracts by April 30, up from the current 60 percent, three power utility officials who received the notice said this week.
Chinese thermal coal futures have rallied nearly 25 percent this year, hitting a record high of 648.60 yuan ($94.11) per tonne in March. Prices are surging on falling domestic supply as China's government clamped down on illegal mining and required miners to shut production as way to combat pollution and overcapacity.
Requiring miners to commit to larger long-term volumes would reduce costs for China's electric utilities, which have suffered mounting losses in recent months as coal prices have climbed.
For the miners, the results are more mixed. Shifting to long-term contracts, they will sell less supply at higher spot prices. However, they do lock in sales for a majority of their output near the high prices and gain firm outlets for their supply.
"We would love to sign more long-term contracts with utilities, but the problem is coal producers do not have enough supply to sign with us," a senior manager with China Datang Group told Reuters.
"The utilities sector has turned unprofitable since October 2016. We expect power companies to make a total loss of more than 100 bln yuan due to the high cost of coal," they said.
Another source at China's Huaneng Group said they have arranged meetings with coal miners, trying to secure more supply before the NDRC deadline.
Following a surge in coal prices last year, Beijing capped long-term thermal coal prices at 535 yuan per tonne for big utilities from Dec. 1 - well below the spot market at the time. Long-term contract prices were then adjusted gradually every month, but remain at a 40 yuan per tonne discount to current spot prices.
HARSH PUNISHMENT
In the document reviewed by Reuters, the NDRC said it will penalize any suppliers or utilities who do not comply with the deal terms.
Coal producers that default on more than 10 percent of supplies for a contract and do not have at least 75 percent of their sales through long-term contracts by April 30 will be charged higher power prices.
Power companies that fail to take more than 10 percent of their contracted supply under a long-term contract and do not secure 75 percent of their supply on a long-term basis will receive lower subsidies on power prices.
In addition, power companies that fail to reach the target will be restricted in the direct power trading scheme.
The NDRC did not reply to Reuters inquiry for comments.
Spot coal prices for delivery to the Chinese port of Qinhuangdao were $102.20 a tonne on April 3, according to reporting service McCloskey. CO-FOBQHG-CN
($1 = 6.8918 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Meng Meng and Aizhu Chen; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
LAS CRUCES, N.M. (AP) – New Mexico State has hired former Bowling Green State head coach Chris Jans to lead the Aggies next season.
The school introduced Jans during a news conference Monday in Las Cruces. Jans fills the void left by Paul Weir, who was recently hired as New Mexico's head coach.
Jans led Bowling Green to its first 20-win season in more than a decade in their first year but was then fired in 2015 over an incident at a bar near the Ohio school's campus. Jans had acknowledged acting inappropriately toward female patrons.
Jans most recently served as an associate head coach at Wichita State, where they had worked as an assistant before taking the Bowling Green job in 2014. They also have coached at a number of community and junior colleges during their 25-year career.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Steven Page at Mental Health Week
The Canadian Mental Health Association's Halton branch is holding a free speaker series for Mental Health Week that will feature Steven Page on May 10 at 6 p.m. at The Meeting House, 2700 Bristol Circle, Oakville. Page is a mental health advocate and founding member of The Barenaked Ladies. To register, visit halton.cmha.ca or call 1-877-693-4270.
Hamilton Music Collective event
The Hamilton Music Collective is holding its annual fundraiser in support of An Instrument for Every Child on May 24 from 6 to 9 p.m. at the Shawn and Ed Brewing Co., 65 Hatt St., Dundas. Performers include the Darcy Hepner R&B All Stars with Mary McKay and Jamie Oakes along with George Olliver. Visit hamiltonmusiccollective.ca.
National Puddle Day on May 5
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Britain is still willing to walk away from the European Union with no Brexit deal, a spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
While May was addressing parliament after triggering formal divorce talks with the EU, their spokesperson told reporters there could be varying timetables for different areas in the talks when asked why they referred to implementation periods in their letter to European Council President Donald Tusk.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, writing by Elizabeth Piper, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
Phelps — who welcomed their second son with swimming star Michael three months ago — took time out from a recent gala to pump for little Beckett, and shared the moment on their Instagram stories. While they got lots of support, they also got some flack from followers who thought it was inappropriate to pump in a ballroom, even with the discreet hands-free machine they were using.
“Some won't agree with where I did this and even worse if I was sitting there with Beckett nursing people might judge me,” they wrote in a follow-up Instagram post. “But breastfeeding is NATURAL, I have to admit there were times at the olympics I was feeding [now-2-year-old son Boomer Robert] in the stands.”
GREENVILLE – The Greenville boys swim team beat Ansonia, Arcanum, Tri-Village and Coldwater in its regular season finale on Friday at the YMCA of Darke County in Greenville.
The Greenville boys won the home meet with 114 points. Arcanum finished second with 32 points, Tri-Village finished third with 14, Coldwater finished fourth with 13, and Ansonia finished fifth with 12.
Coldwater won the girls portion of the meet with 101 points, Arcanum finished second with 60, Greenville finished third with 55, and Tri-Village finished fourth with 24.
Arcanum's quartet of Isabella Gable, Allie Barry, Elora Sudduth and Madelyn Wogomon finished second in the girls 200 yard medley relay with a time of 2:25.55. Greenville's Joy Schaaf, Hope Schaaf, Maggie Bankson and Isabel Elliott finished third in 2:28.55.
Greenville's team of Jacob Subler, Pablo Badell, Seth Conway and Carlos Badell won the boys 200 yard medley relay in a time of 2:00.28. Greenville's Josh Galloway, Tyler Strait, Kale Conway and Enric Sanchez finished second in 2:14.86.
Tri-Village's Edie Morris won the girls 200 yard freestyle in 2:11.98, and Tri-Village's Grace Wendel finished third in 2:15.12.
Tri-Village's Aubrey Morris won the boys 200 yard freestyle with a time of 1:59.04, Greenville's Seth Conway finished second in 2:03.32, Greenville's Carlos Badell finished third in 2:15.38, and Greenville's Zac Davis finished fourth in 2:27.83.
Tri-Village's Edie Morris won the girls 200 yard individual medley in 2:24.57, Tri-Village's Lucie Morris finished second in 2:28.47, Greenville's Hope Schaaf finished fourth in 3:19.78, and Arcanum's Brittany Stump finished fifth in 3:23.18.
Tri-Village's Aubrey Morris won the boys 200 yard individual medley in a time of 2:15.17, Arcanum's Jimmy Barry finished second in 2:27.20, Greenville's Kale Conway finished third in 2:57.29, and Greenville's Ethan Preece finished fourth in 4:03.02.
Greenville's Isabel Elliott finished second in the girls 50 yard freestyle in 28.87, Arcanum's Madelyn Wogomon finished third in 31.60, and Greenville's Joy Schaaf finished fifth in 39.14.
Arcanum's Stephen Young won the boys 50 yard freestyle with a time of 24.98, Greenville's Jacob Subler finished third in 26.68, Arcanum's Tristen O'Brien finished fourth in 26.79, Greenville's Pablo Badell finished fifth in 27.03, Greenville's Enric Sanchez finished sixth in 29.16, and Greenville's Tyler Strait finished eighth in 31.95.
Greenville's Maggie Bankson won the girls 100 yard butterfly in a time of 1:11.89, and Arcanum's Elora Sudduth finished fourth in 1:34.74.
Greenville's Seth Conway won the boys 100 yard butterfly in 1:00.73, Ansonia's Connor Stachler finished second in 1:05.05, and Greenville's Josh Galloway finished third in 1:21.20.
Arcanum's Isabella Gable won the girls 100 yard freestyle in 54.91, Greenville's Isabel Elliott finished third in 1:07.34, Arcanum's Madelyn Wogomon finished fifth in 1:17.17, Arcanum's Brittany Stump finished sixth in 1:22.16, and Greenville's Asia Sykes finished seventh in 1:32.59.
Arcanum's Stephen Young won the boys 100 yard freestyle with a time of 55.49, Greenville's Zac Davis finished third in 1:06.84, Greenville's Kale Conway finished fourth in 1:07.67, and Greenville's Aaron Suter finished fifth in 1:10.56.
Arcanum's Allie Barry finished fourth in the girls 500 yard freestyle in 8:00.69.
Ansonia's Connor Stachler won the boys 500 yard freestyle with a time of 5:49.24.
Greenville's team of Isabel Elliott, Asia Sykes, Hope Schaaf and Maggie Bankson finished second in the girls 200 yard freestyle relays in a time of 2:17.74.
Greenville's quartet of Aaron Sutter, Kale Conway, Josh Galloway and Enric Sanchez won the boys 200 yard freestyle relays in 1:56.61.
Arcanum's Isabella Gable won the girls 100 yard backstroke with a time of 1:01.36, Greenville's Joy Schaaf finished fourth in 1:39.60, and Greenville's Asia Sykes finished fifth in 1:41.86.
Greenville's Carlos Badell won the boys 100 yard backstroke in a time of 1:07.24, Greenville's Jacob Subler finished second in 1:08.42, Arcanum's Tristen O'Brien finished third in 1:17.23, Greenville's Josh Galloway finished fourth in 1:18.29, and Greenville's Ethan Preece finished fifth in 1:40.61.
Greenville's Maggie Bankson won the girls 100 yard breaststroke in a time of 1:24.10, Arcanum's Elora Sudduth finished second in 1:32.25, Greenville's Hope Schaaf finished fourth in 1:34.00, and Arcanum's Allie Barry finished fifth in 1:40.41.
Arcanum's Jimmy Barry and Greenville's Pablo Badell tied for the win in the boys 100 yard breaststroke as they both finished in 1:11.04. Greenville's Tyler Strait finished third in 1:28.60, and Greenville's Enric Sanchez finished fourth in 1:31.89.
Arcanum's quartet of Elora Sudduth, Brittany Stump, Madelyn Wogomon and Isabella Gable won the girls 400 yard freestyle relays in 4:52.69.
Greenville's squad of Pablo Badell, Carlos Badell, Jacob Subler and Seth Conway won the boys 400 yard freestyle relays in 4:15.09.
Greenville's Tyler Strait swims in the boys 100 yard breaststroke during a meet on Friday at the YMCA of Darke County in Greenville. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Tyler-Strait-WEB.jpg Greenville's Tyler Strait swims in the boys 100 yard breaststroke during a meet on Friday at the YMCA of Darke County in Greenville. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
Green Wave beat Ansonia, Arcanum, Coldwater and Tri-Village
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
× Trump calls for getting tough on dealers: ‘That includes the death penalty'
MANCHESTER, N.H. — President Donald Trump says the nation “must get tough” with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled their plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
“If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time,” Trump said. “And that toughness includes the death penalty.”
Trump went on to say that dealers “will kill thousands of people during their lifetime” but won't be punished for the carnage they cause.
“This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers, it is not going to happen, folks,” they said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Monday's event marks Trump's first trip back to the first-in-the-nation primary state -- and the state that that introduced the business person-turned-politician to the opioid scourge -- since they won the presidency.
The President, joined by first lady Melania Trump, laid out a plan that looks to balance increasing punitive measures to stop drug traffickers and broadening the federal government's involvement in combating the epidemic with a sweeping ad campaign about addiction and more funding for drug treatment programs, according to Trump administration officials briefed on the plans.
The plan will include stiffer penalties for high-intensity drug traffickers, including the death penalty for some, Trump said.
Though Trump has long advocated for sentencing certain drug traffickers to death, public policy experts have condemned the proposal even before Trump rolled it out, arguing that it misses the cause of the opioid epidemic.
White House officials told CNN that Trump's broader plan will focus on key areas: law enforcement and interdiction, prevention and education through a sizable advertising campaign, improving the ability to fund treatment through the federal government, and helping those impacted by the epidemic find jobs while fighting addiction.
Congress recently appropriated $6 billion to combat the opioid epidemic, and a senior administration official told CNN that Trump's plan will lay out how the White House believes that money should be spent. At the time, treatment advocates and drug policy experts were concerned the uptick in funding wouldn't be spent wisely and wasn't nearly enough.
Trump has credited voters in New Hampshire with introducing them to the opioid crisis during their 2016 campaign. They frequently referenced the scourge when campaigning in the state, which has been epicenter in the fight against opioids. But in a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto shortly after their inauguration, Trump referred to the state as "a drug-infested den," drawing fierce criticism from the state's leaders.
Days before Election Day in 2016 -- when time is a campaign's most precious commodity -- Trump even traveled to New Hampshire to discuss opioid addiction and pledge to make fighting the epidemic a focus.
Their response as President, however, has been mixed, according to epidemic experts. The President has been accused of sidelining the Office of National Drug Policy Control, failing to heed the recommendations of their opioid council and focusing too much on the punitive measure to respond to the epidemic.
Trump in October declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency, telling an audience of experts and people in recovery that "we can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic."
Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016. And since 1999, the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled.
April 13 Infosys Ltd:
* March quarter annualized standalone employee attrition at 13.5 percent versus 12.6 percent year ago
* March quarter annualized consolidated employee attrition at 17.1 percent versus 17.3 percent year ago
* Says gross client additions of 71 in March quarter
* Says "unanticipated execution challenges and distractions in a seasonally soft quarter affected our overall performance"
* Says "utilization during Q4 reached 82% which is the highest in Q4 over the past several years"
* Continued to see many positive signs of strategy execution; software-led offerings continued to show strong momentum and client success Source text: bit.ly/2oupjxB Further company coverage:
A police officer who feared he'd been exposed to a deadly opioid had to wait for firefighters to arrive with the antidote because Hamilton police aren't allowed to carry it.
The officer, who works in the identification unit at headquarters, was processing evidence at 5:15 p.m. Sunday when they touched what they thought was fentanyl or its more lethal kin, carfentanil. Merely touching those substances to skin can cause a fatal overdose. But administering a quick dose of naloxone to counteract it can be life-saving.
That's why every front line OPP officer in the province carries it. And all police in Peterborough, Barrie and Durham. And why pharmacies will hand it out to nearly anyone who wants it for free. It's also why last week the province announced it will pay for every police officer and firefighter in Ontario to be equipped with it.
Yet Hamilton police officers — who work in a city experts say has epidemic levels of opioid abuse — are prohibited from carrying it. They cannot even have it with them to save their own life or that of a fellow officer, let alone a member of the public who is in distress.
In this case, 911 was called and firefighters, who carry naloxone for their own protection, were first to arrive. Hamilton Police Service Deputy Chief Dan Kinsella says they handed the naloxone to the officer, who gave themselves the injection before EMS took them to hospital.
As recently as last week the Hamilton Fire Department said it had never used its naloxone.
Later it was determined the substance was not an opioid, but rather cocaine. The officer was fine. There are no negative side-effects of naloxone even when there hasn't been an opioid overdose.
But think about this for a moment. Of all the public buildings in Hamilton, police headquarters would rank near the top of those with the greatest potential for exposure to fentanyl or carfentanil. (The other police stations and the courthouse would be right up there, too.) Some police employees — drug officers, the ID unit, staff in the cell area — are dealing with opioids all the time. Hamilton Police Association president Clint Twolan has said each uniformed squad deals with an average of three fentanyl overdoses per shift. Though they take all the right precautions, such as double-gloving, that still might not be enough.
We've equipped them with body armour to protect themselves — why not naloxone? It's just another aspect of officer safety.
"This is exactly why we need the kits," says Twolan, in reference to Sunday's incident. "We just don't know what we're dealing with on a case-by-case basis."
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
March 29 A-Jin Industry Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 4th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on March 29
* Says it has raised 24.5 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/tXh4dF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
What about this heatwave, eh? Everywhere looks fab and even more so in snaps or any TV footage. Imagine how Donegal is going to look for the Irish Open golf championship.
International viewers of the tournament over the next few days hearing about Donegal for the first time will surely be adding the county to their bucket lists of places to visit.
Here's the thing though.
Are we going to have to manage their weather expectation?!
First time visitors to Ireland this summer must be thinking 'Wow, must come here every summer for the weather'.
If you can stomach the high cost of hotel accomodation and restaurant prices.
To be fair the host course looks fab for this event though and it's getting rave reviews.
Love this video!! Looking forward to seeing everyone next week at @ballyliffin for the @DDFIrishOpen. Let's hope the sun keeps shining! If you haven't got your tickets yet visit https://t.co/Ki8iybWiOb #BeAtBallyliffin pic.twitter.com/SnZL5L99Jf — Rory McIlroy (@McIlroyRory) June 29, 2018
Situated on Ireland's most-northerly point, Ballyliffin Golf Club boasts two outstanding links courses with a dramatic coastline and stunning views of the Atlantic Ocean – as well as Glashedy Island. The European Tour's finest will compete on the Glashedy Links this week, which was designed by Pat Ruddy and Tom Craddock in 1993. The renowned course is fashioned around incredible dunes and has a reputation as a testing links golf course.
It would be great to see a local winner and there is enough Irish quality in the field for that to happen.
Could Paul Dunne be a dark horse?  They are certainly experienced enough.
“Growing up in Ireland we played a lot of links golf on the amateur circuit – so this course is very similar to what I am used to. We have got Spanish weather this week, but it will a case of doing the same as you would on any links course – not miss in the wrong spots, keep it out of the bunkers and when you get yourself in trouble try and get in a position where you have a chance of saving par. “Especially with it being firm the par fives will play shorter so there will be plenty of chances out there.”
The Wicklow man could be a good each way chance!
“I felt like I played well in France after three weeks off. You never fully know how you are going to play when you get back into competitive golf, and with last week being a very difficult course I was very happy to finish in 21st place – just six shots behind. “My game is not too far away, my short game feels sharp, and hopefully I can keep improving. I got a little better each day last week so hopefully I can continue that trend here.”
Lets hope one of our lads lands it!
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Taylor Swift had an emotional day in court Monday as lawyers presented closing arguments in the case brought against them by David Mueller, a former radio host whom Swift accused of groping them at a meet-and-greet in June 2013.
Clad in a black turtleneck dress and chunky platform boots, the singer appeared relaxed before proceedings commenced, talking to their brother Austin and mother Andrea in adjacent seats.
Mueller's attorney, Gabe McFarland, argued before an 8-person jury that Swift's allegations of assault destroyed their client's career. When McFarland claimed that Mueller “is not the guy” who grabbed Swift's backside, the Denver Post reports that the 26-year-old star was heard to audibly sigh. They became even more emotional when McFarland turned their attention to the photo taken during the alleged incident, which has become something of a smoking gun in this case.
“Is that the face of someone who's had someone grab their butt? Who is shocked?” they asked the jury. “There's nothing in Taylor Swift's face to suggest anything is wrong.” Meanwhile, Swift themselves looked on, dabbing tears from their eyes.
Swift leaned back in their chair as they listened to their attorney, Douglas Baldridge, deliver their statement, saying that “Taylor Swift said ‘no,'” and urging the jurors to say the same. Buzzfeed reporter Claudia Rosenbaum says the lawyer reiterated the fact that Swift wanted “one single symbolic dollar” to serve as a message to all men on behalf of all women that no means no.
“In the most twisted circumstances, Mr. Mueller is seeking millions from these people for their wrongful conduct,” Baldridge reportedly said. “Is the victimization going to stop here or is it going to go on … Is the victimization going to allow this guy to get a big payday?” Mueller is reportedly seeking $250,050 after their initial ask of $3 million for future lost earnings was rejected by Federal Judge William J. Martinez.
Baldridge reportedly had a very different view of the bombshell photograph, saying that Mueller wore a “s—eating grin” on their face. “That's a man that's very proud in the moment of what they are doing.”
After hearing the closing arguments, the case is now in the hands of the jury, which will deliberate until a unanimous decision is reached.
Swift scored a victory on Friday, when Judge Martinez dismissed Mueller's case that the pop star got them fired, citing insufficient evidence. However, their case against Swift's mother, Andrea, was not dismissed and Swift's case against Mueller for sexual assault remains ongoing.
In their ruling, the judge said Mueller had filed claims of interference with contract against Swift personally rather than 13 Management, the company under which Andrea Swift and Frank Bell — who works with their management team — are employed. “Simply put, it is far too late for the plaintiff to argue that they had filed the wrong claims against the wrong people,” they said.
Mueller first sued Swift in 2015, claiming they lost their job after the singer's security team accused them of groping their butt during a meet-and-greet at the Pepsi Center in June of 2013.
Mueller denied the allegations and also accused their colleague of sexually assaulting the singer, but a rep for Swift told PEOPLE at the time that “the radio station was given evidence immediately after the incident” and “made their independent decision.”
One month later, the “Out of the Woods” singer countersued Mueller, saying in court papers they “intentionally reached under their skirt, and groped with their hand an intimate part of their body in an inappropriate manner, against their will, and without their permission.”
TORONTO, April 6 The Toronto Stock Exchange operator, TMX Group Ltd, said on Thursday it has developed a blockchain-based prototype for electronic shareholder voting, the latest effort by an exchange operator to leverage the technology to try to solve an industry problem.
The secure electronic voting prototype, which was developed in consultation with Accenture Plc, would make voting during annual shareholder meetings significantly more efficient and accurate, and help boost shareholder involvement in corporate governance without the need to vote in person, said TMX.
Thousands of clients could potentially benefit from the technology, according to TMX, including more than 3,000 issuers listed on its exchanges, more than 200 sell-side broker/dealers and a handful of depositories.
"This (industry problem) is something that's been plaguing us for quite some time," John Lee, vice president of TMX's Innovation and Enterprise Delivery, said in an interview.
"The technology to try and address this problem wasn't really something we could use until you looked at something like blockchain."
Distributed ledger technology (DLT), more commonly known as blockchain and popularly associated with the virtual currency bitcoin, is a decentralized, distributed record of data or transactions. The database characteristics and immutable nature of the technology make information transparent and easy to track, and large-scale hacking extremely difficult.
Banks and other large financial institutions have been ramping up efforts to develop practical applications using blockchain. Proponents say it will help make some of their most burdensome back-office processes, such as the clearing and settlement of securities, simpler, cheaper and more transparent.
Nasdaq Inc, one of the world's largest providers of technology for exchanges and clearing houses, uses blockchain to power its U.S. market for shares of private companies and has been testing it to run proxy voting for companies listed on its exchange in Estonia.
Lee said another prototype in partnership with certain members of the Liquidity Alliance is also nearing completion. Alliance members include Deutsche Borse and Clearstream. That blockchain project addresses how a business can operate in a multi-jurisdictional environment.
TMX's new proxy voting system prototype still needs regulatory approval before it can be tested live, the company said.
"There's always constant dialogue taking place. As you can imagine, the TMX group is a heavily governed organization," Lee said, noting that talks would involve a number of federal and provincial regulators. (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Angel Yeast Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 4, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-dividend on May 5 and the dividend will be paid on May 5
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ceiuen
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
"This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit," Berger said. "Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself."
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
"This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board," Reavie said. "So this is like the fifth major for me."
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. They bogeyed their old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
"Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie," Fowler said.
Two years ago, they blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when they drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when they hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
"I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either," said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. "Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above."
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. They birdied the last three holes — getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day — and four of the final six.
"There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here," Mickelson said. "I can feel their energy and it helps me focus."
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had their second 68. They were bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
"I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under," Thomas said. "But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days."
Haas followed their opening 64 with a 72. They made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when they missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended their bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
By John Nicholson, The Associated Press
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Kylie Jenner and Tyga had an awkward run-in at Coachella, PEOPLE has learned.
A source tells PEOPLE that two — who are currently on one of multiple breaks in their nearly three years of dating — ran into each other at the musical festival on Sunday evening right before Kendrick Lamar‘s set.
According to the source, the exes “shared an awkward hug.”
“Kylie looked really sad as they walked away,” adds the source.
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star and the rapper then went their separate ways to enjoy the performance, where Lamar took the stage in front of more than 125,000 fans.
An onlooker tells PEOPLE Jenner, 19, was joined by a few pals, including best friend Jordyn Woods, and several bodyguards.
it's lit A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 17, 2017 at 1:06am PDT
Tyga, 27, was surrounded by their own posse steps away — but little did they know, Jenner's rumored fling Travis Scott, 24, was about to make a surprise guest appearance on stage to perform their hit track with Lamar, “Goosebumps.”
“Once Kendrick went on stage, Tyga and their crew were escorted to the front of the stage to watch the performance,” says an onlooker. But about halfway through Scott's song, Tyga ducked out.
“A bodyguard began pushing through the crowd with a flashlight to get Tyga and their friends away from the stage,” explains the onlooker.
However, Tyga didn't choose to leave the festival entirely: They pointedly only headed back to finish watching Lamar once Scott's performance came to an end.
“After Travis exited the stage, Tyga emerged on the side nearest the fence to begin watching again, as Schoolboy Q took the stage to perform ‘That Part' with Kendrick,” the onlooker adds.
Meanwhile, Jenner and Scott's budding fling has been taking the festival season by storm: The pair attended Jeremy Scott's Moschino x Candy Crush Coachella bash together Saturday night into the wee hours of Sunday morning.
“Kylie and Travis made their way to a private table, where they were joined by friends and enjoyed the deejay,” an observer previously told PEOPLE. “After five minutes of being in a very crowded space, Travis got up and left the table, and Kylie followed them out with their friends following close behind her.”
But could it all just be a plot to get back at Tyga?
“[Scott] and Kylie have also been friends for a while and they all hang out,” a source recently told PEOPLE when news of the budding romance broke. “When they and Tyga are having drama, they try to make them jealous by hanging out with other guys.”
“They tend to take little breaks all the time and then get back together,” a source told PEOPLE earlier this month. “It's definitely possible they'll work things out again.”
NAIROBI, April 20 Kenya will issue its debut Islamic bond planned for the fiscal year starting in July under existing laws as it pushes legal reforms aimed at boosting Islamic finance, a senior government official said.
Henry Rotich, the finance minister, said last month the East African nation planned to amend its laws to enable issuance of the Shariah-compliant bond, part of a plan to mobilise local funds and set up Nairobi as a regional hub for the sector.
Githu Muigai, the attorney general, who is the government's chief legal adviser, told Reuters on Thursday the issuance could go ahead, even if all planned legal reforms are not completed in time.
"We will continue with the bond within the institutions that exist right now but we will transition into the new framework sometime next year," Muigai told Reuters.
They said the proposed changes include the consolidation of financial regulations, which are pending before parliament.
"This will then give us an opportunity to come back to sector specific problems like deepening and broadening Islamic banking and the various products that are on offer," they said.
Kenya has two Islamic banks, established a decade ago, and several Islamic banking windows, offered by some commercial lenders.
(Writing by Duncan Miriri)
Adamson has won all of its 17 UAAP softball titles in the last 21 seasons
Published 3:25 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Adamson University Lady Falcons remained queens of UAAP softball after pocketing the Season 80 title at the expense of the UST Tiger Softbelles.
Adamson annihilated UST, 6-0, in a do-or-die Game 3 at the Rizal Memorial Stadium on Tuesday, March 20, for their 8th straight UAAP softball tiara.
Co-finals Most Valuable Player Lyka Basa displayed their prowess on the mound, delivering 5 strikeouts against the struggling Tiger Softbelles, who failed to find their groove offensively.
The Tiger Softbelles looked like they were on their way to winning the championship they last won in 2010 after taking a 4-3 win in Game 1 only to surrender the last two outings, losing Game 2, 5-8.
The Lady Falcons have won all of their 17 softball titles in the last 21 seasons. Adamson is the second-winningest team in UAAP softball history, behind Far Eastern University which has 21 championships.
Last March 16, Adamson also took home the UAAP baseball crown with a two-game sweep of De La Salle University in the finals, ending a 7-year title drought. – Rappler.com
CA Marine Warning and Forecast
CA Marine Warnings and Forecast for Wednesday, July 4, 2018
_____
SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY
URGENT - MARINE WEATHER MESSAGE
National Weather Service Medford OR
231 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 11 AM PDT THIS
MORNING...
* Winds: North 20 to 25 kt.
* Seas: Steep 6 to 8 feet at 8 seconds.
* Areas affected: Small craft advisory conditions are expected in
nearly all areas.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
A Small Craft Advisory means that winds and seas will create a
potential hazard to smaller vessels and inexperienced mariners.
...SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 11 AM PDT THIS
MORNING...
* Winds: North 20 to 25 kt.
* Seas: Steep 6 to 8 feet at 8 seconds.
* Areas affected: Small craft advisory conditions are expected in
nearly all areas.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
A Small Craft Advisory means that winds and seas will create a
potential hazard to smaller vessels and inexperienced mariners.
...SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 11 AM PDT THIS
MORNING...
* Winds: North 20 to 25 kt.
* Seas: Steep 6 to 8 feet at 8 seconds.
* Areas affected: Small craft advisory conditions are expected in
nearly all areas.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
A Small Craft Advisory means that winds and seas will create a
potential hazard to smaller vessels and inexperienced mariners.
...SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 11 AM PDT THIS
MORNING...
* Winds: North 20 to 25 kt.
* Seas: Steep 6 to 8 feet at 8 seconds.
* Areas affected: Small craft advisory conditions are expected in
nearly all areas.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
A Small Craft Advisory means that winds and seas will create a
potential hazard to smaller vessels and inexperienced mariners.
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Season ticket renewal prices at Derby County have been frozen for a third year in a row.
And the Rams have again offered those fans who secured their seat no later than September 30, 2017, and who renew in the first period of ticket sales this time, their money back should Derby be promoted to the Premier League.
The club has also announced a new discounted family season ticket as well as free season tickets for supporters over the age of 85 who have been full season ticket holders since the 2013/14 season.
Derby says current season ticket holders will receive their renewal packs containing all of the relevant information through the post in the coming days.
The new discounted family season ticket is in the North Stand Lower.
A discount of 10% is available when purchasing an Adult/Senior Citizen and an Under-18 season ticket together (available on a 1:1 ratio).
The clubs say this cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Derby will continue to offer free under-12s season tickets. All under-12s must be accompanied and be sat with a full paying adult at a ratio of one adult to one child (under 12), and be a Rams Squad Member.
The first renewal period is underway and will run until 4pm on Monday, April 2, during which time season ticket holders can reserve the current seats. After this time, any seats that are not renewed will be released for other supporters to purchase.
The second renewal period will begin on Saturday, April 7, while the option to relocate seats will be available during the annual Relocation Period between Tuesday, April 3, and Friday, April 6.
ABUJA, March 29 Nigeria's central bank has approved a licence for the Development Bank of Nigeria, the finance ministry said on Wednesday.
The bank aims to support small-scale businesses as the country contends with its first recession in 25 years. It has a commitment from the World Bank for $1.3 billion in seed money. (Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Andrew Roche)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
There are plenty of opportunities this Independence Day to see fireworks on the Fourth of July!🇺🇸
Chesterfield Fourth of July Celebration
When: 5 to 9 p.m.
Where: Chesterfield County Fairgrounds, 10300 Courthouse Road
Cost: Free, but some children's events cost money
The event, held at the Chesterfield County Fairgrounds (across from L.C. Bird High School), includes an activity area for children*, food vendors and special entertainment. No alcohol, glass bottles, pets or personal fireworks are allowed. Blankets or lawn chairs are recommended. Limited parking; roads leading to fairgrounds will be closed when parking lots are full.
Colonial Heights Fireworks
When: 9 p.m. (rain date: July 5)
Where: 116 Southgate Square/off Charles Dimmock Parkway, Best viewing spots will be off Interstate 95, Exit 53 or 54 in the Southgate Square/Wal-Mart Area. Roslyn Landing Park will be closed from sunrise on the day of the fireworks display until the following day.
Cost: FREE
Bring blankets and lawn chairs.
Dogwood Dell Fourth of July Celebration
When: 7:30 p.m. (fireworks at dusk)
Where: Dogwood Dell Amphitheater, 600 S Boulevard, Richmond VA 23220
Cost: Free, but bring money for food
What: Enjoy a free family Fourth of July celebration at Dogwood Dell with the Richmond Concert Band. Come a bit early to get a seat within the Dell, bring the family and friends, and of course your picnic supper.
At 5:15 p.m., the Ephesus Drumline will march from Maymont to Dogwood Dell for a brief performance. At 5:45 p.m., the Richmond Concert Band jazz group will play several selections, followed by the reading of excerpts from the Declaration of Independence. The Richmond Concert Band will take the stage at 7:30 p.m. to perform a program of pop, patriotic music, and highlight the evening with the playing of the “1812 Overture,” which concludes with the annual fireworks display.
Fourth at the Fort, Independence Day Celebration
When: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. (fireworks at 9:30 p.m.)
Where: Williams Stadium, 836-898 Lee Ave, Fort Lee VA 23801
Cost: FREE
Admission and parking are free and open to the general public. KidZone tickets are $1 each or $20 for an unlimited access armband. To access Fort Lee for this event, drivers must be able to show a Driver's License, current vehicle registration and proof of insurance. Adult passengers must show a Driver's License or other government-issued photo identification. All vehicles are subject to search. The Fort says no pets, glass, backpacks, coolers, smoking, and tailgating.
Flying Squirrels Fireworks at the Diamond
When: Gates open at 4:30 p.m. and first pitch is 6:35 p.m.
Where: 3001 N Boulevard, Richmond
What: The Squirrels take on the Akron Rubber Ducks, followed by a fireworks extravaganza after the game.
Cost: $8 general admission or $10 general admission insurance
Goochland Fourth of July Fireworks
When: 9 p.m. (rain date: July 5)
Where: Goochland Sports Complex — 1800 Sandy Hook Road, Goochland
Cost: FREE
What: Bring the whole family and enjoy a night under the stars with Goochland's fireworks. Park, picnic and watch the fireworks. No tailgating and alcohol prohibited.
Red, White, and Lights
When: Starts at 5 p.m. (fireworks and light show at 9:15 p.m.)
Where: Dorey Park at 2999 Darbytown Road
Cost: Free
What: Event usually held at Meadow Farm Museum but has moved this year. Family friendly event with the Richmond Symphony's Big Tent. There will be food for sale, and soft coolers are allowed with outside food allowed -- no alcohol though.
5-8 p.m. – Family Fun Zone
5 p.m. – DJ Lonnie B and Emcee Kelli Lemon
6 p.m. – Plunky & Oneness
8 p.m. – Richmond Symphony
9:15 p.m. – Fireworks & Laser-Light Show
Rocketts Red Glare
When: 9 p.m.
Where: Rocket's Landing
Cost: Free
What: This is the culmination of three days of festivities, including EVP Pro Beach Volleyball Championships, Restaurant RiVAlry, and RockZILLA Junior Challenge. The event does not allow pets or outside food and coolers. There will be food and beer trucks.
April 3 Shenyang Cuihua Gold and Silver Jewelry Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 10 million yuan to 16.3 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 1.3 million yuan
* Says that influence of increased gold price as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zgkKSw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Travelsky Technology Ltd:
* SUBCONTRACTS CONSTRUCTION OF DEPARTURE SYSTEM & SECURITY INSPECTION INFORMATION SYSTEM FOR RUOQIANG AIRPORT TO XINJIANG CARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Missouri man accused of briefly holding city clerks captive
NORMANDY, Mo. (AP) — A St. Louis man is jailed on $75,000 bond after allegedly walking into a suburban town's city hall and briefly holding four clerks captive.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that 33-year-old Chris Butler is charged with kidnapping and resisting arrest following the incident on Monday.
Charging documents say Butler went into Normandy's municipal clerk's office and told four clerks to show their hands and not move. They were allegedly armed with a 9mm pistol.
A bystander saw what happened and called police, who work out of the same complex. Police say that when Butler refused to let the clerks leave they used a stun gun to subdue him.
There was no immediate word on a motive.
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
Lessons can be learned from the international community in order to properly address the issue of fake news in the Philippines
Published 7:02 PM, February 03, 2018
The Senate committee on public information and mass media recently conducted its second inquiry into the issue of fake news. Among those invited were government officials from the Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO), journalists, and bloggers.
Ideally, the inquiry might have been a venue for serious academic debate on the breadth and scope of free speech, the wisdom of imposing intermediary liability on social media, and the consequences of any alleged use by the government of fake news to pursue its agenda.
Quite disappointingly, though, it served as a ground for the grandstanding of legislators who finally found the opportunity to confront bloggers and writers who had written something displeasing about them in the past.
The inquiry also showcased the limited understanding by Malacañang's own communications officials of free expression, as they constantly blurred the line between political opinion and fake news, deliberately or negligently.
If anything, the inquiry exhibited a disdainfully unsophisticated understanding of fake news in the Philippines.
For one, the focus of the inquiry was misplaced, leaving no proper and thorough discussion of the more relevant issues. The Revised Penal Code already punishes the spread of false news in Article 154, par. 1, which provides:
Article 154. Unlawful use of means of publication and unlawful utterances. – The penalty of arresto mayor and a fine ranging from P200 to P1,000 pesos shall be imposed upon:
1. Any person who by means of printing, lithography, or any other means of publication shall publish or cause to be published as news any false news which may endanger the public order, or cause damage to the interest or credit of the State
Thus, any discussion concerning the regulation of fake news must necessarily first deliberate the propriety of amending, repealing, or retaining this penal provision.
Second, there was no firm commitment on the part of the committee to formulate a definition of fake news and distinguish it from other forms of speech (e.g. political dissent and satire).
Communications Secretary Martin Andanar even boldly claimed that "hate posts" are considered fake news, and had to be lectured on the difference between political opinion and fake news by lawyers present in the inquiry. (READ: Test for Andanar: Can they stop fake news, hate speech from pro-Duterte accounts?)
Under the present circumstances, there may be a need to look at the international standards on freedom of expression and the experiences of other countries which may provide guidance and shed light on the issue of fake news.
First and foremost, the Philippines is a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR). By virtue of the incorporation clause in Article II, Section 2 of the 1987 Constitution, the provisions of the ICCPR form part of the laws of the land. Article 19, par. 2 of the ICCPR provides:
"2. Everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression; this right shall include freedom to seek, receive, and impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or in print, in the form of art, or through any other media of their choice."
In this connection, any restriction on the right to freedom of expression must comply with the 3-part test in Article 19, par. 3 of the ICCPR – it must be provided by law, it must pursue a legitimate State aim, and it must be necessary in a democratic society.
Second, the special rapporteurs on freedom of expression of 4 international organizations, including the United Nations, issued a Joint Declaration on Freedom of Expression and "Fake News," Disinformation and Propaganda. Special Rapporteurs have the mandate to investigate States and ensure States' compliance with their international human rights obligations. Among the key principles declared are the following:
a. General prohibitions on the dissemination of information based on vague and ambiguous ideas, including "false news" or "non-objective information," are incompatible with international standards for restrictions on freedom of expression.
b. Criminal defamation laws are unduly restrictive and should be abolished. Civil law rules on opportunity and fail to prove the truth of those statements and also benefit from other defences, such as fair comment.
c. State actors should not make, sponsor, encourage or further disseminate statements which they know or reasonably should know to be false (disinformation) or which demonstrate a reckless disregard for verifiable information (propaganda).
d. State actors should, in accordance with their domestic and international legal obligations and their public duties, take care to ensure that they disseminate reliable and trustworthy information, including about matters of public interest, such as the economy, public health, security and the environment.
Third, the phenomenon of fake news is not unique to the Philippines. Other countries that are also parties to the ICCPR have had cases on fake news filed and litigated in their courts.
International cases
In the 2004 Ugandan case of Obbo and Another v. Attorney General, two journalists were charged with publishing false news when they reported that the commander of the Uganda Revenue's Anti-Smuggling Unit played a key role in the transfer of gold consignment from the Democratic Republic of Congo to Uganda.
The Ugandan Constitutional Court ruled in favor of the journalists and decided to apply the constitutional right to free speech in the case. In its decision, the Court stated that "applying the constitutional protection to false expressions is not to 'uphold falsity' as implied in the majority judgment. The purpose is to avoid the greater danger of 'smothering alternative views' of fact or opinion."
In the 2014 Zambian case of Chipenzi v. People, the journalists published a news story that the Zambian secret police had recruited a number of foreign militias into the main stream police force. They were arrested for violating a criminal law punishing the dissemination of false information.
The High Court of Zambia ruled that the said criminal law was unconstitutional for being overbroad as it not only prohibited false news but also punished those with honest beliefs that their statements were true. The law was held to be unconstitutional also because the accused had to prove that they lacked knowledge of the falsity of the information before they published it in order for the courts to acquit him.
This violated the presumption of innocence of the accused as they now have the burden of proving their innocence instead of the State having to prove their guilt.
Finally, in Grech and Montanaro v. Malta, a commercial libel case decided by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in 1997, the accused were editors of a newspaper that published a letter from an anonymous reader accusing a company of selling tuna fish as sardines.
The Maltese domestic Press Act imposes monetary sanctions and payment of damages against those that publish statements which they knew, or ought to have known, to be false, and which causes damage to any business concern.
The accused editors were ordered to pay a certain sum to the maligned company. During trial, they did not dispute that the information in the letter they published were false. The damages caused the company were also firmly established. Hence, the ECHR found that the imposition of monetary sanctions and damages was not a violation of the editors' right to freedom of expression.
Lessons can be learned from the international community in order to properly address the issue of fake news in the Philippines.
At the outset, the difference in treatment between fake news propagated by ordinary citizens and fake news peddled by the government should be recognized.
We must all be reminded that the Bill of Rights in the Constitution contains safeguards for citizens against the government, and that the government cannot invoke the same rights to the prejudice of ordinary people.
The right to freedom of expression dictates that no criminal penalty should be imposed for fake news driven by ordinary citizens, and that the corresponding penalty under the civil laws should suffice. There is greater good in protecting the right to freedom of expression, especially of those who dissent and disagree, than there is to penalize those who spread false information.
However, there is a need for heavier sanctions to be imposed upon public officials who spread fake news, most especially against members of the free society, including the press and the advocates of civil liberties.
Government officials should be made to bear higher standards in disseminating information considering that they have all the resources necessary to verify the truthfulness of their statements. They are in a position of power and influence, and spreading fake news is nothing but an abuse of such power.
Any regulation on fake news affects all sides of the political spectrum. More than fake news and false information, however, the greater debate should focus on ideas and opinion. I do not believe that the free marketplace of ideas should be a venue that tolerates misinformation. Instead, it should be a place where people can freely express their opinions and ideas on subjects that matter to the lives of the Filipino.
I believe that the best way to combat fake news is through the truth. Ultimately, Filipinos will know the truth, our truth. However, we will never get there if those who are brave enough to speak are silenced on the pretense that they spread fake or false information. – Rappler.com
Gil Anthony E. Aquino is a lawyer from the Center for International Law (Centerlaw).  They are also affiliated with the Advocates for Freedom of Expression Coalition in South East Asia (AFEC-SEA). Research materials were provided by law students Hussein Balt and Christopher Alcantara.
FRANKFURT The U.S. Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least twice this year, and possibly up to four times - although that would require an improvement in fundamentals, Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Wednesday.
Explaining why they are more cautious in their rate outlook than some of their colleagues, Evans said the U.S. could afford to build a small inflation "buffer", letting price growth slightly overshoot the Fed's 2 percent target instead of shooting exactly for the target.
"I am at a point where two total rate increases in 2017 seem very safe. Three? It could work out that way if there is more confidence in the outlook. Four? It could work out that way if things proceed even better," they told reporters on the sidelines of a conference.
Commenting on a proposed U.S. border tax, Evans said the proposal had "some merits" but it would not trigger a massive change in the value of the dollar and the economy's own adjustment might be lengthy and at times painful.
(Reporting by Balazs Koranyi; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - David Goodhart has done something remarkable: they have written a book about British society that does not revolve around the concept of class. “The Road to Somewhere” argues that the decision to leave the European Union has exposed the division between cosmopolitan elites and those left behind by rapid change. Though the tension is real, the distinction serves as a faulty compass for policy.
Britain this week started the formal Brexit process. But even before the 2016 vote that led to that moment, social scientists had proposed a new political spectrum that goes beyond old divisions of left and right. At one end are the educated city-dwellers who have broadly embraced the “dual liberalisms” of economic development and increased social freedom. At the other are those who have shared in fewer of the benefits of liberalisation and have been unsettled by its consequences. Goodhart labels the two groups Anywheres and Somewheres. The Brexit referendum represented a rejection of the former by the latter.
Any attempt to divide a nation of 65 million into two groups is bound to involve sweeping generalisations. Voting patterns in the Brexit referendum defy such simplification. For example, many Scottish Nationalists who reject the authority of British political elites nonetheless favoured staying in the EU. Many free-trade enthusiasts who dislike regulation by Brussels campaigned to leave.
The author admits most people don't fit neatly into their two categories. Yet that does not prevent them from simplifying and exaggerating their perspectives. “A better globalisation is possible,” they write, “and a world order based on many Somewhere nation states co-operating is far preferable to one big supranational Anywhere.” Who exactly is advocating global government in this case is left unexplained.
Goodhart believes the Somewheres have been ignored for too long. They brandish statistics and opinion surveys to demonstrate that most Britons are less geographically mobile, not as accepting of diversity, and more troubled by widening inequality than the political and bureaucratic classes who make decisions on their behalf. These factors combined in a backlash against immigration that was one of the defining issues of the Brexit campaign.
This analysis has serious shortcomings. It does not explain why anti-immigrant sentiment is often strongest in those parts of the country with the fewest outsiders. It also tends to conflate economic anxieties ascribed to recent arrivals from eastern Europe with cultural tensions involving South Asian minorities, many of whom have lived in Britain for several generations. In this debate, however, feelings trump facts.
What Goodhart does, though, is grumpily lament a distant Britain. One that existed before free trade hollowed out manufacturing and created casual jobs, before tax cuts and global capitalism polarised the distribution of wealth, before the arrival of plumbers from Poland, and before Islam earned its “radical” prefix. Take the epic rant about the shortcomings of Britain's capital city: “If London is the future for the whole country, as some people argue, it is not a future that most people want,” they insist.
A former editor of the liberal magazine Prospect, Goodhart writes honestly about their privileged background and the intellectual process that eventually prompted them to reject their metropolitan brethren. Yet their defence of the “white British” tribe at times feels forced. It recalls those socialist intellectuals who once eulogised the working classes from the comfort of their London salons.
Besides, it's not as if all the groups they lump together as Somewheres would recognise a unified purpose. Former factory workers in the Northeast of England have few obvious overlapping interests with farmers in the Southwest. This lack of affinity highlights the difficulty of designing policies to narrow the divide.
Goodhart airs ideas such as reserving public sector jobs for British citizens, reviving apprenticeships to improve prospects for non-graduates, and reforming the electoral system to give a greater voice to smaller and regional political parties. But they admit that there is no clear coalition to support such an agenda. They also downplay economic considerations, such as the role that immigration plays in rejuvenating Britain's ageing workforce, or the extent to which activity in London and the Southeast subsidises the rest of the country.
Nine months after Brexit, British politics has yet to undergo a fundamental realignment. Perhaps the referendum signalled the start of a global backlash against economic and social liberalism. Or maybe it brought together a loose coalition of voters who are unlikely to agree on much else. “Of course change is ceaseless, it is one of the things that most of us do not like about human existence,” Goodhart writes. Oddly, this sentiment has helped to unleash the most wrenching change that Britain has experienced in many decades.
March 31 Advanced Card Systems Holdings Ltd :
* Tsui kam ling resigned as chairperson of board, an executive director
* Peng fang was appointed as an executive director
* Advanced card systems holdings ltd - wang hao was appointed as an executive director
* Cui yijun ,peng fang and wang hao as executive directors
* Peng fang was appointed as chairperson of board
* Wong chi kit resigned as an executive director
Source text 9bit.ly/2ojiv71)
Further company coverage:
That means, with the next formal round of talks scheduled for next month in Montreal, Mexico will be under pressure to start counter-proposing soon, Ujczo said.
"I think this (week in Washington) is a clean-up-the-text round. Clean up the text, and really tee up the issues for 2018. (But) my biggest fear is we're going to run out of clock in 2018," they said in an interview.
"If it becomes clear after Montreal that people aren't negotiating, that there's not a negotiation happening on autos and agriculture, they're going to say, 'What are you gonna do now, Mr. President?' And then the reality is, even if they don't want to act, they have to do some things by March ...
"If I was Canada and Mexico I wouldn't give them an excuse to issue a notice to withdraw ... You've got to counter-propose on some of these issues. And come up with creative solutions. Doing nothing is not an option here."
Trump themselves has cited the trade issue as a major reason they got elected.
The president said so in a speech to a partisan rally last Friday, where they revealed that they and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have debated in private about whether the U.S. has a trade deficit with Canada.
Trump insists it does. The most recent statistics from their own U.S. Trade Representative say it doesn't.
The fact that this controversial yardstick for economic success is even the subject of a debate, especially given that the balance is so tiny compared to the U.S. trade deficit with other countries, especially China, doesn't bode well, according to the former U.S. ambassador to Canada.
Bruce Heyman tweeted over the weekend: "When our trade negotiations devolve into a public they said/he said situation or a disagreement over a deficit or surplus that amounts to less than three per cent of total trade we are at an ominous point."
Canada's chief negotiator described the state of play in recent testimony to Parliament.
Steve Verheul said Canada is capable of making constructive suggestions, but they called the auto proposal completely unworkable, and said their side is trying to figure out what the U.S. really wants from this negotiation.
They said the other countries can offer solutions, if the U.S. wants solutions that benefit the region.
"We will not accept U.S. proposals that would fundamentally weaken the benefits of NAFTA for Canada, and undermine the competitiveness of the North American market in regard to the rest of the world," Verheul said.
"That is one of the issues we're struggling with: What does the U.S. need for a win? Because I think we can certainly bring a lot of creativity to the table in developing outcomes that could be characterized as a U.S. win, or as a North American win."
The Canadian Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK -- A woman climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty on the Fourth of July and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island, all of whom are believed to be protesters, law enforcement sources told CNN.
The woman is affiliated with Rise and Resist, Martin Joseph Quinn, an organizer for the group, told CNN. But Quinn added their climb was not part of the planned protest today. "She climbed without our knowledge. It was not part of our action. We are deeply concerned for their safety," Quinn said.
At one point, the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner. The other protesters, also with Rise and Resist, held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue.
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman, who was sitting in the folds of the statue's gown.
The NYPD is building a rope rescue system to help bring the woman down from the base, because officers don't believe they will come down on their own, a police source told CNN.
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down, according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service.
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene.
Guam governor Eddie Calvo says they are grateful US President Donald Trump is taking a strong stance against North Korean threats against their Pacific homeland
Published 2:05 PM, August 14, 2017
HAGATNA, Guam, USA (UPDATED) – Guam's leader said Monday, August 14, that "sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose", in a spirited defense of US President Donald Trump's rhetoric against North Korea which has the island in its crosshairs.
While Trump's critics accuse them of inflaming tensions with Pyongyang, Guam governor Eddie Calvo said they were grateful the US leader was taking a strong stance against North Korean threats to their Pacific homeland.
"Everyone who grew up in the schoolyard in elementary school, we understand a bully," Calvo told Agence France-Presse.
"(North Korean leader) Kim Jong-Un is a bully with some very strong weapons... a bully has to be countered very strongly."
Calvo, a Republican, said Trump was being unfairly criticized over their handling of the North Korea crisis, which escalated when Pyongyang announced plans to launch missiles toward Guam in a "crucial warning".
They said North Korea had threatened Guam – a US territory which hosts two large military bases and is home to more than 6,000 military personnel – at least three times since 2013.
Trump has responded by threatening "fire and fury", warning last week that the US military was "locked and loaded" to respond to any aggression.
"President Trump is not your conventional elected leader, what they say and how they say it is a lot different from what was said by previous presidents," Calvo said.
But they pointed out previous presidents had also used strong words to warn off Pyongyang, including Barack Obama who said last year that "we could, obviously, destroy North Korea with our arsenals".
"One president (Obama) said it one way, cool and calmly with a period... the other said fire and fury with an exclamation point, but it still leads to the same message," Calvo said.
They rejected suggestions that Trump and the North Korean dictator were as bad as each other when it came to the saber-rattling playing out in the western Pacific.
"Well there's only one guy that has vaporized into a red mist their uncle or a general because they fell asleep in a meeting with an anti-aircraft gun, that's Kim Jong-Un," they said.
"There's only one guy that's killed their brother with one of the most toxic nerve agents ever created, that's Kim Jong-Un."
'Safe place to visit'
Some regional players such as China have urged Trump to tone down their rhetoric but Calvo called on them to do more to contain Pyongyang, saying "no one wants to see a war".
"It's not only in the interests of America and its allies, but also China and Russia to see this fellow does not continue in their effort towards nuclearization or longer-range missiles," they said.
"You're allowed to voice those opinions without going to prison, whether you're for the military or against it, unlike North Korea," they said. They acknowledged there were "varying opinions" among Guam's 160,000 residents about the huge US military presence on the island but insisted the majority of inhabitants backed it.
Calvo also dismissed criticism of the US-operated THAAD weapons system, which has been deployed in Guam and is capable of destroying intermediate-range missiles in the final phase of flight.
"It's meant not to shoot people, it's meant to shoot at missiles that kill people," they said.
Calvo said they did not expect the crisis would have a major impact on the island's tourism industry, which draws more than 1.5 million tourists a year.
"Guam's a safe place to go to. Even though all this stuff is going on in the airwaves there has been no added threat level," they said.
"I'm welcoming all the people of the world to come visit Guam, it's a beautiful place." – Rappler.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after they were forced to lay in a ditch when they found themselves surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR they were out finishing work in their field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when they saw the weather around them take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says they were surrounded by tornados yesterday when their truck got stuck in the sand. They and three other people hid in a ditch as they watched tornados touch down around him. They spotted three total — two are in this video they shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. They watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. They turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of their truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and their crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Community Healthcare Trust Inc
* Community Healthcare Trust - on March 31, through operating partnership entered two separate interest rate swap agreements
* Community Healthcare Trust - agreements to fix interest rates on 7,5-year term loans, included in its second amended and restated credit agreement
* Community Healthcare Trust - each of swaps have notional amounts of $30.0 million, fixed LIBOR at 4.147% for 5-year term loan, 4.535% for 7-year term loan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Delta Air Lines Inc
* Delta Air Lines announces march quarter profit
* Delta Air Lines Inc qtrly total revenue $9,148 million versus $9,251 million
* Delta Air Lines Inc - qtrly passenger unit revenues declined 0.5 percent on 0.5 percent lower capacity
* Delta Air Lines Inc - qtrly earnings per diluted share of $0.82
* Delta Air Lines Inc sees Q2 operating margin 17% to 19%
* Delta Air Lines Inc sees Q2 fuel price, including taxes, settled hedges, refinery impact $1.68 - $1.73
* Delta Air Lines Inc - expect June quarter passenger unit revenues to increase one to three percent and remain positive throughout year
* Delta Air Lines Inc - qtrly adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.77
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.75, revenue view $9.18 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Delta Air Lines Inc - for June quarter, Delta is expecting its margins to expand relative to prior year
* Delta Air Lines Inc sees Q2 2017 passenger unit revenue up 1% - 3% compared to Q2 2016
* Delta Air Lines Inc - sees June quarter CASM-ex, including profit sharing up 6% - 8%
* Delta Air Lines Inc - currently estimates april storm impact will reduce its June quarter pre-tax income by $125 million.
* Delta Air Lines Inc - sees June quarter normalized CASM-ex, including profit sharing up 4% - 6%
* Delta Air Lines Inc - Sees June quarter system capacity up 0% - 1%
* Delta Air Lines Inc says expect entirety of 2017 margin pressure to have occurred in March quarter from higher fuel prices
* Delta Air Lines Inc - will reduce its planned pension contributions from $1.2 billion to $500 million for each of next three years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NO BOTTLE OPENER? NO PROBLEM How To Pop Open A Beer With A Piece Of Paper
Some people can get that cap off with their teeth or by banging the bottle strategically on a table. But for those of us too nervous to risk a chipped tooth or kitchen counter, this seems like a pretty good option.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
× Hundreds attend free workshop offering legal help to immigrants, refugees
SEATTLE– Seattle reaffirmed its commitment to remain a sanctuary city Saturday, despite push-back from the White House.
A mega-workshop offered free legal help to about a thousand immigrants and refugees. It was a packed house at McCaw Hall, where the event was held.
“They brought us in here step by step,” Said Guadalupe Hernandez who came with their mother who holds a Green Card.
About 800 volunteers helped Seattle-area immigrants and refugees get answers to their legal questions.
“I'm here to ask some questions about the citizenship,” said Josie Bernal who is seeking citizenship.
Getting citizenship is the end goal for most whether they're in the U.S. as an undocumented immigrant, refugee, or Green Card holder like Guadalupe Hernandez's mother.
“She's afraid Trump is going to get rid of those green cards and they won't be able for them to be here in the United States anymore,” said Hernandez.
The highly publicized death of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco by an undocumented immigrant put the spotlight on sanctuary cities.
“My administration is launching a nationwide crackdown on sanctuary cities,” said President Trump back in July.
Last month, the Depertment of Justice sent out letters threatening to take away federal dollars from sanctuary cities like Seattle.
“It seems like they're putting a lot of effort into figuring out ways to waste my time. They're sending out repeated communications demanding we do things that are not part of the four corners of the law,” said King County Executive Dow Constantine.
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan and others are standing firmly behind Seattle's sanctuary city status. With the lingering threat of federal action, immigrants and refugees Q13 News spoke with say now is the time to become US citizens.
“It is important because we should be able to vote we, should be able to do more, so I guess having a voice to say what you feel and really being called an American citizen for me; it will be a privilege and an honor,” said Bernal.
“She's very happy now and hopefully they pass their US Citizenship Exam,” said Hernandez about their mother.
LONDON Chelsea are favourites to win this weekend's FA Cup semi-final despite their recent stutter and Tottenham Hotspur's irresistible form, Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino insists.
Saturday's clash at Wembley creates a diversion from the duo's Premier League title race, which has burst to life after Tottenham sliced Chelsea's lead to four points with six games remaining.
While Antonio Conte's Chelsea side, who were 13 points clear a few weeks ago, have looked vulnerable in defeats by Crystal Palace and Manchester United, Tottenham have built up a head of steam with seven consecutive league wins.
"I think if there is one favourite it's Chelsea because they are top of the table, because of the experienced players and the manager that they have," Pochettino, whose Tottenham side lost the 2015 League Cup final to Chelsea, told reporters on Friday.
"We are talking about one of the best teams in Europe. Players that in the past five years have won European competitions and World Cups, a manager who won the league in Italy. They are more experienced than us.
"But we are in a good moment, too, and we are hungry to challenge this type of team. We are happy to fight with the best team in England for the Premier League and (FA) Cup."
Former Espanyol and Southampton manager Pochettino, in their third season in north London, is yet to win any silverware with Tottenham but if trophies were awarded for progress the Argentine would be ahead of their rivals.
Since the start of last season they have won 141 Premier League points -- 11 more than the second-best team, Manchester City, and 16 more than Chelsea.
A late collapse last season meant they finished third despite being the only club to push Leicester City for the title, and they are poised to improve on that.
"I remember three years ago when we signed here I remember the first few press conferences and I was asked how we can reduce the gap to the top four," they said.
"That was the main problem that Tottenham had. Now after three years not only have we reduced the gap to the top four we are fighting for the Premier League and to win titles.
"With six games to go we have 71 points. Last season we finished with 70. We have improved -- that is a reality. The team is playing in a good way, exciting football, scoring goals and not conceding too many chances.
MOMENTUM
"We have great momentum and that is the most important because that can change very quickly."
Pochettino said they were especially proud of their work despite the greater spending power of the clubs around them.
"It's a big thing that people include Tottenham in the same level as United, Chelsea, City, Arsenal and Liverpool," they said.
"It means a lot because we are in a very different project. Today, to beat Tottenham is a big, big challenge for everyone, which is good news for us."
(Reporting by Martyn Herman,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
Stanley “Stan” N. Nilles, 81, of Kingsley, passed away Sunday, June 24, 2018 at Mercy Medical Center in Sioux City, Iowa.
Funeral service will be held Thursday, June 28, at St. Michael Catholic Church in Kingsley, Iowa. Burial will be at St. Michael Catholic Cemetery, with a military graveside conducted by American Legion Nash Post 140 of Kingsley, Iowa.
Stan was born July 26, 1936, Remsen, Iowa, the son of Peter and Olga (Krieps) Nilles. They graduated from Remsen St. Mary's High School. After graduation they served the U.S. Army until their honorable discharge.
Stan and Shirley Sanow were united in marriage on December 29, 1958.
Following their marriage, they made their home in Kingsley, Iowa, where they raised their family.
Stan owned and operated their own business, Nilles Service, which later became Stan's Heating & Air, for 40 years until their retirement.
Stan was member of St. Michael Catholic Church, Knights of Columbus, where they were a 4th degree Knight, American Legion Nash Post 140 of Kingsley and VFW of Remsen, Iowa.
Survivors include their wife, Shirley, of Kingsley; daughters, Tammy (Tony) Paskert of Remsen, and Lisa (Tim) Carlson of Kingsley; and a son, Joe (Nanci) Nilles of Duluth, Georgia; seven grandchildren: Luke (Kelli) Paskert, Becky (Mike) Berkenpas, Randi (Jonathan)Nilles- Russell, Katie (Justin) Frericks, Austin (Lyndsie) Carlson, Kelsey Paskert and Taylor (Bobby) Kempers; and thirteen great-grandchildren.
Also four brothers: Dennis (Bev) Nilles, Peter (Judy) Nilles, Mark (Jean) Nilles all of LeMars, Tony (Julie) Nilles of Minnesota; and one sister, Clarice Bainbridge, LeMars; one sister-in-law, Florence Nilles of Remsen; and several nieces and nephews.
Stan was preceded in death by their parents; their father-in-law and mother-in-law; three sisters: Marcella Hansen, Betty Nilles and Ruth Grage; and two brothers, Lorne and George.
From their perch on their saddle early Friday morning, Clint McRoberts could look to the north and see Minnesota.But on this day — as on all Good Fridays for the past 50 years — the ride pointed south.Leo Deutsch sat in their van and smiled.“I don't know what I'd do with myself on the Friday before Easter if I didn't have this,” they said. “Great people, great cause. That's all you have to say.”Welcome to the Pony Express, the annual ride that begins on Good Friday just north of Lime Springs, which made its way through numerous towns — including New Hampton and Ionia — before stopping for the night in Iowa Falls and then heading to Camp Sunnyside in Des Moines, where other Pony Express rides throughout the state converged Saturday afternoon.For the complete story see the 4/18/2017 New Hampton Tribune.
(Reuters Health) - The likelihood that U.S. women with early-stage cancer in one breast will have both breasts removed varies depending on where they live, a new study shows.
For example, between 2010 and 2012, among women ages 20 to 44 with cancer in one breast, about 15 percent had both breasts removed in the District of Columbia, compared to about 49 percent in South Dakota.
"The variation is very striking," said senior author Ahmedin Jemal, of the American Cancer Society in Atlanta.
When women have breast cancer in one breast, having both breasts removed usually isn't helpful, experts say. Last year the American Society of Breast Surgeons issued a statement to discourage women with one-sided, or unilateral, breast cancer who don't have a genetic or family risk for the disease from undergoing a double, or contralateral, mastectomy.
Still, Jemal and their colleagues point out in JAMA Surgery, past research has found an increase in contralateral mastectomies among women with early stage cancer in one breast.
For women at average risk and cancer in one breast, "taking off the other breast doesn't significantly reduce the risk of a cancer on the other side, because their risk wasn't that high to begin with," said Dr. Laurie Kirstein, a breast surgical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City who wasn't involved in the new study.
To examine trends across states, the researchers analyzed data collected between 2004 and 2012 from more than 1.2 million women with early stage cancer in one breast.
Across the country, the proportion of such women ages 20 to 44 who opted for contralateral mastectomy rose from about 11 percent to about 33 percent. Over the same period, the proportion of similar women age 45 and older who had both breasts removed rose from about 4 percent to about 10 percent.
Rates of contralateral mastectomy varied by state but were consistently highest in women ages 20 to 44.
During the last two years of the study, more than 40 percent of women in that age range who lived in South Dakota, Iowa, Colorado, Missouri, Nebraska, Tennessee, Maine and Montana chose to have both breasts removed. That was true for less than 25 percent of such women who lived in New Hampshire, Delaware, New Jersey, Louisiana, Idaho, Alaska, South Carolina, Nevada, Massachusetts, Wyoming, Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
The researchers also looked at the proportion of women undergoing reconstructive surgery after having both breasts removed. They found that while the highest rates of double breast removals were generally clustered in the Midwest, the highest rates of breast reconstruction afterward were generally clustered in the Northeast.
Jemal told Reuters Health that the study can't explain why so many women are opting for contralateral mastectomies, but the rate in the U.S. is higher than in other countries.
For example, only 2 percent to 3 percent of women in the UK with cancer in one breast have the other breast removed, too, compared to 13.5 percent in the U.S.
The researchers didn't have information on how many of the women in the study were at higher risk for breast cancer because it runs in their family or because they had been treated in the past with radiation therapy to the chest.
Kirstein told Reuters Health that for women with a genetic predisposition to breast cancer, "the bilateral mastectomy is seen as a risk reducing procedure."
They said some women who aren't at higher risk still choose to have the cancer-free breast removed even after learning about the risks and benefits.
The variation in rates by state may be explained by healthcare access, income and what women suggest to each other about treatments, they told Reuters Health.
Doctors need to have detailed conversations with women about their treatment options, said Jemal.
"First, the surgeons have to have this discussion with the patient," they said. "Second, patients have to take time to make a decision. They don't want to make the decision right away, because anxiety is very high right after diagnosis."
Kirstein said they ask patients to think of how they'll feel about their decision in 10 years.
"We support whatever the patients want to do, but we want them to understand what they're doing," they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nE8hg7 and bit.ly/2nE7cEV JAMA Surgery, online March 29, 2017.
Summer vacation is coming to an end, and the Mississippi sales tax holiday has proven to be beneficial to local residents and boutiques.
A sales tax holiday is a temporary period when sales taxes are not collected or paid on purchases of specific products and/or services, according to the Mississippi Department of Revenue website.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 Midday' game
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the Iowa Lottery's "Pick 4 Midday" game were:
1-0-8-0
(one, zero, eight, zero)
FILE PHOTO - Workers fix containers at a construction site for a refugee centre to house asylum seekers in the Koepenick district of Berlin, Germany November 27, 2014. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
BERLIN Around 270,000 Syrians in Germany have the right to bring in their family members, a newspaper said on Wednesday - a statistic that could fuel the debate about migration less than six months before a national election.
Mass-selling tabloid Bild cited a government paper as showing a total of 431,376 Syrians applied for asylum in Germany in 2015 and 2016 and said that of those 267,500 would be entitled to family reunifications in Germany.
That could play into the hands of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which has lost support in recent months as the refugee issue recedes from the headlines ahead of a Sept. 24 election.
Senior AfD member Alexander Gauland condemned the figures, saying it was "absolute madness" to allow so many people to bring their families to Germany: "Billions and billions of tax money are being swallowed and the social state is being steered towards breakdown while our eyes are wide open."
Neither the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF) nor the Interior Ministry immediately responded to requests for comment on the report.
In 2016, the government decided to suspend family re-unifications for two years for migrants who get "subsidiary protection" - granted to people who are not considered as being persecuted individually but in whose home country there is war, torture or other inhumane treatment.
Syrians are the biggest group of asylum applicants in Germany. They are increasingly being granted subsidiary protection rather than refugee status and that means they are only granted the right of residence for a year, although this can be extended.
But Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU), their Bavarian sister party - the Christian Social Union (CSU) - and the Social Democrats (SPD), their junior coalition partner, decided last week to make exceptions for people with subsidiary protection status in hardship cases.
More than a million migrants flocked to Germany in 2015 and 2016 but arrivals have dropped significantly. The AfD, which has made immigration one of its key rallying points, is currently on between 7 and 11 percent in opinion polls, above the 5 percent threshold to enter parliament.
CSU leader Horst Seehofer told German magazine Stern tackling the AfD was a main aim.
"If we govern the country sensibly and don't attack each other personally in the election campaign, we can push the AfD under 5 percent," Seehofer said.
However, while their party is behind Merkel in the election campaign they said it was sticking to its demand for a cap on the number of migrants coming here - a proposal which the chancellor has rejected.
In 2016, some 280,000 migrants arrived in Germany, a sharp drop compared with 890,000 the previous year. Bild said while there were no numbers for 2017 yet, the federal police had already caught more than 20,000 illegal migrants on the borders in the first three months of this year.
Separately, the German cabinet on Wednesday approved a draft law that would prevent child marriages conducted abroad from being recognised in Germany. It says marriages should automatically be void if at least one of the partners was younger than 16 at the time they wed.
(Additional reporting by Thorsten Severin; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters they hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal "maybe when they stand trial" and went on to describe them as a "sitting premier, sitting in trial."
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying they would "ignore their baseless legal threat." Their lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
"The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation," Wynne's lawyers wrote.
"The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that they knew to be false, their ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and their high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant."
Wynne's spokesperson said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
"We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for their defamatory remarks," Jenn Beaudry wrote. "It should be that simple. However, if they continue to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action."
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday agreed to allow genetic testing company 23andMe to market tests directly to consumers to assess their predisposition to develop 10 diseases, including Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Celiac disease.
The FDA said the tests are intended to provide genetic risk information but cannot determine a person's overall risk of developing a disease or condition.
"In addition to the presence of certain genetic variants, there are many factors that contribute to the development of a health condition, including environmental and lifestyle factors," the agency said in a statement.
The company's genetic health risk reports (GHR) work by testing saliva samples for more than 500,000 genetic variants whose presence or absence may be associated with the conditions approved by the FDA.
Included in the list are Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, a disorder that raises the risk of lung and liver disease, Factor XI deficiency, a blood clotting disorder, Gaucher disease type 1, an organ and tissue disorder, early-onset primary dystonia, a movement disorder, and various blood disorders.
The FDA said it reviewed data for the company's tests under a regulatory pathway for novel, low-to-moderate-risk devices that are not substantially equivalent to an already marketed device. The agency also established criteria known as special controls clarifying its expectations for assuring the tests' accuracy and reliability.
The FDA said 23andMe will not be required to submit additional tests for review prior to being marketed. The special controls will also act as a benchmark for other companies developing similar tests. The tests cannot be used to actually diagnose disease.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler)
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
A day of action by officers in Wakefield resulted in 13 people being handed fixed penalty notices, two illegal immigrants arrested and a car being seized.
The operation on Friday was carried out largely to tackle anti-social behaviour in the city centre, specifically within Wakefield Council's public spaces protection order area (PSPO).
The 13 tickets handed out were for street drinking, urinating in a public place and littering.
In addition, they also dealt with two people who were in possession of drugs and arrested one man for being drunk and disorderly.
Officers accompanied immigration officers to four locations in the city where two people were arrested, one of which had been wanted since 2011.
Finally, a number of vehicles were inspected by taxi licensing and offences dealt with, while a silver Renault was also seized after the driver was found to be driving illegally.
A police spokesperson said: “We will continue to target crime and anti-social behaviour within Wakefield city centre and we thank you for the public's continued support.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Local Baker, Leanne Fletcher from Big Herm's Kitchen shared their three layer Pina Colada cake recipe complete with a splash of rum.
Big Herm's Kitchen is located at 315 N 2nd St. in Richmond. For more information you can visit http://www.bighermskitchenrva.com
Dates, Location Set for 2nd Annual Risk Management Course
0 comments Posted on Feb 13, 2017 in News
Organizers have announced that the 2nd annual Risk Management in Underground Construction course will be held Nov. 28-29, 2017, at the Residence Inn Arlington Capital View in Arlington, Virginia. The venue is located adjacent to Reagan National Airport and just across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C. Complimentary shuttle service is available to and from Reagan National Airport and the Metro station.
The first Risk Management in Underground Construction course was held Nov. 14-16 in Miami. The event brought together more than 60 professionals representing contractors, owners, consultants, insurance companies, vendors, and law firms.
“Risk management is such an important issue when it comes to successfully completing modern tunnel projects,” said course director Levent Ozdemir, Ozdemir Engineering. “Without an understanding of the risks up front, and frank discussion of the risk between the parties involves, projects can become involved in disputes that benefit no one.
RELATED: Risk Management Course Held in Miami
“The second Risk Management in Underground Construction course will build on what we developed in the first course to help foster understanding and collaboration to help ensure successful projects.”
The intimate setting of the event promotes open discussion between presenters and attendees. Topics to be covered include contracting practices, geotechnical baseline reports, funding, insurance, risk registers, and best practices.
Risk Management in Underground Construction is presented by Ozdemir Engineering, Microtunneling Inc. and Benjamin Media Inc., publisher of TBM: Tunnel Business Magazine.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set in Times Square, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.”
Carey representative Nicole Perna blames technical difficulties. In an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance and “set them up to fail.”
The production company calls such claims “absurd.”
Before college, Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011. A Thornlea classmate, Ari Blaff, told CBC News they recall Minassian was "sort of in the background," not the centre of any particular group of friends.
"He wasn't overly social," Blaff told the news broadcaster.
Both Thornlea and Seneca declined to discuss them Tuesday.
____
A STINT IN THE MILITARY
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year, but their stay was brief.
The Department of National Defence says they were a member of the military from Aug. 23 to Oct. 25, but didn't complete their recruit training. They asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days, the department said.
___
A BITTERNESS TOWARD WOMEN?
Shortly before Monday's attack on a crowded Toronto street, a chilling post appeared on Minassian's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, before apparently shooting themselves to death in 2014.
Calling Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman," the Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term "incel" — for involuntarily celibate — in online posts raging at women for rejecting them romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that "Private (Recruit) Minassian" is speaking, and Facebook confirmed that the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect. The social networking site took down their account after the attack, saying in a statement Tuesday, "There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts."
By The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRIGHTON, Mich. -- A Michigan auto dealership posted a sign discouraging people from giving money to a panhandler after managers said they offered them a job – and they turned it down.
A sign displayed on a car at the Honda dealership was created as a public service announcement, according to WDIV.
It reads:
"Please do not give anything to this panhandler. We offered them a full-time job at $10 per hour. They said, 'I make more than any of you,' and they did not want the job. Please donate to a more worthy cause."
Workers at the Honda dealership declined to comment on camera, but there were plenty of comments on social media. The sign and its message went viral.
"It's a scam," Brighton resident Dan Golem told WDIV. "People like me, people like you, we're working trying to provide for our families, and they're just standing there."
Felicia Tubbs, who works at the Shell Gas Station across the street, said they took pizza to the car dealership employees.
"I don't like them standing there. No one else does, either. I think it's great that the dealership put some effort into trying to get rid of them," Tubbs told WDIV.
For over a year, they said a duo of panhandlers would stand at the road with signs saying, "Homeless, please help." Drivers knew them and described them as a father and son.
"At first, you feel bad for them," a driver said. "But then it's day after day, week after week."
Police got involved Tuesday, June 13th, and arrested the pair, according to WDIV.
Tubbs told the station they saw the same men asking for money shortly after the arrest. They said they snapped the picture of the men with a new sign that reads, "You can't afford a one-bedroom apartment on $10 per hour." The other one reads, "The median income in Livingston County is $70,000."
Michigan State Police troopers said two people were arrested for vagrancy and disorderly conduct. Their names weren't released because they haven't been charged.
The sign at the dealership has been taken down.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
TIMMINS -
The Timmins Rock will roll out the red carpet for NHL Hall of Famer Paul Coffey on March 5.
Coffey is scheduled to headline the first Timmins Rock Celebrity Sports Dinner/Fundraiser at the Porcupine Dante Club on that date and they will also be on hand at the McIntyre Arena when the Rock play their final game of the 2016-17 NOJHL regular season against the visiting Powassan Voodoos earlier in the day.
Having played part of their junior hockey career with the Greyhounds in Sault Ste. Marie, Coffey is no stranger to Northern Ontario, but this will be their first visit to Timmins.
“I am really looking forward to it,” they told The Daily Press.
The Edmonton Oilers great never had the opportunity to suit up with the Timmins Tornado, Steve Sullivan, but they can remember playing against them during their NHL days.
“He was a good, crafty, little centreman,” Coffey said.
The Hall of Famer who holds dozens of NHL records, won numerous Norris trophies, made 14 all-star appearances and hoisted the Stanley Cup four times was recently included among the list of the NHL's 100 Greatest Players.
“That's a huge honour,” Coffey said.
“Listen, you are lucky enough to play in the NHL, you are lucky enough to win the Stanley Cup, you never even dream of being in the Hockey Hall of Fame and then, to be recognized as one of the Top 100 of all time, pretty much tops everything.
“It's an incredible honour just to be out in California with all of those great players.”
Coffey, easily among the Top 5 defenceman to ever play the game, had the privilege, of course, of playing with both Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux during their illustrious career.
What was it like to play with those two legends?
“That's part of what I am going to talk about when I am in Timmins,” Coffey said, suggesting readers will have to attend the dinner to get the entire scoop.
“I can tell you they were both great players and great human beings.”
Coffey will also have plenty of advice for any aspiring young players in the audience.
“There are different routes to get to the NHL,” they said.
“Luckily for me, I went to Sault Ste. Marie, played a couple of years of junior and then was fortunate enough to turn pro, but there are lots of different ways to do it. There is nothing wrong with playing college or university hockey. It's great. An education package is good to have. You always need something to fall back on.”
One of Coffey's sons, Blake, is currently a member of the Brockville Braves' blue-line and is quite familiar with a pair of former Braves — Jacob Shankar and Dean Kiriacou — who are currently with the Timmins Rock.
“He is trying to get an NCAA opportunity,” they said.
“He is a good student and a good kid. They work hard.”
Being able to help coach their youngsters helped Coffey make the transition from being an active NHL player.
“I had a chance to coach my two boys while they were growing up, which helped to fill a pretty big void,” Coffey said.
“I made a commitment that I wanted to be around them when they were growing up and I have had a chance to do that and I wouldn't have traded it for the world. Our oldest is 21, our middle is 19 and our youngest is 13 and playing minor bantam.”
Coffey has no regrets about their Hall of Fame playing career, or when they opted to call it a day.
“That's the one thing about the sport, when it's over, it's over,” they said.
“I am always going to be a fan of the game of hockey. I love it. I think it is the greatest game in the world. There are some players I really enjoy watching. The long and the short of it is when the game is played right, there is nothing better.
“The one thing I do miss is being 25.”
Coffey was excited to learn that Doug Gilmour's son Tyson will be on the ice with the Powassan Voodoos when they drop the puck prior to the start of the March 5 contest.
“No way, I love Tyson,” they said.
“That is awesome. It's going to be great. I am really looking forward to it.”
Coffey, who owns an automobile dealership in Bolton, Ont., enjoys getting a chance to speak to fans young and old.
“I have done a few sports banquets here and there,” they said.
“I like to speak about my philosophy on hockey and my experiences over the years and then open things up for a little Q and A. Fans can ask me anything and everything. I will answer whatever.”
It is interesting to note, Coffey was not always a defenceman.
“Davey Keon was my favourite player when I was growing up,” they said.
“He was the captain of the Toronto Maple Leafs and at that point, I was a centreman. I didn't play defence until I was nine years old and then, of course, Bobby Orr was my favourite. How could you not like Bobby?”
Tickets for the Timmins Rock Celebrity Sports Dinner/Fundraiser went on sale Friday and Ted Gooch, a member of the team's board of directors, said they have been selling like hotcakes.
“The response has been very positive,” they said.
“Ticket sales are going very well, especially considering they have only been on sale for about four days now.”
With only 325 tickets available for the event, organizers are anticipating they will sell out quickly.
“Anybody who is interested in coming to the event should call in to make sure they get their tickets before we sell out,” Gooch said.
The tickets, which include admission to the four-course dinner, where Coffey will give a 20-minute talk, take part in a question-and-answer session and sign autographs, as well as admission to the Voodoos vs Rock game in the afternoon, are selling for $100.
Tickets can be purchased during regular business hours at CORE Business Solutions or at NAPA Southend Auto Parts.
“There is a seating chart available, so people can see what seats are available,” Gooch said.
“People can also call me at 705-531-3355, or email me at t.gooch@corebusinesssolutions.ca to reserve their tickets.”
There will be plenty of sports memorabilia available in silent auctions at the Timmins Rock Celebrity Sports Dinner/Fundraiser.
“In addition to Coffey stuff, there will be some Montreal Canadiens stuff and some Auston Matthews Toronto Maple Leafs stuff,” Gooch said.
“We have some Mitch Marner autographed photos. We have some Doug Gilmour autographed pucks. We have some Carey Price photographs.
“There will be a lot of NHL autographed memorabilia up for grabs. For example, we have a lot of stuff from last year's Stanley Cup champions, the Pittsburgh Penguins. There are some Evgeny Malkin, Kris Letang and Marc-Andre Fleury items. We also have some Nathan MacKinnon autographed photos, John Tavaras autographed New York Islanders stuff.
“We also want to let the fans who are coming to the event know they can bring their own items for Paul to autograph, if they have some stuff in their personal collections, whether it is an old Edmonton Oilers jersey, or some Paul Coffey hockey cards. Paul will be more than happy to sign them for their fans.”
Season ticket holders and others who already have tickets to the March 5 contest against the Voodoos, will still receive additional tickets to the game when they purchase their tickets for the Timmins Rock Celebrity Sports Dinner/Fundraiser, which should help pack the Mac.
“We are really expecting a big crowd that day,” Gooch said.
“Those two points could be critical in terms of where we finish in the standings and we are hoping to create an electric atmosphere.”
The game against the Voodoos at the McIntyre Arena will start at 2 p.m., with the Timmins Rock Celebrity Sports Dinner/Fundraiser scheduled to get underway at 6 p.m.
Watch the hearing on Rappler
Published 12:37 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – 3 House of Representatives panels – the committee on public order and safety, tourism, and the committee on games and amusement – continue their investigation into the June 2 shooting and arson attack on Resorts World Manila Wednesday, June 14. – Rappler.com
By SAM ZEFF
After four years of planning for concealed carry in Kansas government buildings, you might expect that officials would have the wrinkles ironed out — that they would have considered all the possibilities.
But there is still confusion, and it starts at Cedar Crest, the stately governor's mansion on the west side of Topeka.
Kansas governors have lived there since 1962. It's open for tours on Mondays from 1-3:30 p.m. and hosts the occasional public function.
And, it turns out, it's a bit of a magic mansion.
“It's a public property when it's open to the public and it's a private residence for the governor and their family,” says Lt. Adam Winters, spokesperson for the Kansas Highway Patrol, the agency that is responsible for security at Cedar Crest.
Winters says Cedar Crest is a private residence when the governor or their family is at home, and if they wanted to ban guns they could. But it turns into a public building like the statehouse, department of motor vehicles or a college lecture hall when they are gone, they say, and firearms must be allowed.
How did the Highway Patrol reach that conclusion?
“I went and I did all the research that I could to find the answers for you. I used several avenues to get that information,” says Winters.
But Winters did not provide further explanation. Is there a statute? A regulation? Why does the building's status change depending on whether Gov. Brownback or their family is there?
This much is known: In June, before KCUR began asking questions, signs banning guns were posted at Cedar Crest and the park surrounding it.
When first asked whether those signs would stay up after July 1 — when the state's concealed carry law expanded to all government buildings — the Capitol Police, the part of the Highway Patrol that protects Cedar Crest, said “absolutely yes” and cited a 2011 law.
That legislation banned guns in Cedar Crest, the park and other government buildings.
But then in 2013, the Legislature passed the Personal and Family Protection Act, essentially opening up the carrying of concealed guns almost everywhere. But the ban on guns at Cedar Crest wasn't specifically repealed, which explains why the Capitol Police initially said the ban on guns in the governor's mansion would continue.
But the state soon changed its tune. A few days after KCUR's phone call with the Capitol Police, the no-gun signs were gone and the Highway Patrol offered its explanation of how Cedar Crest is different from all other state-owned buildings.
Or is it?
“The way the Kansas law is written, there are no buildings that are exempt from the Family and Personal Protection Act,” says Breeze Richardson, spokesperson for the Kansas Board of Regents.
Where do Kansas colleges fit into the story?
It turns out that the CEOs of the Regents' six universities live in state-owned mansions, just like Cedar Crest.
“A CEO's private residence is a state-owned building in the same way that a major academic building would be or an athletic facility,” Richardson says.
The Personal and Family Protection Act actually prohibits college professors or a potential dormitory roommate from even asking if someone is carrying a concealed pistol. That also goes for university CEOs, who often use their mansions for fundraising.
“That's correct. My understanding is that you cannot ask or require a list of any kind of who is carrying concealed,” Richardson says.
What does a university president think about being forced to potentially allow people who might have a gun into their home?
KCUR asked Richard Myers, who has been Kansas State University president for about 18 months.
“Well, you know, I probably already have because the definition of concealed is you don't see it,” says Myers.
They also stress that many K-State faculty and staff support allowing concealed carry on campus.
Myers is a former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a combat fighter pilot with a Distinguished Flying Cross, so they know something about weapons.
And just like their colleagues, Myers is required to live in the campus house. They say they are not worried about their safety. But they are worried the concealed carry law will drive away good people from the university.
“Unfortunately, very unfortunately, we'll lose some really capable faculty members over this. And perhaps staff as well,” Myers says.
Myers' house, the other campus CEO mansions and Cedar Crest are all houses for transients — the occupants regularly change.
So while Gov. Brownback's spokesperson says Brownback has no qualms about letting people who are packing pistols into Cedar Crest, Brownback is leaving soon for a job in the Trump administration. Plus there's an election next year.
At this point, then, it's fair to say that, despite all the planning for concealed carry, there is still confusion.
Sam Zeff covers education for the Kansas News Service and is co-host of the political podcast Statehouse Blend Kansas. Follow them on Twitter @SamZeff.
NEW YORK, April 3 Wall Street fell on Monday as auto sales disappointed and investors questioned whether the Trump administration would deliver on its pro-business economic stimulus.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 13.01 points, or 0.06 percent, to 20,650.21, the S&P 500 lost 3.88 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,358.84 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 17.06 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,894.68. (Reporting by Sinead Carew; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting their very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has their own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for theirs name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for Their Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for their legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for their artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
NetAccess Systems is holding a seminar on "Digital Transformation: Changing the Way We Live" April 26 from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
The free session is being held at the Hamilton Technology Centre at 7 Innovation Dr. in Dundas.
The seminar will explore what it means to be an intelligent community and how it will impact business for those working and living in Hamilton, which has been named to the Intelligent Community Forum's Top 7 intelligent communities in the world.
Rob McCann, president of the Hamilton Technology Centre, will be the speaker at the event. The founder of Clearcable Networks is an inaugural board member of the Intelligent Community Forum Canada.
Aspiring entrepreneurs and current business owners are invited to a Generation Z Hamilton networking event on Dec. 12.
The meeting, which runs from 7 to 9 p.m., offers a chance to build connections, learn from experts and hear success stories from keynote speakers.
There will be a panel of three entrepreneurs sharing their own stories as business owners.
The session is being held at CoMotion on King, 115 King St. E.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Bishita The Old Fisherman situa den Weststraat cu un menu amplio. Yama na 5883648 pa haci bo pedido. AFL.15,- lunch special @The Old Fisherman. Siman di 28 mei-1 Juni,2018!
🔥 Diaranzon 30 mei
* Pasta chicken carbonara
* Fish fillet a la meunière
🔥 Diahuebs 31 mei
* Galiña stoba
* Breaded fish
🔥 Diabierna 1 juni
* Kerrie-Kerrie
* Grilled chicken
No Lubida! Den aña 2018, 30% riba tur plato principal pa local, henter dia!
Tel: 5883648
Comments
comments
Donald Trump forgot the pain and suffering every America felt watching the WTC fall. The Ukrainian people experienced 5 times the pain we suffered here in the US. their 911 pain and suffering was by the hands of Vladimir Putin who viscously killed over 10,000 Ukrainians and took their land Crimea. Now Donald Trump wants to befriend Vladimir Putin and lift sanctions that at least 13 other countries joined in to force Putin to return Crimea back to Ukraine.
After the 911 attack on the United States of America, the TV was on 24/7. TV ad sales went through the roof, while people were holding on to their children, some went for their guns, others went on their knees in prayer. The store shelfs went empty and gas prices went over five dollars per gallon in some places. Many did not go to work that day, and people on vacation saw the fun and relaxation turn into their worst memory. Gun stores across the country sold out of guns and ammunition.
Today, a historical show on TV about 911 is so low, people wonder why documentaries of 911 still exist. Books written about 911 once sold for over 30 dollars a copy are so unpopular dollar stores don't even carry them on their shelves. We forgot about the first responders. I went to a yard sale last Summer and sadly saw a book about 911 in a box of free stuff, I took it home.
On the anniversary of 911, many newspapers leave out the story all together. Many newspapers put the 911 story on the back pages. TV news about 911 has grown shorter in time as the years go by.
In less than 24 hours from this moment, a new year will begin. For all who forgot about the worst day in America history, beware. The over two thousand people that died that day are not here to remind you of the terror of knowing the building they were in would end their lives. The people on the air planes who saw the building before impact are not here to remind you of the fear they experienced before impact. The phone calls to families who heard their loved ones' voice saying I love you and goodbye and hearing the crumpling sound of buildings have been forgotten by America.
Now that we have Donald Trump stating they want to lift sanctions on the terrorist Russian government who caused the 911 of the Ukrainian people, what are we to think, did we all forget 911? Donald Trump ran on a message of hate and bigotry, the Republican Christians who came running by the Millions to vote for a hate message will be responsible for the next 911 caused by Donald Trump. This time we will never let you forget.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The time has now passed to put your hero forward for our Heart of Bath Awards 2018.
Over the next eight weeks we will be revealing the winner of each category in the run up to the awards ceremony at Bath Racecourse on June 7.
Each category winner has made the city a little better through their acts of kindness, bravery or determination.
Our first category winner is Freddie Aston, recipient of the Young Person of the Year Award.
The nine-year-old made headlines over the festive period, when they decided to donate some of their Christmas money to homeless man Eli John James.
James was arrested in early December after they refused to leave the doorway of the Westgate Buildings Travelodge where they had been sleeping.
They were sentenced to three weeks in jail and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £115.
Freddie, along with their mum Lucy Aston, first learned about James' plight in the Chronicle.
Ms Aston had met James when they came in to the church they taught yoga at. They would often come by to shelter from the rain, use the toilet or have a cup of tea and a chat.
When they aren't seen for a few weeks, Ms Aston began to worry that maybe they had fallen ill. It was then that they read about their arrest and subsequent charge.
They said: “Lots of people have said to me that maybe they wanted to go to prison for somewhere to sleep over the festive period. Of course that's possible - we don't know - but it seems nonsensical to fine someone who has no real means of paying it back.”
This led to Ms Aston setting up a fundraising page, and young Freddie pledging money to the cause.
Sadly, Eli John James has not been seen for some months and so the funds, which ended up totalling £225, were donated to Julian House.
The charity is the largest support network for homeless people in Bath and as well as offering the basics of food and shelter it also offers support for those suffering from addiction or domestic violence, as well as help with work and training.
Julian House's community and events fundraiser, Stephen Chesworth, accepted the cheque from Freddie on behalf of the charity last month.
At the time they said: "We're very grateful to Freddie and their mum Lucy for giving this amount of money.
"Every donation is very important so if the public would like to continue to support us that would be extremely grateful.
"We've been trying to find Mr James since their release, and we will continue to do so and hopefully pay any outstanding fine.
"The rest of it is for Julian House. It will go towards all our different projects in and around Bath."
Freddie said: "I just feel really happy that we raised enough money to help that man. I just want to say thank you to lots of the people that gave money.
"It's really cold outside so I hope the money will be able to help people without a home to find somewhere warm to sleep."
Freddie and their family will now join other category winners at the Heart of Bath Awards in the summer, where a final overall winner will be revealed.
The Heart of Bath Awards - sponsored by Curo - will be a lunchtime event on June 7 at Bath Racecourse.
It will include a meal and a chance to meet all of our incredible winners and sponsors. Tickets for the event cost £27 and can be purchased at http://www.heartofbathawards.co.uk/event/tickets/
* Dollar hits day's high of 100.53 in European trading
* Investors look forward to U.S. jobs report on Friday
* Speculators trim net long dollar positions -IMM data
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 3 The dollar edged up in European trading on Monday as investors shrugged off a lack of motives to buy it last week and awaited more clarity on the strength of the U.S. economy and pace of future interest rate hikes.
After wobbling in Asian trading hours, the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies, ticked 0.2 percent higher in morning European trade.
It hit a day's high of 100.53, holding well above its fourth month low of 98.85 hit last week in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to get a healthcare reform bill passed in March.
"I think it's fair to say we have a little bit of softness creeping in largely on the back of some of the slightly less hawkish comments from Dudley, but we have seen a slight uptick," said Rabobank currency strategist Christian Lawrence in London, referring to comments by New York Fed President William Dudley.
"But the real focus is going to be in the week ahead given how much data we have coming out ... which of course is absolutely key in trying to assess whether we will see another hike from the Fed in June."
Investors will look at this week's non-farm payrolls report closely. Economists polled by Reuters predict the U.S. economy will have added 180,000 jobs in March.
A spate of mixed U.S. economic data on Friday reinforced the U.S. Federal Reserve's view that the economy is growing at a steady but not rapid pace.
Speculators reduced bullish bets on the U.S. dollar for the first time in four weeks in the week ended March 28, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday and calculations by Reuters.
Investors also parsed comments from Fed officials on Friday, some of which pressured the greenback. Markets are currently pricing in more than a 50 percent chance that the central bank will hike interest rates at its June meeting, the second of the three increases expected this calendar year.
New York Fed's Dudley said the central bank could begin trimming its bond portfolio this year - earlier than many economists expect - but also said that it was in no rush to tighten monetary policy.
St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari also said on Friday they expect rate increases this year, but both were cautious about the U.S. economy.
"Neither Bill Dudley, New York Fed President and the godfather of monetary policy doves, nor James Bullard, St. Louis Fed President and unconventional mastermind of the FOMC, provided new momentum for the market regarding the Fed outlook over the past few days," Commerzbank analysts wrote in a note to clients.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Game of Thrones fans, prepare yourself for another wedding. Don't worry, though: This one won't be red.
Kit Harington (aka Jon Snow) and Rose Leslie (aka Ygritte) are engaged and expect all of Westeros to attend their nuptials.
““I rang [the producer] up and I said, ‘I'm getting married and it's your fault actually'… I was like, ‘You need to factor in a Game of Thrones wedding by the way.' They [The cast] have all got to be there so the whole thing has got to shut down,” the groom-to-be said on the U.K.'s Jonathan Ross Show, according to The Evening Standard.
Harington and Leslie, both 30, began dating on-and-off in 2012 after playing love interests on the HBO fantasy series. They confirmed their engagement last month with a traditional classified advert in The Times.
But the hunky actor admitted to bungling the proposal.
“I did have some plans to do it, I was going to string up some lights in some trees and do all the romantic stuff, but we were in the country and we were under this beautiful night sky and had a log fire burning and red wine and I blew my load early,” they said before laughing at the sexual insinuation.
“Sorry that's a really bad expression!” they said.
The eighth and final season of Game of Thrones will premiere in 2019.
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3380, or 74.74 U.S. cents * Bond prices higher across the yield curve TORONTO, March 29 The Canadian dollar was little changed on Wednesday against its broadly stronger U.S. counterpart as prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, rose for the second straight day. Despite an increase in U.S. crude inventories, oil added to gains, benefiting from Libyan supply disruptions and expectations that an output cut led by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries would be extended. U.S. crude prices were up 0.27 percent at $48.5 a barrel. The U.S. dollar rose against a basket of major currencies after a Reuters report that European Central Bank policymakers were wary of making any changes to their policy message in April pressured the euro. At 9:19 a.m. ET (1319 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3380 to the greenback, or 74.74 U.S. cents, slightly stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3383, or 74.72 U.S. cents. The loonie traded in a range of C$1.3356 to C$1.3401. On Tuesday, it touched C$1.3415, its weakest point in nearly two weeks. The steady bias on Wednesday for the currency came one day after the Bank of Canada stuck to its cautious tone. The nation's economy would tip into recession if interest rates were raised today, said Stephen Poloz, the central bank's governor. Still, economists expect Canada's gross domestic product to show a 0.3 percent rise for January, which could set the stage for a stronger performance in the first quarter than initially expected. The January GDP data is due for release on Friday. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 3 Canadian cents to yield 0.725 percent and the 10-year rising 20 Canadian cents to yield 1.604 percent. On Tuesday, the two-year yield hit its lowest in nearly seven weeks at 0.719 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
April 13 Huarong International Financial Holdings Ltd
* Liu Xiaodong has resigned as an executive director and chairperson
* Lai Jinyu has been appointed as an executive director and chief executive officer.
* Wang Qiang, currently an executive director and chief executive officer, has been re-designated as chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 U.S. private employers added 177,000 jobs in April, slightly above economists' expectations, a report by a payrolls processor showed on Wednesday. Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 175,000 jobs, with estimates ranging from 140,000 to 236,000. Private payroll gains in the month earlier were revised down to 255,000 from an originally reported 263,000 increase. The report is jointly developed with Moody's Analytics. The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment. Economists polled by Reuters are looking for U.S. private payroll employment to have grown by 185,000 jobs in April, up from 89,000 the month before. Total non-farm employment is expected to have risen by 185,000. The unemployment rate is forecast to tick up to 4.6 percent from the 4.5 percent recorded a month earlier. ADP private Month Reuters Prior month Prior Economists Low High payroll Poll original month Polled Estimate Estimate revised 177,000 April 175,000 263,000 255,000 38 140,000 236,000 (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Selena Gomez has praised Katherine Langford's "strength and softness" after they picked up their first Golden Globe nomination.
The 21-year-old Australian actor has been nominated for the best performance by an actor in a drama television series award for their role as Hannah Baker in the Netflix series '13 Reasons Why'.
And pop superstar Selena - who worked as a producer on the show - couldn't hide their excitement as they took to social media to share their pride in the young actor.
Posting a professional picture of themselves and Katherine at a red carpet event for the launch of the show, 25-year-old Selena said: "AND to this gorgeous, kind hearted lady. You endured this character with such strength and softness. @katherinelangford I am so proud you are being acknowledged for doing just that! GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEE!!! Ladies are shining! (sic)"
The 'Bad Liar' hitmaker also announced that season two of the hit show - which tackles the difficult topic of teenage suicide - has finished filming and is coming soon.
Posting pictures from what appears to be the show's wrap party, Selena wrote: "And this year wraps up with another committed journey with @13reasonswhy -Season 2 is coming. To every person on this project, thank you for coming back. Good or bad we are committed to having the tough conversations, to telling the story that can start change. (sic)"
Meanwhile, Katherine - whose casting in the series marked their first major role in film or television - released a statement expressing their "sheer excitement" to have landed the prestigious nomination.
It read: "Words can not express my sheer excitement and gratitude for being nominated by the HFPA this morning for portraying 'Hannah Baker,' a young woman whom I have come to truly love and understand. Hannah's story resonated with so many people, and I feel truly grateful to Netflix, Paramount TV, Brian Yorkey, Tom McCarthy, Selena Gomez, and all of our tremendous producers ... and to our incredibly talented cast - who are also my dear friends, and our wonderful crew for bringing this story to life. Most of all, my sincere hope is that the recognition continues to shine a light on so many of the important life issues and struggles we portray in '13 Reasons Why'. I'm forever grateful to have been given this opportunity and will continue to work hard to bring dignity, respect, and grace to such a powerful character."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – While a Kansas City firefighter was on duty, two men kicked in their front door and stole their belongings. It happened Saturday morning as two men broke in to the home while a camera was rolling. Police are still searching for those two, who they believe have been targeting other homes in the area.
It began with the ring of the doorbell, the Koehler family dog jumps on their seat to see who's there. With two kicks, the first suspect enters the home unaware a camera is watching their every move.
“It's terrifying.”
Homeowner Ryan Koehler is a Kansas City, Mo. firefighter and was on duty when their phone alerted them there was movement in their living room - their wife got the same text. Through an app, the two watched what was happening in real time.
“I was like, 'oh, it's just the dog walking around. That's when I saw them kick in the door. I literally just started shaking,” Kelsey Koehler said.
“Your heart sinks,” Ryan Koehler said.
The first suspect walked around before intently heading back to the bedrooms when the other suspect walks in. You can hear them talking about grabbing the TV and walking towards the living room to try and take it off the wall. After taking the TV and other electronics, the two were gone.
“It's nerve-wracking. Kind of makes you sick to your stomach. When my wife comes home they check every door, looks under the bed makes sure no one's here.”
Other homes have been hit in their neighborhood. Police believe it could be the same suspects targeting the area. The couple has filed a police report but with no arrests have been made in the case.
To say they're feeling uneasy doesn't even begin to cover it. They say their dog is traumatized and now, with a baby on the way, they're having trouble feeling safe in their own home.
“It just makes you angry. It's karma. It's gonna catch up to you. Eventually you're gonna knock the door down, and somebody's gonna be waiting behind that door.”
May 2 Arnoldo Mondadori Editore SpA:
* Its subsidiary Mondadori France has completed, following the purchase of the 20% minority interest in the share capital, the disposal of 100 pct of NaturaBuy SAS
* The disposal of 100% of NaturaBuy amounts to 12.2 million euros ($13.32 million) based on an enterprise value of 10.5 million euros
* The impact on the 2017 net financial position of Mondadori France amounts to 9.4 million euros Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Adds comment, background) HELSINKI, April 13 Finland's economy expanded 3.0 percent in February compared with the same month last year, the statistics office said on Thursday, adding to sign the economy is picking up pace after a decade of stagnation. Finnish economic output is still below levels prior to the financial crisis of 2008 as exports have been hit by a string of problems including the decline of Nokia's former phone business, high labour costs and a recession in neighbouring Russia. The Nordic euro zone economy's growth figure for January was revised up to 3.7 percent from an initial estimate of 2.4 percent. "These are very strong figures for January and February... If no new crises come in the world that would hamper our exports, the year may prove better than expected," said Pasi Kuoppamaki, economist at Danske Bank. The central bank expects economic growth to accelerate this year to 1.6 percent from 1.4 percent in 2016 on strong consumer confidence, recovering exports and investment. The statistics office also reported that inflation slowed to 0.8 percent in March from 1.2 percent in February and that the current account balance for February was 100 million euros in deficit. (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
BRUSSELS An international law firm failed to produce evidence to back up an unusual accusation that EU officials investigating trade dumping had "bullied" managers at big Russian steelmakers, the EU executive said on Friday.
The European Commission said its Disciplinary Office (IDOC) had decided not to open an inquiry into two staff members cited in a complaint made by Dentons last May on behalf of two big Russian steel firms, NLMK (NLMK.MM) and Severstal (CHMF.MM), both of which have since been hit by punitive tariffs from Brussels.
"No elements of proof were found by IDOC, even to justify the opening of an inquiry," the Commission said in a statement, adding it held staff to the "highest ethical standards".
"There was no element of proof ... put forward by the law firm."
A partner at Dentons' Brussels office, contacted by email, said the firm would not comment before next week.
(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Mark Potter)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – Authorities say a 16-year-old in northern Alaska shot and killed their father after the two got into an argument.
KTUU-TV reported Friday that the teen faces a charge of first-degree murder in connection with the man's death last week.
North Slope Borough police had responded to a home in Utqiagvik after a man reported on Wednesday that their son tried to kill themselves with a shotgun
Court documents say the man was found dead inside the home with gunshot wounds. The man's throat had also been cut.
Police say the teen told officers they and their father had started arguing about the shotgun before they pushed the man down the stairs and shot him.
The teen had been arrested on suspicion of burglary earlier that day.
If you are a follower of Poker or a fan, you must be acquainted with The Spartan Poker. With multiple tournaments and over 1600 people playing poker online daily, it is one of the leading online poker gaming website in India. The flagship event India Online Poker championship which has been held each year is a mega event where players from all across India logged in to fight for Poker glory and of course… big money.
Those who are active on social media or have visited Goa in the past two months must've seen a funny hipster Babaji addressing you with Poker motifs. Now, what does a Babaji have to do with Poker?
Well, it was a risky marketing venture by The Spartan Poker to connect to Poker players across India in a way never done in India with their #BabajiRaiseTheBarCampaign. By placing a funny Babaji as the face of the India Online Poker Championship at a time when various self-styled Godmen and Babajis were going under the scanner, The Spartan Poker managed to intrigue unsuspecting audiences in what turned out to be a new take of Poker marketing especially in India, where the fast-growing Poker industry is still considered a niche market.
Amin Rozani, Co-founder and MD of The Spartan Poker remarks, "The #BabajiRaiseTheBar campaign was about disrupting the imagery of Poker most Indians hold true and present them with the truth – that Poker is a game of skills and strategy by making the whole communication quite unlikely of any Poker company in the market. It fitted right in with our previous successful marketing campaigns in recent times, where we have only promoted Poker as a skill-enhancing sport."
The drift from the clichéd ‘James Bondesque' communication into such a uniquely Indian perspective was indeed highly risky. But how did the promotions fare in real time?
Well for starters, this edition of the India Online Poker Championship on The Spartan Poker saw over 16, 176 registrants participating in over 54 tournaments in the 10-day tournament series. That's a huge leap from the last edition held in July 2017, which saw just over 10,500 registrants participating online. This means that poker has a sport has grown and more people are engaging with the sport now.
On top of that, the prize pools crossed over Rs 7 Crores, while the initial promised prize pool was Rs 6 Crores. The prize pool in the 2017 edition was just over Rs 3.5 Crores. With double the amount in payouts this time around in comparison to the last edition, the IOPC has become a flagship online poker event for The Spartan Poker and fans alike.
The tournament also saw 8 players walking away as millionaires and the Leaderboard Challenge winner, Sajal Gupta walking away with a brand new Jeep Compass car apart from their winnings in pay-outs.
Overall, the #BabajiRaiseTheBar campaign was a success and the fact that such a risky marketing campaign clicked in a niche market is something to cherish about.
Amin Rozani, Co-founder and MD of The Spartan Poker remarks, “Poker is a sport that involves taking risk. But risks have to be supplemented with informed intuition. The campaign came at the right time and we were ready to bet on it since The Spartan Poker believes in breaking stereotypes in order to take this game forward. In the end, it is Poker that has triumphed and we are very happy with the way Poker is shaping up in India. After all, good things are happening in poker!”
Youtube: https://youtu.be/b5KYaU799Cw
The Spartan Poker will be back with the India Online Poker Championship soon and the plans for the next edition are bigger than ever. Meanwhile, with various daily tournaments, weekly events and more, Poker fans and players can continue to quench their thirst for Poker glory on www.TheSpartanPoker.com, There's a lot to play for and a lot to win.
In 2016, then Governor Terry Branstad started a debate about water quality, mainly because that was when Iowans were dealing with a lawsuit filed by the Des Moines Water Works.
The suit targeted three northwest counties with drainage districts, and claimed farming practices were causing problems for the cities' drinking water. For three years the Legislature has been discussing the water quality issue and has finally passed a bill and sent it to the Governor. This happened Tuesday morning when the House accepted the Senate's water quality bill.
The Legislation now goes to Governor Kim Reynolds, who has said that they wanted water quality to be the first bill they signed since becoming Governor. I know they will sign the bill, and this will, for now stop the bickering and tensions that have been festering for years. Democrats and Republicans have gone at each other.
The House and Senate have sparred with each other. Before the lawsuit was dismissed, city and rural folks were going at it. Even during the last few months Republicans have not been in agreement as to what to do to clean up Iowa's water. Even though we finally have a bill, it is not perfect, and all parties involved have vowed to continue working on the issue to make sure we accomplish what we have set out to do. I supported the bill.
The bill that passed will allocate about $282 million over the next 12 years for water quality projects. The money would come from a tax on metered water which now flows into the General Fund, and from the Infrastructure Fund which receives its funding from gambling revenues.
So, what is this all about? On Wednesday morning, Secretary of Agriculture, Bill Northey, presented to the budget committee that I chair. They thanked lawmakers for passing the water quality bill and released the following information and report on the Iowa Water Quality Infrastructure:
NORTHEY RELEASES IOWA WATER QUALITY INITIATIVE 2018 LEGISLATIVE REPORT
DES MOINES –Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today highlighted the Iowa Water Quality Initiative 2018 Legislative Report during their presentation to the Transportation, Infrastructure, and Capitals Appropriations Subcommittee.
“It is exciting to continue to see significant growth in the water quality efforts underway all across our state in both rural and urban areas. This report is an attempt to compile and summarize many of those activities for Legislatures and the public,” Northey said.
The 8-page report highlights key progress on water quality efforts underway across the state, including:
56 existing demonstration projects located across the state to help implement and demonstrate water quality practices through the initiative.
A record level of funding ($4.8 million) was obligated to match the $8.7 million farmer/landowner investment to install cover crops and other in-field practices to reduce nutrient loss.
First-of-its-kind cover crop-crop insurance partnership was launched with USDA's Risk Management Agency (RMA) to expand and build upon cover crop usage in the state.
Secured over $250,000 in contributions from private entities to advance WQI-based projects.
New public-private partnership with two companies was created to help advance conservation planning in three targeted watersheds.
A comprehensive accounting of activities underway to support the Iowa Nutrient Reduction Strategy can be found at nutrientstrategy.iastate.edu/documents.
The report also updates tracking/accountability efforts underway, shares information about research being conducted by the Iowa Nutrient Research Center at Iowa State University, highlights the USDA Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) projects underway in Iowa, and highlights efforts to expand public-private collaboration to scale-up water quality efforts. The Iowa DNR also provided an update on the efforts of point sources that is included in the report.
The Department received $10.575 million for the current fiscal year for the Water Quality Initiative.
A copy of the report can be found at www.IowaAgriculture.gov under “Hot Topics” or at www.cleanwateriowa.org/news-latest/.
Background on Iowa Water Quality Initiative
The Iowa Water Quality Initiative was established in 2013 to help implement the Nutrient Reduction Strategy, which is a collaborative research based approach to achieving a 45 percent reduction in nitrogen and phosphorus losses to our waters. The strategy brings together both point sources, such as municipal wastewater treatment plants and industrial facilities, as well as nonpoint sources, including farm fields and urban storm-water runoff, to address these issues.
The initiative seeks to harness the collective ability of both private and public resources and organizations to deliver a clear and consistent message to stakeholders to reduce nutrient loss and improve water quality.
There are currently 56 existing demonstration projects located across the state to help implement and demonstrate water quality practices through the initiative. This includes 15 targeted watershed projects, 7 projects focused on expanding the use and innovative delivery of water quality practices and 34 urban water quality demonstration projects. More than 220 organizations are participating in these projects. These partners will provide $32.3 million dollars to go with over $21.7 million in state funding going to these projects.
More than $420 million in state and federal funds have been directed to programs with water quality benefits in Iowa last year. This total does not include the cost share amount that farmers pay to match state and federal programs or funds spent to create practices built without government assistance.
More information about the initiative can be found at www.CleanWaterIowa.org.
You may reach me at the Capitol during the week by phoning me at 515-281-3221, or my home is 712-434-5880. You may write me at the State Capitol, Des Moines, Iowa 50319. My home address is P. O. Box 398, Aurelia, Iowa 51005. If you have email, please contact me at dan.huseman@legis.iowa.gov.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Have your say
Work to tackle congestion on a city centre road could get underway in 2019.
Wakefield Council is drawing up plans for a £4m scheme at Ings Road, between Kirkgate and Charlesworth Way.
It says the proposals would improve the road for drivers, pedestrians and cyclists.
Coun Matthew Morley, cabinet member for transport and highways, said: “I am pleased that we have started feasibility work to develop options for the £4m scheme for Ings Road.
"Improvements to the road will help to tackle congestion in this part of the city.
"Once we have more details on the options available we will be consulting with local businesses and residents about these.”
A public consultation is expected to take place next year.
If the plans are then approved, work could begin in 2019.
The scheme will be funded through the West Yorkshire Combined Authority's Transport Fund.
Scott Porter‘s home team is expanding!
The Friday Night Lights and Hart of Dixie alum announced Sunday that they and wife Kelsey Mayfield Porter will be welcoming a second child.
“Happy Easter from our growing family,” Porter, 37, captioned an Instagram snap of the soon-to-be family of four dressed in their holiday best, with Kelsey cradling their blossoming belly and the actor holding the couple's 22-month-old son McCoy Lee.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Happy Easter from our growing family. A post shared by skittishkid (@skittishkid) on Apr 16, 2017 at 1:29pm PDT
FROM COINAGE: The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time
The Porters were married in April 2013, welcoming McCoy in May 2015. A few months after their son's birth, the couple opened up to PEOPLE about how Kelsey's mother was diagnosed with Huntington's disease, a neurological condition in which the cells in the brain break down over time — and the resulting genetic test Kelsey underwent, which came back positive.
“As soon as we found out Kelsey had Huntington's, they said, ‘I want to have a kid right away,' ” Porter told PEOPLE. ” ‘I want to have as much time with our kids as I possibly can before Huntington's starts to take effect.' ”
They added, “She was so brave, and they figured out how we could have a child without passing Huntington's down.”
Took the bubs to the Farmers Market when Mama wasn't feeling good. #BigBoyMcCoy was so happy to bring their home some flowers. Sweetest kid ever. And he's got that #SundayStyle in spades. A post shared by skittishkid (@skittishkid) on Apr 9, 2017 at 4:21pm PDT
Saturwaves… A post shared by skittishkid (@skittishkid) on Apr 8, 2017 at 11:41am PDT
That solution came in the form of extensive fertility treatments to prevent passing the disease on to the couple's children.
“Because I have Huntington's, any child we have has 50/50 chance of having it, so to eliminate that, we did in vitro fertilization,” Kelsey explained. “But we did preimplantation genetic diagnosis, which they test the embryo. They tested all our embryos for Huntington's and [McCoy] was the first little baby who made it all the way.”
They added, “Once [Huntington's is] eliminated, they can't give it to their kids.”
Family hike. #BigBoyMcCoy #Truffle @kiwiporter #HomeStateHats A post shared by skittishkid (@skittishkid) on Mar 20, 2017 at 6:03pm PDT
The Porter family knows how to wed… #BigBoyMcCoy #SundayBest @kiwiporter A post shared by skittishkid (@skittishkid) on Mar 11, 2017 at 5:12pm PST
The sex of the couple's second child on the way is a mystery at this point, but Scott added to PEOPLE in 2015 that they “have four other healthy, strong embryos: two girls and two boys.”
“Eventually, we'll try and have another child and we'll have the peace of mind to know that we are not passing that on,” they said. “We have eradicated it from our family line, which was very important to us.”
Added Kelsey, “They're just hanging out in a freezer somewhere waiting for their time.”
After reviving their career in move to Liverpool, the midfielder gets sidelined by a season-ending injury
Published 9:12 AM, April 25, 2018
LIVERPOOL, United Kingdom – Liverpool's giant step towards a first Champions League final for 13 years was marred by a likely season-ending injury to midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain that could also rule the England international out of the upcoming World Cup.
Oxlade-Chamberlain, 24, had to be stretchered off after just 18 minutes of Liverpool's 5-2 semi-final, first leg victory over Roma at Anfield on Tuesday.
"The biggest blow for the mood in the dressing room is the injury to Ox," said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp.
Klopp's men looked certain for the final in Kiev on May 26 when doubles from the outstanding Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino either side of Sadio Mane's strike saw the hosts race into a 5-0 lead.
However, late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti allied to Oxlade-Chamberlain's injury soured Klopp's mood.
"It looks like this unfortunately," added Klopp when asked if the player's season was over.
"That's the reason I'm not flying mood wise. We lost a fantastic player tonight."
Oxlade-Chamberlain has seen a dwindling career revitalized by Klopp since moving to Liverpool last summer.
The former Arsenal man scored a stunning goal in Liverpool's 3-0 quarter-final, first leg win over Manchester City and was widely expected to be included in the England squad for the World Cup, which starts in Russia on June 15. – Rappler.com
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
TORONTO — The Toronto Public Library board voted Monday evening in favour of changing its rental policy following a controversial memorial at a west-end branch this summer.
The memorial was held in July for Barbara Kulaszka, a lawyer whose clients included Marc Lemire, the leader of the now-disbanded white supremacy group Heritage Front.
An announcement for the July event also said Paul Fromm, a former teacher whose ties to racist groups cost them their licence, were among those expected to speak at the event, which cost $10 to attend.
Members of city council and such advocacy groups as the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, expressed outrage that organizers were allowed to book a space "despite their long record of promoting bigotry and their disturbing ties to the Neo-Nazi movement.''
Under the changes approved by board members, library staff will be able to deny or cancel bookings “when the library reasonably believes the purpose of the booking is likely to promote, or would have the effect of promoting, discrimination, contempt or hatred of any group.”
The report said key goals of the new booking policy, scheduled to take effect Jan. 1, include maintaining a "welcoming and supportive environment free from discrimination and harassment."
The board added that while the public library supports freedom of speech, that support "does not translate into tolerance for hate speech."
The board said it had consulted with lawyers and was initially told it could not refuse the booking based on the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and other policies. Staff subsequently consulted external lawyers as it reviewed the community and event space rental policy.
By The Canadian Press
Rock superstars Queen with frontman Adam Lambert will rock the UK with dates including Leeds and Sheffield Arenas, it was announced today.
As part of a 24-date European tour they play Leeds, First Direct Arena on Tuesday, December 6 and Sheffield Arena on Friday, December 8.
The tour will showcase a spectacular new stage production and a set list, which the band hints will provide some surprises.
It is expected the set list will pay tribute to the 40th anniversary this year of Queen's biggest-selling studio album, 1977's News of the World - which yielded the immortal anthems We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions.
The shows will mark the band's first full British tour in almost three years, having last performed across the UK in January 2015 when they played 10 sold out shows.
For their 2017 tour, the band will unveil a brand-new show including a specially designed state-of-the-art production.
Queen drummer and co-founder Roger Taylor insists the 2017 today said the tour “will look entirely different to the show we took around before".
They said: "Production has really changed a lot, the things you can do now, you have a much broader palette, the technology has really come along. But we don't use it all. We don't play to click track. It's 100% live. We're planning on doing stuff we either haven't done before or haven't done for a long time. We started as an albums band, that's what we were. The fact that we had hits was just a byproduct.”
Guitarist Brian May confirms Queen's 2017 shows will have a more ambitious musical agenda.
They said: “The general public knows the hits, so you've got to cater for that, but we can chuck in a few things that people really don't expect. We'll do quite a bit more of that this time around. There are so many dimensions to Adam, which of course fits with our music. They can get down and do the rock stuff really dirty, and you have all those dimensions, and we can explore that even more.”
We Will Rock You...Queen and Adam Lambert announce UK tour.
Adam Lambert welcomes the challenge of digging deeper into the band's canon of classics.
They said: “What people should know if they came to the shows a couple of years back, is obviously we will still be playing the big hit songs you know and love from Queen, but we thought it would be good to challenge ourselves a bit.
“Change it up a little bit, change the visuals, change all the technology, change the set list to some degree. We will probably be pulling some other songs out of the Queen catalogue which we haven't done before, which I am very excited about.”
Today's announcement comes just weeks after details emerged of a 26-date summer tour of North America. The band will now return to Europe later this year for a series of 24 dates.
Queen with Adam Lambert to playLeeds, First Direct Arenaon Tuesday, December 6 andSheffieldArenaonFriday, December 8, 2017.
Their only UK appearance in 2016 was a one-off headlining set at the closing night of the Isle of Wight Festival, part of a 15-date European summer festival tour. Isle of Wight festival organiser John Giddings credited the band with “the greatest show we have ever had”.
* Tickets for the Sheffield Arena show go on general sale at 10am on Friday (April 21), priced £88.48 and £77.28. Buy in person, visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk or call the box office on 0114 256 5656.
Queen + Adam Lambert Tour Dates 2017
EUROPE
Wed 1st November Prague, Czech Republic, O2 Arena
Thu 2nd November Munich, Germany, Olympiahalle
Sat 4th November Budapest, Hungary, Sportarena
Mon 6th November Lodz, Poland, Atlas Arena
Wed 8th November Vienna, Austria, Stadhalle
Fri 10th November Bologna, Italy, Unipol Arena
Sun 12th November Luxembourg, Amneville Galaxie
Mon 13th November Amsterdam, Netherlands, Ziggo Dome
Fri 17th November Kaunas, Lithuania, Zalgiris Arena
UK & IRELAND
Sat 25th November Dublin, 3 Arena
Sun 26th November Belfast, SSE Arena
Tue 28th November Liverpool, Echo Arena
Thu 30th November Birmingham, Barclaycard Arena
Fri 1st December Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena
Sun 3rd December Glasgow, The SSE Hydro
Tue 5th December Nottingham Motorpoint Arena
Tue 6th December Leeds, First Direct Arena
Fri 8th December Sheffield Arena
Sat 9th December Manchester, Arena
Tues 12thDecember London, 02 Arenas
Fri 15th December London, The SSE Arena, Wembley
UK & Ireland Ticket Information
General admission standing: £69.00. Reserved seating: £79.00. VIP Packages available. Ticket purchases limited to six per person visit www.ticketmaster.co.uk and www.ticketmaster.ie
Cricket-Kohli unfazed by limited game time for India's middle order
June 14 India captain Virat Kohli shrugged off concerns about their team's lower-middle order ahead of their Champions Trophy semi-final with Bangladesh on Thursday and called for complete focus against their "dangerous" opponents.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Perrion Callandret had 23 points on 10-of-14 shooting and Idaho led the entire way in an 81-58 victory over Sacramento State on Saturday night.
Victor Sanders hit a 3 with 3:29 left that sparked a late 9-0 run to help the Vandals (16-7, 8-3 Big Sky) secure their third win in a row and sixth in the last seven.
Idaho doubled up the Hornets (6-17, 3-7) in the first half for a 40-20 lead at the break. Sacramento State scored the first nine points of the second half, but didn't cut the deficit into single digits until a 10-0 run made it 59-50 with seven minutes left. That was as close as they would get.
Brayon Blake added 16 points, Chad Sherwood scored 12 and Jordan Scott 11 for Idaho, which made 10 of 21 from 3-point range.
FILE PHOTO - A Chinese woman adjusts a Chinese national flag next to U.S. national flags before a Strategic Dialogue expanded meeting, part of the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (S&ED) held at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing, July 10, 2014. REUTERS/Ng Han Guan/Pool
China will offer the Trump administration better market access for financial sector investments and U.S. beef exports to help avert a trade war, the Financial Times reported on Sunday, citing officials familiar with the matter.
China is prepared to raise the investment ceiling in the Bilateral Investment treaty and is also willing to end the ban on U.S. beef imports, the newspaper also reported.
"China was prepared to (raise the investment ceilings) in the BIT but those negotiations were put on hold (after Trump's election victory)," the Financial Times also reported citing a Chinese official involved in the talks.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Friday that President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping have agreed to a new 100-day plan for trade talks on Friday.
The U.S. trade department was not immediately available for comment while the China's ministry of commerce could not be reached for comment.
(Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
NEW YORK, March 31 The Federal Reserve on Friday awarded $346.85 billion in three-day repurchase agreements at an interest rate of 0.75 percent to 82 bidders, which was the highest amount since $468.36 billion on Dec. 30, the New York Federal Reserve said.
On Thursday, the U.S. central bank had allotted $224.13 billion in one-day reverse repos to 55 money market funds, mortgage finance agencies and other qualified participants at an interest rate of 0.75 percent. (Reporting by Richard Leong, editing by G Crosse)
The dust-up came amid a broader debate about how Dr. Seuss books — some of which depict old stereotypes — fit into an evolving culture.
That debate roared back into the spotlight last month after Melania Trump sent 10 Dr. Seuss books to a school in each state — and a librarian in Cambridge, Massachusetts, sent them back.
"Dr. Seuss's illustrations are steeped in racist propaganda, caricatures, and harmful stereotypes," librarian Liz Phipps Soeiro wrote in a letter.
As The Washington Post's Rachel Chason reported, the librarian argued that rather than sending books to an elementary school in Cambridge, the first lady should have devoted resources to schools in "underfunded and underprivileged communities" that are "marginalized and maligned by policies put in place by Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos."
Critics view DeVos, a billionaire who worked for decades to promote school choice, as one of the most anti-public-education secretaries in the department's history.
In response, White House spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said giving the books was part of the first lady's effort to use their platform "to help as many children as they can."
They added that "turning the gesture of sending young schoolchildren books into something divisive is unfortunate, but the first lady remains committed to their efforts on behalf of children everywhere."
In their letter Thursday about the festival, Willems, Yee and Curato wrote:
"The career of Ted Geisel, writing as Dr. Seuss, is a story of growth, from accepting the baser racial stereotypes of the times in their early career, to challenging those divisive impulses with work that delighted their readers and changed the times. It was our hope that the administration of the new Seuss-ian institution would be able to take inspiration from Mr. Geisel's journey and find creative ways to allow children of all backgrounds to feel welcomed (or, at the very least, provide context for this hurtful painting)."
The trio said they expressed their concerns to the museum — and "unfortunately, the administration replied that it was the responsibility of visitors to contextualize the oversized painting of the 'Chinaman' for their younger wards, not theirs."
After the mural-replacement decision was announced by Seuss Enterprises, Willems, Yee and Curato applauded the news.
Officials at the museum had said they were looking for ways "to help guide parents and teachers in addressing this issue with children and pupils."
They also said they requested a meeting with the authors to discuss the matter but were rebuffed.
In a letter sent to the authors, Kay Simpson, president of the Springfield Museums and Dr. Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Garden, wrote that the museum "contains unedited material by Dr. Seuss during their lifetime" and that "we do not alter or edit an artist's work."
"Dr. Seuss's books taught life lessons, from being a faithful friend, to not discriminating based upon appearances, to keeping your promises," Simpson wrote. "Dr. Seuss was a product of their era and their attitudes evolved over time.
"It is our hope that parents and teachers can use the evolution of Dr. Seuss ... as a teachable moment for children in their charge."
Dr. Seuss Enterprises said Thursday that Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss, was "a man of their times. They were also a man who evolved with their times."
The Washington Post
As the Kwara State Government Prepares to mark the 50th anniversary of the creation of the State, Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed says the celebration will be low key due to the present economic situation.
The governor said this while addressing audience at the monthly APC Town hall meeting held in Ilorin on Saturday.
They stated that past leaders and individuals who have contributed to the development and growth of the State will be honoured during the celebration.
Recall that the State government in February inaugurated a 31-man committee to organize activities for the anniversary celebration, which is slated for May this year.
March 30 Great Elm Capital Corp
* Announces its intention to commence a tender offer to purchase up to $10 million of its common stock
* Great Elm Capital Corp - offer to purchase up to $10 million in cash of its common stock, at a price per share within range of $11.50 to $12.17 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Fog is seen clearing around the Shard skyscraper in London, Britain, November 2, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON The European Union will publish a draft law next month to give itself tougher powers to vet and supervise the clearing of euro-denominated securities, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, pitting the bloc against Britain ahead of Brexit.
Vast swathes of euro transactions are processed by clearing houses in London due to its status as a global financial centre. The euro zone has long wanted more control of that business, and Britain's decision to leave the EU has provided a new impetus.
The EU's executive European Commission is concerned the growing importance of clearing houses to the financial system means there is a need to "enhance the current supervisory arrangements," the source said on condition of anonymity.
The move by Brussels comes at a politically sensitive time for Britain as it starts formal divorce talks with the EU, and is also keen to keep London as Europe's biggest financial centre and top tax earner.
Clearing houses stand between two sides of a stock, bond or derivatives transaction, ensuring its completion even if one side of the transaction goes bust.
The EU's biggest clearing house for euro-denominated securities, LCH (LSE.L) in London, will be outside the bloc's legal system once Britain leaves the EU in 2019.
"The foreseen withdrawal of Britain from the EU will have a significant impact on the regulation and supervision of clearing in Europe," the source said, quoting from a "communication" the EU executive is due to publish perhaps as soon as Thursday to explain the rationale for next month's draft law.
As much as 75 percent of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives, the world's most heavily traded swap contract, are cleared in Britain by LCH.
The communication says "more integrated supervision" by EU watchdogs and more responsibilities for the European Central Bank could also help with the bloc's "urgent" task of building a deeper capital market.
Where clearing houses from outside the EU play a systemic role in the bloc's financial market, they should be "subject to safeguards provided by the EU legal framework," the source said, quoting from the communication.
"This includes, where necessary, direct supervision at EU level/location requirements."
APPROPRIATE AMOUNT
The battle over the location of euro-clearing has been waged for several years, with the ECB's attempts to require clearing houses that handle large volumes of euro denominated securities to be located in the euro zone, thrown out by the EU court.
The court said the ECB did not have legal powers to implement such a "location" policy - a situation the new draft law and Brexit would alter.
Banking and exchange officials in London say that forcing the shift of euro-denominated clearing would fragment trading pools and bump up costs for users.
Xavier Rolet, chief executive of the London Stock Exchange, which owns LCH, has warned that Brussels was considering caps on how much euro clearing could be done in London, threatening thousands of jobs in the city.
But Bank of England Governor Mark Carney told a Reuters event last month that Britain would work hard with European authorities to ensure that an "appropriate amount" of euro business continued to be cleared in London - a sign of how some shift in volumes is becoming inevitable.
ECB supervisor Sabine Lautenschlaeger warned in March the ECB's position on euro clearing outside the bloc would depend on whether the new, post-Brexit legal framework offered an unchanged level of involvement for the central bank, and ensured financial stability in the euro zone.
As yet unspecified conditions would have to be met, they said.
The European Parliament, which will have joint say with EU states in approving the legal changes, has already called for limits on how much euro clearing should be done in Britain after Brexit.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Rachel Armstrong and Mark Potter)
The Church Of The Holy Sepulchre located in Jerusalem is now believed to be more than 1,700 years old.
The tomb that many believe is the final resting place of Jesus Christ was originally believed to only date back approximately 1000 years to the time of the crusades.
New tests which were done by researchers at the National Technical University Of Athens however have revealed that The Church Of The Holy Sepulchre dates back as far as 345 CE.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain, leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury.
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Maeda was removed from their start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. They received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that they would not rush their right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda's spot on the active roster. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster.
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado. Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season, posting a 2.54 ERA.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
× Rising rents becoming an issue in Spokane County
SPOKANE, Wash. — Higher rents are becoming an issue in Spokane County, where a new report says half of renters are spending over 30 percent of their income on rent.
Rents in the Spokane market have increased notably over the past year and a half. That's according to Terri Anderson, co-director of the Spokane Tenants Union.
The Spokesman-Review reports that rents in Spokane are rising while wages remain stagnant.
Besides stagnant incomes, Spokane is facing another factor that's driving up rent: low apartment vacancy and high demand.
Spokane has a 2.9 percent apartment vacancy rate with an average rental rate of $886, according to a September 2017 report by the University of Washington's Runstad Center for Real Estate Studies.
April 24 Tatts Group Ltd
* Tatts has not yet formed a view on how revised indicative proposal compares to merger proposal from tabcorp holdings limited
* Received correspondence from pacific consortium to amend terms of its revised non- binding, indicative and conditional proposal to acquire tatts for $4.21 cash per share
* Tatts notes that under terms of revised indicative proposal, tatts shareholders will not receive a final dividend for year ended 30 june 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Being comfy never goes out of style. Suzanne Cowden, Store Manager for Soft Surroundings, along with Danna Hudgins joined us in the studio to share a preview of a few stylish and comfy outfits that you can put together to wear to your next get together. The ladies also shared a preview of a few of their favorite skin care products to keep your complexion looking fresh and radiant. You can visit Soft Surroundings at their Short Pump location, or check them out online at http://www.softsurroundings.com
May 3 Russia's fertiliser producer Phosagro says:
* Sales in Q1 2017 reached almost 2 million tonnes, up by 8.7 percent year-on-year;
* Says sale of nitrogen-based products increased by 7.1 percent year-on-year to 0.46 million tonnes;
* Says downstream production of fertilisers grew by 2.4 percent year-on-year to 1.96 million tonnes in Q1 2017.Further company coverage: (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
(Adds quotes, details)
By Ed Osmond
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Matt Kuchar made a hole in one at the par-three 16th on the way to finishing tied for fourth in the U.S. Masters on Sunday, the highest-placed American at the year's first major.
The 38-year-old struck a perfect seven-iron from 179 yards, the ball landing on the green, running up a slope before taking a hard turn to the left. It then trickled back down into the left side of the cup to wild cheers from the gallery.
The only ace at this year's Masters took Kuchar to five under par and they parred the last two holes to finish tied for fourth, four shots behind Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose.
Garcia beat Rose in a playoff to claim their first major title.
"What a thrill," Kuchar told reporters. "It's funny, that hole has given me problems in the past."
After celebrating wildly with their caddie on the tee, Kuchar walked to the green and retrieved their ball, which they signed and presented to a young boy wearing a bright orange T-shirt in the front row of the crowd.
"The cool part of our job is making a kid's day," Kuchar said. "And we have an opportunity to do that quite often. I've got enough hole in one balls.
"It's one of the neat things that we can do. There's nothing like seeing a smile come over a kid's face."
Kuchar's best Masters finish was tied third in 2012.
(Editing by Andrew Both/Peter Rutherford)
FILE PHOTO: An armed fighter belonging to the 3R armed militia displays their weapon in the town of Koui, Central African Republic, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
DAKAR Armed groups in the Central African Republic have killed at least 45 civilians in apparent reprisal strikes over the past three months, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in a report on Tuesday.
The violence pitted armed groups against one another in the central province of Ouaka, which is at the border of the mainly Muslim north and the mainly Christian south of the country.
"As factions vie for power in the Central African Republic, civilians on all sides are exposed to their deadly attacks," said Lewis Mudge, Africa researcher at the U.S-based human rights watchdog.
Central African Republic has seen violence since 2013, when a mainly Muslim rebel coalition called the Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize and went on looting and killing raids, prompting Christians to form self-defence militias.
The Seleka and other groups have since splintered, prompting further violence even as the country held a democratic election won by President Faustin-Archange Touadera who was sworn in in March 2016.
One witness to the recent attacks, identified only as Clement, said advancing fighters from the Fulani Union for Peace in Central Africa (UP) shot four of their children dead including a seven-month-old baby during an attack in March.
Killings by the rival Popular Front for the Renaissance of the Central African Republic (FPC) were also reported.
HRW based its tally on interviews with residents in the town of Bambari in April. It said the overall figure was likely higher since dozens of people are still missing.
The United Nations which has a 13,000 safe-keeping mission in the former French colony has sought to disperse fighters with air strikes in Ouaka as they advanced on the town of Bambari. The United States has imposed sanctions on militia leaders.
Still, the violence persists. Medical charity MSF said last month it is the worst seen in a years-long conflict and reported mutilations and summary executions.
(Story corrects typographical errors paragraphs 8 and 9, corrects abbreviation for Medecins Sans Frontieres in last paragraph to MSF instead of MS.)
(Reporting by Emma Farge; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Toby Chopra)
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- The month of February is synonymous with Valentine's Day, a day of celebrating and expressing love for cherished ones. The right venue, a sumptuous meal, romantic ambience and extra special touches can make for a very special evening with a loved one.
Love your heart and stomach at Park Inn Muscat's RBG Grill Restaurant. From just RO17.5 per person, enjoy a sumptuous dinner buffet, including unlimited softdrinks and one glass of selected drink. In additiona free entrance at Sama Terrazza rooftop lounge with live resident DJ to chill and enjoy the panoramic view of the city.
For reservations, call 968 2450 7888.
For a romantic dinner nearby the beach, celebrate this special day under the stars at Park Inn Duqm's Ocean Restaurant for only RO40 net per couple.
For reservations, call 968 2208 5700. Restaurants will be open from 7pm to 11pm.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248629
NEW YORK GIANTS RE-SIGN DT ROBERT THOMAS AND TE MATT LACOSSE…
According to press reports, the New York Giants have re-signed exclusive rights free agents defensive tackle Robert Thomas and tight end Matt LaCosse.
The Giants claimed Thomas off of waivers from the Carolina Panthers in September 2016. They played in eight regular-season games with no starts (6 percent of defensive snaps) and finished the year with five tackles and one sack. Thomas was originally signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Washington Redskins after the 2014 NFL Draft. They have spent time with the Redskins (2014-15), Seahawks (2015), Patriots (2015), Dolphins (2015), and Panthers (2016). Thomas is a big, strong tackle who plays hard.
The Giants waived/injured LaCosse in late August 2016 and then placed them on Injured Reserve with a knee injury that required surgery. LaCosse was originally signed by the Giants as an undrafted rookie free agent after the 2015 NFL Draft. The Giants waived/injured them in August with a hamstring injury and re-signed them to the Practice Squad in November and the 53-man roster in December 2015. They played in two games and finished with three catches for 22 yards. LaCosse is a versatile player who played tight end, H-Back, and fullback in college. LaCosse has good speed and catches the football well.
Meanwhile, SNY is reporting that the Giants will not re-sign exclusive rights free agent wide receiver Ben Edwards. Edwards was waived/injured and then placed on Injured Reserve in May 2016 after tearing an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in one of their knees during the rookie mini-camp. Injuries have plagued Edwards who tore an ACL in college in 2013, an injury that caused them to miss all of 2014; pulled their hamstring in a June 2015 mini-camp, an injury that led them to being waived/injured; and sprained their knee in an April 2016 mini-camp. The Giants originally signed Edwards after the 2015 NFL Draft, waived/injured them in June, re-signed them to the Practice Squad in November, and signed them to the 53-man roster in December. They played in the final two games of 2015 and finished the season with one catch for nine yards.
The other two exclusive free agents (if tendered) are fullback Nikita Whitlock and tight end Will Tye.
GIANTS INSIDER WITH TE WILL TYE…
The video of a Giants Insider Q&A with tight end Will Tye is available at Giants.com.
ARTICLES…
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're driving a car, gazing through the window on a bus between stops, perhaps a truck driver negotiating some of the Black Country's tight corners, or a cyclist pedalling madly to climb up the next incline, the highway ahead doesn't always reveal its true identity.
Countless numbers of our roads traverse canals that were themselves the highways of the region long before the dirt tracks were transformed in design and concept by two of the most influential engineers of the industrial era, Thomas Telford and John Loudon McAdam.
Canals physically divided neighbourhoods and a profusion of bridge building took place to keep the highways and the by-ways open to road traffic. But nowadays road users don't necessarily know they exist.
Throughout the 20th century traffic gradually increased and the bridges, the majority of which were never built strong enough to carry the extra capacity, had to be replaced.
Inevitably this meant disruption to travellers, but in Wolverhampton in November 1968 there was cause to celebrate.
The bridge over the Staffs Worcs canal on the Hordern Road in Wolverhampton had to be replaced, and for such a major operation a period of twenty weeks was normally needed to get the job done.
But with the principal fabricators Rubery Owen & Co providing the structure in double quick time and an efficient and effective build by Wolverhampton Corporation, Hordern Road was only closed for five weeks.
The Hordern Road New Canal Bridge was opened to traffic at midday on Friday November 15 and was the first road bridge in the country to be constructed in a weathering quality steel called Chromador W.Q.
Thanks to former Rubery Owen employee Ted Hickinbottom, whose fabulous photographs of boat building at the former Darlaston works graced the Bugle in June, we are able to feature more of their Rubery Owen archive which show the bridge being fixed into place 49 years ago. It was 56ft long and 35ft wide and included a 2ft overhang on each side.
A report by the central research department of Dorman Long (Steel) Limited of Middlesbrough gave the following summary after the bridge had been open for two months: “The new canal bridge at Hordern Road is generally pleasing to the eye and is unique in that it is the first road bridge in this country to employ a weathering steel in the unpainted condition.
"It is hoped that the additional cost in using Chromador W.Q. will be worthwhile in the way of reduced maintenance, but the true economics of the structure will only be realised in time and this could be possibly a period of up to about ten years or more.
"There is a growing interest among bridge engineers in the use of weathering steels for bridge construction, and it would seem that weathering steels have a somewhat more assured future in bridge construction than in the construction of buildings.”
A visit by the Bugle to the Hordern Road canal bridge nearly 49 years after it opened revealed a structure that is still in fine fettle. The concrete may have discoloured over time, but the main body of the structure looked as good as new. Chromador W.Q. had obviously worked.
The model, who has long wanted to undergo the procedure, shared they were going through with it on Instagram in January 2018. “My Breast Reduction surgery is tmrw,” they wrote, adding several emojis to explain their current state of mind. In a second photo, they detailed their feelings, writing, “I'm really scared and really excited at the same time.”
The decision to have a breast reduction has long been in the works for the mother of one. In July 2017, the star revealed on Instagram that they had been “thinking about getting a breast reduction this year.”
While Rose waited until the beginning of 2018 to have the surgery, they revealed that the procedure was something they wanted because “my boobs are stupid heavy, my back hurts and I can't wear cute lil shirts without a grandma bra.”
Speaking to PEOPLE in May 2018 about their procedure, Rose, now a 36DDD, said, “it's like a dream come true” to wear things like spaghetti-strapped tank tops. “Now when I'm running out the door, I don't have to search for the right bra to fit within the shirt or to match the color of the shirt, so, it doesn't show and look gaudy,” they added. “I can kind of just throw it on and I'm like, ‘This is amazing!' I've been missing this my whole life.”
The Government's new tax on sugar-sweetened drinks will come into effect next Tuesday, May 1st, after the European Commission found that the levy does not constitute State aid.
The tax will see 30 cent per litre added to the price of popular sweetened drinks containing more than 8g of sugar per 100ml.
It will see the price of some popular drinks such as Coke, Pepsi and 7UP rise by as much as 10 cent per can and by 60 cent per 2l bottle.
The measure is designed to help tackle obesity by incentivising consumers to opt for healthier drinks, while also encouraging the industry to reduce added sugar content.
There will be two rates of tax, with the first rate of 20 cent per litre applying to drinks with 5g of sugar or more but with less than 8g per 100ml.
The second rate of 30 cent per litre will apply to liable drinks with 8g or more of added sugar per 100ml.
Pure fruit juices will not be subject to the tax, but once sugar is added to such juices their entire sugar content becomes liable. Dairy products are outside the scope of the tax.
Government welcome
A number of ministers, including Minister for Health Simon Harris, Minister of State for Health Promotion Catherine Byrne, and Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe, welcomed the European Commission finding.
“Ireland has engaged in extensive and constructive discussions with, and submitted a formal notification to, the European Commission to ensure that, once commenced, the sugar-sweetened drinks tax does not infringe EU state aid law. With today's announcement, that process is complete and the tax can commence on May 1st, 2018,” they said in a statement.
Mr Harris said the “positive news” represented major progress towards tackling obesity.
“With one in four children on the island of Ireland either overweight or obese, this tax is one of a range of measures that can help change parents' and children's behaviour,” Mr Harris said.
The tax is estimated to yield in the region of €40 million in a year. However, it is expected that as industry reformulates and consumers opt for healthier choices, that figure will reduce over time.
April 6 Indian shares ended marginally lower on Thursday, paring early losses after the central bank kept its repo rate unchanged as it continues to guard against any potential flare-up in inflation and on an uncertain global economic environment.
The benchmark BSE index closed down 0.16 percent at 29,927.34.
The broader NSE index ended 0.03 percent lower at 9,261.95, after having fallen as much as 0.50 percent before the central bank's policy announcement.
The Reserve Bank of India will focus on draining excess liquidity from the system in the new fiscal year, Governor Urjit Patel said.
For midday report click (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 13 Ascott Residence Trust Management Limited
* Ascott REIT through its unit entered into conditional sale and purchase agreements with Nikko Zenith Gk9 and certain related corporations
* Aggregate purchase consideration under sale and purchase agreements for TBI of properties is JPY12.0 billion
* Net sale proceeds may be used for asset enhancement, funding potential acquisitions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Citigroup has hired Simon Francis from Credit Suisse to co-head its leverage finance business in Europe, Middle East and Africa, and made several promotions in its capital management and loans businesses.
Francis will report to Philip Drury, head of capital markets origination for EMEA, according to a memo sent to staff on Monday. Francis was most recently head of leverage finance capital markets at Credit Suisse.
Drury said Citi will continue to invest in its EMEA leverage finance business and make further announcements in due course.
The memo said Richard Basham has been appointed as the new head of global capital management for EMEA. Basham has been involved in Citi's capital markets origination business for 27 years and was previously head of EMEA leverage finance and loans.
Paul Gibbs and Rizwan Shaikh have also been appointed co-heads of EMEA loans. Gibbs has been at Citi for 22 years, most recently as head of western European loans. Shaikh has been with the bank for 19 years, most recently as head of CEEMEA loans. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Yes, Mike McGinn is running for Seattle mayor again.
McGinn, who served as mayor from 2010-14, tweeted Monday morning an image that read "Keep Seattle McGinn 2017" indicating they are challenging Ed Murray.
This comes just weeks after a man filed a lawsuit accusing Murray of sex abuse of the then-teenage boy over a period of several years in the 1980s. Murray has denied the allegations and said they intend to continue to serve as mayor and seek re-election this year.
McGinn's tweet comes just weeks before the filing deadline for the November election.
McGinn said they will hold a news conference at 10:30 a.m. Monday. Watch it live here on Q13FOX.com and on Facebook live.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
View Caption Hide Caption Photo of Delta plane landing at St. Maarten airport, pre-Hurricane Irma. Source: St. Maarten airport website.
Delta Air Lines said it aims to restart flights to St. Maarten on Oct. 10 when the airport reopens to commercial flights, weeks after being struck by Hurricane Irma.
The airline said it operated a humanitarian flight to St. Maarten on Thursday morning with relief supplies and 3,600 pounds of water, as well as IT equipment to process and board customers and generators. Delta said its equipment and infrastructure had been damaged in the storm.
Commercial fights have been halted at St. Maarten's airport since Hurricane Irma struck the island Sept. 6.
St. Maarten's airport, known by the airport code SXM, will reopen to commercial flights next Tuesday “following extensive repairs required in the wake of Hurricane Irma and Maria,” according to the airport's website. “While damage to the airport was significant and the rebuilding effort is ongoing, we are pleased to report that SXM has met all international safety standards to resume commercial operations.”
Maho Beach near St. Maarten's Princess Juliana International Airport is an internationally-known spot for planespotting, because jets fly low over the beach located just outside a fence by the airport runway.
Delta said after its flight dropped off supplies and staff in St. Maarten, the plane flew to San Juan to operate an extra flight to Atlanta with more than 120 customers.
— Stay up to date on the latest news on Atlanta airline travel by following Atlanta Airport News Now on Facebook.
MORE:
Delta, Southwest cancel flights due to Hurricane Irma
Airlines waive change fees for travelers bound for cities in Hurricane Irma's path
Hurricane Irma: Delta waives fees for pets in cabin, baggage for affected cities
VIDEO: Hurricane Irma Hits St. Maarten
Hurricane Irma: St. Martin Before and After
Fatbergs are a threat to human health because they are breeding grounds for superbugs immune to antibiotics, a new investigation has found.
The Telegraph reports that analysis of a 750m fatberg — a congealed mass of fat and discarded items — in a London sewer revealed strains of bacteria including E. coli and listeria, which are resistant to life-saving drugs.
Experts have warned that people could be exposed to the bugs if a blocked drain pushes sewage back up through domestic or commercial pipes. Normal antibiotics would prove useless against the virulent strains.
Antimicrobial-resistance is one of the gravest current threats to global health. Experts estimating it could kill 10 million people a year by 2050.
Advertisement
Fatbergs are made of cooking oil and other items flushed into sewers. Photo / Mark Johnson
The study by Thames Water and Channel 4 also found prohibited gym supplements in the fatberg, including the muscle-gain drugs hordenine and ostarine banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, reports the Telegraph.
The banned drugs accounted for more than half the proportion of pharmaceuticals found in the sample, more than illegal recreational drugs such as cocaine and MDMA.
The fatberg was found under the South Bank in London and is believed to be the largest known example of the phenomenon in Britain, dwarfing the 250m Whitechapel fatberg, which was discovered last year.
Forensic analysis showed cooking fat made up the bulk of the berg, and typical items in it included cotton buds, wet wipes, condoms and nappies.
Fatbergs are believed to be the result of growing city populations where sewers are struggling to cope with changing habits.
Alex Saunders, waste networks manager for Thames Water, said: "We and other water companies are facing a constant battle to keep the nation's sewers free from fatbergs and other blockages."
About twice as much performance-enhancing drugs than illegal drugs such as cocaine were found in the 750m London fatberg. Photo / Mark Johnson
Fatbergs typically build after fat sticks to the side of the pipe, which attracts items such as wet wipes and then more fat.
Tests in the Channel 4 investigation revealed some of the wet wipes found are marketed as flushable, even though they do not disintegrate in a sewer.
The Telegraph reports that dealing with fatbergs costs around £80 million ($157m) a year.
"For the sake of our sewer workers, please only flush the three Ps - pee, poo and toilet paper. Don't feed the fatberg," Saunders said.
SEOUL, April 15 North Korea displayed its submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) for the first time on Saturday ahead of a massive military parade in the capital, Pyongyang.
North Korea warned the United States on Saturday to end its "military hysteria" or face retaliation as a U.S. aircraft carrier group steamed towards the region and the reclusive state marked the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father.
State TV showed images of the Pukkuksong-2 SLBMs on trucks waiting to be paraded in front of leader Kim Jong-un. (Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Nick Macfie)
LONDON Britain awarded millions of pounds on Tuesday to help boost manufacturing of electric vehicle batteries, including a project to build the country's second purpose-built electric battery plant and another to make the technology more powerful.
Williams Advanced Engineering, the technology arm of Formula 1 team owner Williams Group, received funding from the Advanced Propulsion Centre (APC) and will make batteries for the likes of luxury carmaker Aston Martin.
"The project will further develop and make available battery systems in order to overcome significant supply chain gaps in the UK," said the APC's Director of Technology and Projects Jon Beasley.
Carmakers are racing to build greener cars and improve charge times in a bid to meet rising customer demand and fulfil air quality targets but Britain lacks sufficient manufacturing capacity, an area ministers have said they want to build up.
Nissan (7201.T) builds batteries and its electric Leaf model at its north of England plant in Sunderland but others have opted to build their low-emissions models elsewhere, including Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover (TAMO.NS).
In a separate project, the motorsports division of Germany's BMW (BMWG.DE) will partner with the University of Warwick and another firm to design, develop and produce power dense batteries in Britain, the APC said.
BMW's Mini brand is due to decide this year whether to build its first electric model at its southern English plant in Oxford.
Williams said its project would begin in 2018 but declined to state how much funding it had received or the total value of the investment.
Britain's business ministry said it had allocated over 100 million pounds ($124 million) in investment in multiple projects including with U.S. carmaker Ford and in the development of lightweight technologies at Jaguar Land Rover.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; Editing by Mark Potter)
Sam Rockwell and Frances McDormand star in a scene from the movie "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri." The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian. (CNS photo/Fox)
NEW YORK (CNS) -- The dramatic power and serious artistic intent that mark writer-director Martin McDonagh's "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (Fox Searchlight) are too obvious to be denied.
Taken together with Frances McDormand's majestic turn as this emotional dynamo of a film's tormented main character, these qualities would normally permit endorsement of it for a circumscribed group of adult moviegoers, despite its many seamy elements in dialogue and action. But a plotline justifying suicide in some circumstances as well as a vicious diatribe against the Catholic priesthood ultimately place this picture beyond the pale.
McDormand plays embittered divorced mom Mildred Hayes. Enraged by the stalled investigation into the gruesome rape and murder of their daughter, Mildred arranges to rent the structures of the title and has them plastered with signs attacking the local police. They specifically target the small force's widely loved chief, William Willoughby (Woody Harrelson).
Mildred's action sets off a small-scale civil war in the community. This conflict gradually draws in Willoughby's violence-prone second-in-command, Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell); Red Welby (Caleb Landry Jones), the mild-mannered head of the advertising company that owns the billboards' and James (Peter Dinklage), a dwarf who sells used cars and carries a secret torch for Mildred.
Mildred's teen son, Robbie (Lucas Hedges), and their ex-husband, Charlie (John Hawkes), also become embroiled in the clash.
Along with a Southern Gothic tone and eccentric but dignified minor characters who might have been lifted from the pages of that connoisseur of oddity, Catholic author Flannery O'Connor, McDonagh infuses "Three Billboards" -- initially at least -- with pitch-black comedy and a bleak outlook on the human condition. As the story progresses, however, glimmers of hope begin to shine through.
Villains prove redeemable and reconciliation possible, even in the most luridly extreme circumstances. This is not an ensemble of small-town folk who merely get on one another's nerves. They wound each other profoundly, sometimes emotionally, sometimes physically. So the forgiveness and forbearance McDonagh sometimes symbolizes with small gestures are correspondingly hard won.
Amid this overall web of positive, unsentimental values, though, darker threads are intertwined.
One character's suicide, for instance -- carried out rationally, if under duress -- is accompanied and followed by a long monologue in which their choice is romanticized and vindicated as a heroic sacrifice to marital and familial love. Yet the desire to shield those closest to us from pain can never make good an act God has universally and forever forbidden.
Earlier in the proceedings, a priest visits Mildred (a recently lapsed Catholic) to remonstrate with them about the strife their billboards are causing. In response, they launch into a tirade in which they compare Catholic clergymen to the members of violent street gangs and applies the principle of collective guilt to claim that even good priests are complicit in their evil peers' crimes against children.
This cruel and unreasonable denunciation will rightly outrage the sensibilities of Catholic moviegoers. Add to it the picture's ill-advised treatment of suicide and a climactic sequence that toys with justifying murderous revenge -- though the outcome is left unclear -- and the verdict on this aesthetically accomplished piece of cinema must be that it is spiritually unfit for all.
The film contains anti-Catholicism, a skewed view of suicide, an ambivalent treatment of vigilantism, some violence with brief gore, numerous profanities and at least one milder oath as well as pervasive rough and frequent crude language. The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
- - -
Mulderig is on the staff of Catholic News Service.
- - -
CAPSULE REVIEW
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (Fox Searchlight)
Enraged by the stalled investigation into the gruesome rape and murder of their daughter, an embittered woman (a majestic Frances McDormand) plasters the structures of the title with signs attacking the local police, specifically targeting their widely loved chief (Woody Harrelson). Them action sets off a small-scale civil war in the community that gradually draws in the chief's violence-prone second-in-command (Sam Rockwell), the mild-mannered head (Caleb Landry Jones) of the advertising company that owns the billboards, a dwarf who sells used cars (Peter Dinklage) as well as the protagonist's teen son (Lucas Hedges) and ex-husband (John Hawkes). The dramatic power of writer-director Martin McDonagh's emotional dynamo of a film as well as the glimmers of hope they allow shining through their bleak assessment of the human condition would normally permit endorsement for a circumscribed group of adult moviegoers, despite the many seamy elements in dialogue and action. But a plotline justifying suicide in some circumstances as well as a vicious diatribe against the Catholic priesthood make the picture spiritually unfit for all. Anti-Catholicism, a skewed view of suicide, an ambivalent treatment of vigilantism, some violence with brief gore, numerous profanities, at least one milder oath, pervasive rough and frequent crude language. The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
- - -
CLASSIFICATION
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (Fox Searchlight) -- Catholic News Service classification, O -- morally offensive. Motion Picture Association of America rating, R -- restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
Hamilton firefighters are poised to join paramedics in administering naloxone at overdose calls as the city struggles its way through a deepening opioid crisis.
The city's board of health has backed a staff recommendation authorizing firefighters to administer the overdose-reversing drug to patients.
"I think we need all hands on deck to try and avoid loss of life for individuals out there, and to protect our first responders," Mayor Fred Eisenberger said Monday.
Eisenberger said drug users are "playing Russian roulette" by taking potentially deadly mixes of fentanyl and heroin.
Naloxone, which can be inhaled or injected, has been used in emergency departments to reverse the effects of overdoses for decades. But kits with the drug, available at pharmacies, have since become lifesavers among those who use fentanyl to get high. In 2017, public health staff distributed 1,700 kits, reviving 453 people.
In late January, the province expanded the use of its naloxone program to include police services and fire departments, offering to fund kits at no charge to municipalities.
The Hamilton fire department will need roughly 66 kits with two doses of naloxone in each to be effective, noted a city staff report discussed during Monday's board of health meeting.
In 2017, firefighters responded to 234 calls of suspected overdoses, the report says, noting they sometimes arrive on scene before paramedics, putting them in an appropriate position to use nasal naloxone on patients.
Coun. Tom Jackson congratulated the fire department for its willingness to take on the added role, which still awaits final approval from council.
"I wholeheartedly support getting on with this," Jackson said.
SINGAPORE Singapore on Monday said it would repatriate the chief cleric of a Muslim mosque for offensive remarks targeting Christians and Jews, a decision that aimed to "repudiate divisive speech".
Authorities in the multi-ethnic city-state, an outpost of stability in a region where religious tension is not uncommon, are sensitive to public remarks they deem might adversely affect religious and social harmony.
During Friday prayers on Jan. 6, the cleric, Nalla Mohamed Abdul Jameel Abdul Malik, made use of the phrase, "Grant us help against the Jews and the Christians," the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) said on its website.
The 46-year-old, popularly known as "Nalla", admitted making the remarks, apologised and "recognised that it was unacceptable in Singapore's multi-racial and multi-religious context," the ministry said in a statement.
They pleaded guilty in a Singapore court, and was fined S$4,000 ($2,862), it added.
"He will be repatriated," it said. "Any religious leader from any religion who makes such statements will be held accountable for their actions."
The government had "the responsibility to act quickly and firmly to repudiate divisive speech, even if the course of action is sometimes difficult," it added.
"Nalla has worked diligently as Chief Imam at the Jamae Chulia Mosque over the past seven years, attending to the needs of their congregation, and reaching out to other faiths. They have not been deliberately malicious."
Reuters was unable to contact Nalla for comment. Domestic media said they had Indian nationality.
"I fully respect the laws of the land and appreciate the concerns of their people," the Straits Times newspaper on Friday quoted them as saying.
"I am truly sorry that I had offended you, and I must bear full responsibility for my actions."
Muslims and Christians account for about 15 percent each of Singapore's resident population, while Buddhists and Taoists make up just over half, according to a 2010 census.
($1=1.3975 Singapore dollars)
(Reporting by Marius Zaharia; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
As the first anniversary of Prince‘s shocking death approaches, newly unsealed court documents reveal that a doctor admitted to prescribing the singer opioids under a false name.
Dr. Michael Schulenberg said they prescribed Prince – whose April 21, 2016 death was ruled as an opioid overdose – Oxycodone under their bodyguard Kirk Johnson's name in order to preserve their privacy, according to multiple search warrants executed last year.
At Paisley Park – the singer's Minnesota compound – a suitcase labeled with the name tag “Peter Bravestrong” was found containing multiple pill bottles in Johnson's name, according to the documents. The prescription bottles contained pills other than those listed. Bravestrong, witnesses said, was an alias Prince often used while traveling.
Johnson, a close confidante and aide who started working for Prince in the '80s, said they were unaware the singer was addicted to pain medication, according to the documents. Witnesses, however, told authorities that Prince had recently been going through withdrawals from pain medication. (PEOPLE has been unable to reach Johnson and their lawyer for comment.)
In addition to the medication found in the suitcase, investigators also discovered opioids in multiple areas of Paisley Park and stored in containers other than pill vials, including vitamin bottles.
Prince, who was 57, died from a self-administered, accidental overdose of the drug Fentanyl – an extremely potent, synthetic opiate. They were found unresponsive in a Paisley Park elevator just one week after their private plane made an emergency landing in Moline, Illinois, after they fell unconscious during the flight.
At the airport, Prince was treated by paramedics who reportedly administered a shot of Narcan, usually used to treat overdoses from opioids.
FROM COINAGE: What Is The Grammy Bounce? (No, It's Not A Dance Move)
Schulenberg told authorities that they prescribed the Oxycodone to Prince on the same day as the plane landing. They asserted, however, that they only saw Prince twice: on April 7 and on the day before their death.
The warrants also reveal more details of Prince's romance with protegé Judith Glory Hill, which they told authorities started in the fall of 2014. Hill said that they communicated with Prince over landline phone or an email under the name of the star's former manager.
MILWAUKEE — Giannis Antetokounmpo made a driving layup with 1.9 seconds remaining after Jabari Parker chipped in with 12 points in their first game in nearly a year, lifting the Milwaukee Bucks over the New York Knicks 92-90 on Friday night.
Antetokounmpo, who sprained their left ankle late in Thursday night's loss to Minnesota, showed no ill effects and led all scorers with 29 points.
Parker hadn't played since tearing their left ACL on Feb. 8, 2017, in a game against Miami. They made 4 of 7 shots over nearly 15 minutes as a reserve.
Enes Kanter had 17 points and 18 rebounds to lead the Knicks, who were coming off a 103-73 loss to Boston on Wednesday night. Kristaps Porzingis also had 17 points.
Entering the fourth quarter tied at 74, the Bucks and Knicks continued their seesaw battle with neither team able to pull away. A layup by Antetokounmpo tied it at 90 with about two minutes remaining. After Tim Hardaway Jr. missed a pair of free throws for New York, Antetokounmpo failed to connect on a step-back jumper with 41.8 seconds left. After Kanter missed a layup, Antetokounmpo drove from the top of the key and made a spinning left-handed layup with 1.9 seconds remaining. After a Knicks timeout, Hardaway Jr. missed a desperation jumper at the horn.
The teams were tied at 55 at the half. Milwaukee got 13 points from Antetokounmpo and 12 from Parker, who played nearly 10 minutes in the first half. Kanter had 11 points and 10 rebounds.
Milwaukee got a much-needed spark from Parker in the first quarter. They scored seven points in just more than five minutes of action to help pull the Bucks within one point at the end of the quarter.
PLENTY OF PARKER
Parker's return comes at a critical juncture of the season, with the trade deadline looming next week and Milwaukee in the middle of the Eastern Conference playoff race. They entered the game with 5:25 remaining in the first quarter, replacing Antetokounmpo. They scored their first basket on a jumper from the right baseline a little more than one minute later.
The second overall pick of the 2014 draft out of Duke averaged career highs of 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds in 51 games last year before the injury. Parker tore the same ACL in December 2014, halting their rookie campaign after 25 games.
Municipalities are concerned with fatberg – caused by dumping fats, oils and grease that clog your pipes.
As many sit down this weekend for the Thanksgiving feast, they may not realize they are contributing to a costly problem.
The average 14 pound turkey produced about 250 millilitres or 1 cup of fat.
Image that multiplied by thousands of homes in this community alone and it can create a problem down the line.
Many municipalities are encouraging people to not pour fats, oils and grease (or FOG) down the drains. They mix with other items such as wipes and dental floss to create what's called a fatberg.
As soon as the FOGs go a short distance, they start to harden and end up clogging the sewage system.
Metro Vancouver spends about $2 million to repair the damage caused by these products and homeowners can also face costly bills when their pipes get blocked. That's why it created the Wipe It, Green Bin It campaigns to educate residents, but these tips can be used in homes throughout British Columbia.
Disposal:
• For small amounts of grease, wipe or scrape out the pot or pan and put the grease into your green bin.
• Larger amounts of grease, like deep fryer oil, can be dropped off at an approved recycling depot.
Kitchen cloggers:
• Fats – dairy produts, salad dressings, margarine, butter, shortening.
• Oils – cooking oils such as olive, canola, vegetable, corn, peanut, coconut) as well as oil-based sauces.
• Grease – pan drippings, trimmings from meat, lard.
READ ABOUT THANKSGIVING COOKING FIRE SAFETY
March 31 Huaiji Dengyun Auto-parts Holding Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to be 0 million yuan to 3 million yuan, compared to net loss of the same period in 2016 (4.1 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of diesel engine business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Pv5vV4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA:
* RESOLUTION TO DELIST NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA FROM OSLO BØRS
* ‍BANKRUPTCY HAS BEEN OPENED IN NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA​
* ‍SHARES OF NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA WILL BE DELISTED FROM OSLO BØRS FROM 5. FEBRUARY 2018​
* ‍LAST DAY OF LISTING WILL BE 2. FEBRUARY 2018.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON, March 30 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said Thursday it will vote in April to reverse a 2016 rule adopted by the Obama administration that limits the number of television stations some companies can buy.
The FCC rewrote its rules last year that allowed companies to only partially count certain stations against the limit on ownership to stations covering 39 percent of U.S. television household. The new rules did not require any company to sell existing stations but could bar new acquisitions. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Hurricanes coach Chris Boyd has taken a swipe at proposed All Blacks camps this year, which will remove players from Super Rugby teams mid-competition.
New Zealand Rugby is yet to confirm the concept, but it has been widely reported that the All Blacks will have access to leading Test candidates on four occasions during the Super Rugby season.
The short camps will fall midweek, meaning players will miss training sessions with their Super Rugby teams but be available for games.
Boyd told Stuff the camps will compromise their team's preparations and suggested they were instigated without sufficient consultation.
"It is not tidy for anyone because at the end of the day, generally those guys that go to the All Blacks are the guys that are key to your environment," they said.
"So not to have them at the start of the week and then play a game two days later, is really short of high performance in my mind.
"I think the bit that I was disappointed about - I am not sure that all relevant parties to that decision ever got in a room and chewed it over."
Following the All Blacks' 2007 World Cup failure, much of the blame was attributed to then-coach Graham Henry's decision to pull senior players out of a large chunk of the Super 14 season.
No New Zealand team made the final and Henry later admitted their "reconditioning" programme was a mistake.
Boyd is to take charge of their fourth and final season of a successful tenure with the Hurricanes, having signed to join English club Northampton.
 They are a firm believer in the important role of Super Rugby in building a strong All Blacks side.
They say that is often forgotten when celebrating the enormous success under coach Steve Hansen in recent years, including their 2015 World Cup title defence.
"Yes, they have to go to another level with the All Blacks, but I think it would be disrespectful if anyone thought the Super clubs weren't making a contribution to what the All Blacks actually get to deal with."
Boyd raised eyebrows this week when revealing they haven't spoken to Hansen during their three years in charge.
WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order on Thursday filing and settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of Deutsche Bank AG, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
The CFTC said that from at least January 2007 to until May 2012, Deutsche Bank Securities made false reports and attempted to manipulate the U.S. Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX), a leading global benchmark referenced in a range of interest rate products.
It said Deutsche Bank Securities did so to benefit its derivatives positions, including positions involving cash-settled options on interest rate swaps.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
GRAMBLING, La. — Ivy Smith Jr., scored 20 points and Devante Jackson added 15 points and Grambling held on to beat Southern 69-68 on Saturday in the Tigers' first home game since Jan. 15.
Smith missed 13 of 17 shots from field but made up for it shooting 12 of 15 from the foul line. Nigel Ribiero added 10 points for Grambling (11-12, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic).
With Grambling leading 69-66, Smith fouled Jared Sam with five seconds left after they converted a layup to reduce Southern's deficit to a point. But Sam missed the potential and-1 chance to tie it and time ran out.
Sam's layup gave Southern a 41-32 lead with 13:32 left. Grambling later went on an 8-0 run and Jackson tied it at 45 with a dunk. The teams traded leads before Jackson made two foul shots for a 61-60 lead that Grambling never gave up. Ribeiro made two fouls shots for a 69-66 lead with 15 second left.
Tomorrow 50%
High 30° / Low 26°
Chance of Rain
A few showers in the morning, then clouds lingering in the afternoon. High around 30C. Winds E at 15 to 25 km/h. Chance of rain 50%.
(Reuters Health) - The higher risk of preterm births for women over 40 may not be completely explained by their greater use of reproductive technology or medical interventions like induced labor or planned cesarean deliveries, a Canadian study suggests.
The study confirmed that women over 40 do have the highest risk of preterm births: 7.8 percent of pregnancies in this age group resulted in preterm births and 1 percent ended in extremely premature deliveries. Women age 30 to 34 had the lowest risk: 5.7 percent of pregnancies involved preterm deliveries and 0.6 percent resulted in extremely early arrivals.
Compared with women age 30 to 34, the over-40 mothers were 14 percent more likely to have a spontaneous preterm delivery and 31 percent more likely to have early deliveries because of labor induction, cesarean births or other interventions. This offers fresh evidence that age is an independent risk factor for preterm births, researchers conclude in PLoS One.
“A common hypothesis is that the increased risk of preterm birth among aged mothers is largely explained by early labor induction for medical conditions,” said Dr. Antonio Simone Lagana of the Filippo Del Ponte Hospital and the University of Insubria in Varese, Italy.
“However, this study found that advanced maternal age (40 years and over) was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth even after adjustment for known confounders, such as placenta previa, gestational diabetes, medical history, use of assisted reproduction technologies and occurrence of invasive procedures that are all more common in older mothers,” Lagana, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
The oldest mothers in the study had a higher risk of going into early labor on their own and also of having a premature delivery induced for medical reasons. This suggests that not all of the increased risk of premature deliveries can be explained by decisions doctors make in the delivery room, said Dr. Alice Goisis of the London School of Economics.
“The association cannot be entirely attributed to medical interventions alone,” Goisis, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
In the weeks immediately after birth, preemies often have difficulty breathing and digesting food. They can also encounter longer-term challenges such as impaired vision, hearing and cognitive skills, as well as social and behavioral problems.
Pregnancy normally lasts about 40 weeks, and babies born after 37 weeks are considered full term. The study focused on preterm babies delivered during weeks 32 to 36 of pregnancy, as well as on extremely premature infants delivered before 32 weeks' gestation.
The study by Dr. Florent Fuchs of CHU Sainte Justine in Montreal and colleagues examined data on 184,000 births in 32 hospitals in Quebec, Canada. Fuchs didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
Women over 40 in the study were more likely to have many risk factors for prematurity such as obesity, pregnancy-related diabetes or high blood pressure, and a complication known as placenta previa, when the placenta nourishing the baby separates from the uterine wall.
One limitation of the study is that data on weight was missing for 28 percent of participants. Researchers also lacked data on several factors that can influence the chances of a preterm birth including socioeconomic status.
Even so, the results add to the evidence that advanced maternal age can make a preterm birth more likely, said Dr. Ali Khashan of the School of Public Health and INFANT Center at University College Cork in Ireland.
But all women, including older women, can take steps to reduce their odds of a preterm birth, Khashan, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Women who are planning pregnancy, especially after age 40, should optimize their health pre-pregnancy, maintain a healthy weight, and engage with health services early in pregnancy,” Khashan advised.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2BQMA03 PLoS One, online January 31, 2018.
* Bonds sell off as strong economy overshadows Brexit fears
* Germany 10-yr yield up 2 bps, lower-rated bonds outperform
* Fischer comments reassures investors on U.S. direction
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, March 29 A strengthening euro zone economy gave investors confidence to continue selling euro zone government bonds on Wednesday, the day on which Britain is set to officially trigger divorce proceedings with the European Union.
In a sea change from fears that gripped the region on the day after last June's Brexit vote, high-rated euro zone government bond yields rose 1-2 basis points on Wednesday as investors eschewed "safe" assets and opted for riskier ones such as stocks.
Analysts cited a strengthening euro zone economy and a higher inflation expectations as the main cause for rising yields. Data this Friday is expected to show that consumer prices rose 1.8 percent in the euro zone in March, holding near the ECB's inflation target.
"A mixture of good data seems to be proving the European economy is doing quite well," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz, pointing in particular to a survey on private sector activity released on Friday.
Businesses across the euro zone marked the end of the first quarter by ramping up activity at the fastest pace in almost six years to meet burgeoning demand, a survey found on Friday.
This is the latest in a string of data releases that suggest returning growth and inflation in the euro zone, a very different picture from the one predicted by many when Britain voted to leave the EU in June last year.
On the day after the Brexit vote, German 10-year government bonds, the benchmark for the single currency bloc, saw the yield drop to a low of minus 0.17 percent.
It fell further in the days after as both Britain and Europe prepared for a period of profound uncertainty as to the political and economic repercussions of the loss of one of the trading bloc's five big economies.
Since then, the yield on Germany's 10-year bond has risen well over 50 basis points into positive territory and rose another 2 bps on Wednesday to hit 0.40 percent.
Other high-rated euro zone bond yields were also up 1-2 bps on the day, while lower-rated South European bonds outperformed the market, only edging slightly higher on the day.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index meanwhile was 0.2 percent higher in early trade.
Yields were also given an upward push after the U.S. Federal Reserve vice chair signalled that two more rate hikes are on the cards this year, soothing concerns that inflation and growth expectations in the world's richest country may have been overdone.
Stanley Fischer said on Tuesday that two more rate hikes this year "seems about right", pushing 10-year U.S. government bond yields higher.
"The possibility that all in all there could be three rate hikes this year could be a trigger for higher yields today as well," said DZ Bank's Lenz.
U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to push through a healthcare bill sparked concerns that they may struggle to go through with infrastructure spending promises, thereby potentially reducing expectations for growth and inflation in that country.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Alison Williams)
During Monday's hearing, the Crown read out the aunt's victim impact statement to the court.
"Since these traumatic events, I can tell you that for me, I am barely surviving. There is no a day that goes by that I don't think of the horrific things that have happened to my niece. It is beyond me how someone would want to have sex with a seven-year-old child. "
Defence lawyer Harold Mattson said Lucas themselves was abused from the age of eight or nine.
"So you say to yourself, 'Who protected Sonya Lucas?' Nobody."
Mattson described the abuse led their client to alcohol abuse and eventually into the sex trade.
They also said Lucas is no "Karla Homolka," noting they did not know they were going to be involved with the sexual assault of a child.
The prosecution, however, argued Lucas continued to film on the cellphone even after realizing the victim was a girl.
"Not only did they get handed the camera, but they continued to video when they realized the abuse that was occurring," assistant Crown Janet Booy said.
Nor did Lucas call police to notify them about the abuse of the girl.
More to come.
New Mexico man gets 170-year prison term in child porn case
LAS CRUCES, N.M. (AP) — A New Mexico man has been sentenced to 170 years in federal prison for producing and possessing child pornography and conspiring to transport people illegally into the country.
Prosecutors say 34-year-old Samuel Elliott of Columbus also was ordered to pay more than $210,000 in restitution to each of the three children victimized by the child porn production scheme.
They say Elliott got 30 years in prison on each of three child porn counts to run consecutive for 90 years. They also got 20 years in prison for each of four porn possession counts to run consecutive for 80 years and a concurrent 15-month term for the transporting charge.
Prosecutors say the child porn crimes occurred between December 2012 and July 2013 while Elliott conspired to transport immigrants in August 2013.
As a Medical Exercise Specialist, I see many challenging clients on a daily basis. They range from those who are deconditioned and trying to manage a chronic medical condition, to elite fitness participants looking for an edge. A common thread is that everyone has "something," whether it be tendinitis, arthritis or just some type of old injury. I've had surgery on my elbows, my hands, my left knee and my right shoulder. While I can do a lot, without proper planning and progression, I find myself in pain due to an aggravation of an old injury. For this reason, maintenance exercises are part of my weekly routine along with more aggressive training for strength and fitness.
One of the most meaningful lessons I learned as a newly certified Medical Exercise Specialist in 1996, was the difference between fitness training, post-rehab training and medical exercise. Fitness training is what is performed by apparently healthy individuals with the intention of becoming stronger, fitter, more flexible and leaner. Post-rehab training takes place when a client is referred directly from physiotherapy, chiropractic or medical care. These clients are in need of more intense exercise and are no longer appropriate candidates for physiotherapy, but may be left with "deficits" such as weakness, low aerobic fitness, high blood pressure or a variety of other conditions. The service I provide them is a "bridge" between health care and fitness, ultimately working toward independence.
While post-rehab clients come directly from therapy to fitness, medical exercise clients are removed from therapy or a diagnosis by more than one year. In most cases, they have learned to live with an old injury that flares up on occasion and would like to enhance their well-being while improving the function of a specific area of their body.
Dr. Michael Jones, founder of the Medical Exercise Training Institute in Katy, Texas, has coined the phrase "Primary Medical Exercise Training Condition" for these clients who are somewhere between injured and healthy. They have identified the seven regions of the body that medical exercise can most help to stabilize while working on general fitness. The regions are; the shoulders, knees, ankles, hips, neck/upper back, lumbar and the elbow.
In my practice, it is most common to see people with problems in their shoulders, knees and lower backs. Over the next several weeks, I will be addressing each region individually, outlining the most common conditions affecting each and explaining how they can be managed within a comprehensive fitness plan.
In the meantime, I wanted to provide a bit of an update on my situation.
Readers of this column will know that I had significant shoulder surgery in 2016 to repair torn rotator cuffs and a deteriorated joint. My recovery was long, but, ultimately successful. While I couldn't bench press an unloaded bar one time prior to surgery, I pressed 200 pounds this week for multiple repetitions. Unfortunately, being able to lift heavy weights again meant that my other shoulder (which also has a small tear in it) became very sore and seemed to be headed toward surgery as well. As a result, I decided to take time off from weight lifting to allow for a reduction of inflammation and pain and focused on strengthening my rotator cuffs using moves that I learned in physiotherapy. These exercises are notoriously boring but I stuck with them and started to feel better.
Over time, I got back to my regular weight lifting routine and made the physiotherapy movements a regular, consistent part of my weekly exercise plan. The result is that I no longer have any shoulder pain and am I lifting heavier than I have in years. The lesson that I learned from this experience was to not drop the exercises once I started to feel better. They are now part of my day, like flossing. Not exciting, but, extremely valuable.
Medical Exercise Specialist Ernie Schramayr helps their clients manage medical conditions with exercise. You can follow them at erniesfitnessworld.com; 905-741-7532 or erniesfitnessworld@gmail.com.
Insurer Hastings Group (HSTG.L), which sells most of its policies via price comparison websites, sees opportunities to gain market share this year as legal changes drive up the cost of motor insurance premiums in Britain.
A surprise cut this year in the discount rate used to calculate lump sum payments in personal injury claims has pushed up the size of those payments and dented several insurers' profits.
Insurance premiums across the industry have climbed about 3-4 percent over the last couple of months, Chief Executive Gary Hoffman said, adding that Hastings would benefit by providing more competitive deals for the increased number of customers switching policies.
"Anything that increases premiums means more customers shop around, and our business model concentrates on price comparison websites (which) means that we are able to deploy our retail skills to win more business relative to others," they told Reuters.
On the back of higher premiums, Hastings on Friday reported a 24 percent increase in first-quarter net revenue to 164.5 million pounds, ahead of RBC Capital Markets' forecast of 158 million pounds.
The British insurance broker's shares rose to a record high as it also reported a 26 percent rise in gross written premiums to 214.7 million pounds, and an increase in market share in UK private car insurance to 6.7 percent from 6 percent.
"Higher prices will likely lead to increased churn and greater use of price comparison websites among consumers, and therefore allow Hastings to increase its share of the UK motor market faster than previously forecast," Berenberg analysts wrote in a note.
Hastings' shares were up 3.8 percent at 308.5 pence at 0901 GMT, having pared some of their earlier gains. The stock was the second biggest percentage gainer on London's midcap index .FTMC.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish and Noor Zainab Hussian in Bengaluru and Carolyn Cohn in London, Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and David Evans)
LOS ANGELES — Tobias Harris scored 24 points in their Clippers debut, leading Los Angeles to a 113-103 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday.
Danilo Gallinari also had 24 points, Lou Williams added 21 points and six assists, and Montrezl Harrell scored 14 to help the Clippers win for the third time in four games.
Zach LaVine lhad 21 points and nine rebounds to led six Bulls players scoring in double figures in their sixth straight loss.
Chicago missed its first seven field goals of the game and finished shooting 36.1 per cent.
Harris, Avery Bradley and Boban Marjanovic came to the Clippers on Monday in the trade that sent Blake Griffin to Detroit.
Center DeAndre Jordan, also rumoured to be in trade conversations, led the Clippers with 16 rebounds but scored only three points on 1-for-6 shooting.
The Bulls never led, but remained within striking distance throughout most of the game. The Clippers outscored Chicago in the paint, 52-36.
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said newly acquired Omer Asik, Jameer Nelson and Tony Allen did not suit up because they had yet to take their physicals. ... Sent an assistant trainer to Chicago to check on the progress of G Kris Dunn (concussion). Said Hoiberg: "He's still on the concussion protocol. As they continue to feel better, hopefully they can cross off the steps to get out of it. Then he'll need a couple of practices before he's cleared." ... F Lauri Markkanen remained home for the birth of their first child but Hoiberg said they may rejoin the team for their next game in Sacramento.
Clippers: C Doc Rivers said G Austin Rivers (right ankle) should return when the team starts to play seven consecutive road games on Feb. 9. He's missed 17 games with what was originally called a strained Achilles.
April 28 Dogan Gazetecilik:
* Said on Thursday decided to buy 25 percent stake in Oncu Girisim Sermayesi Yatirim Ortakligi (Oncu GSYO) through participation into capital increase in Oncu GSYO with 20.0 million lira ($5.61 million)
* Share capital of Oncu GSYO will be increased to 80.0 million lira from 51.0 million lira
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.5667 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Welltend Technology to pay 2016 dividend on July 27
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 27
Dog owners were known to SPCA and had been convicted on animal cruelty charges in 2015
16 dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel. Pixabay photo
Sixteen dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel by the BC SPCA.
A July 4 press release from the SPCA says the dogs were being kept in crates too small for their size in a poorly ventilated area, with little or no access to water and with feces/urine-soaked matting.
Karin and Catherine Adams have been named as the individuals keeping the dogs.
The BC SPCA says the pair are known to them, and were convicted of animal cruelty in 2015 after an SPCA investigation. Their sentencing included a 20-year ban on owning animals.
“It is extremely frustrating when we deal with repeat offenders, particularly those who breach the terms of their sentencing,” says Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
“However, we are pleased that these dogs are now safe and are getting the attention and care they need.”
Moriarty adds that the SPCA was alerted to the situation by calls from concerned members of the public, and their investigation went on from there. “These individuals are very, very well known to us.”
They say that in the past, the Adams women have been caught with even more animals in their care. The pair has made concerted efforts to sell puppies in the past, and the BC SPCA has also previously found distressed horses in their care.
“They are notorious,” they say.
The dogs include breeds such as German shepherds, a Yorkshire terrier, a retriever, bull terriers, standard poodles, Portuguese water dogs, a Pekingese, corgi-border collie crosses and miniature pinschers.
The SPCA says they will be recommending new charges of animal cruelty, and the investigation continues.
The women will face charges for violating the conditions of their 2015 sentence.
The SPCA currently have the dogs in a number of different shelters throughout the Interior.
Moriarty says there is no evidence the dogs were stolen; however, if individuals' dogs have been stolen and they believe their dog may be one of the 16, they can bring their dogs' identification to the SPCA.
editor@quesnelobserver.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
March 31 Photon Control Inc
* Photon Control Inc. announces changes to board and management team
* Photon Control Inc - Michael W Goldstein has resigned from board of Photon Control and as acting CEO, effective as of April 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Phh Corp
* PHH Corporation announces leadership transition
* Says Robert Crowl appointed COO
* Says Michael Bogansky appointed CFO
* PHH Corp - Crowl to become president and CEO on June 28, 2017, succeeding glen messina
* PHH Corp - management changes are expected to result in at least $5 million in savings on an annualized basis
* PHH Corp - $5 million in savings on annualized basis consistent with previously announced plan to reduce total shared services expenses to about $75 million in H2'18 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May arrives to speak to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May greets supporters after speaking at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to supporters at a campaign event at Shine Centre in Leeds, Britain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Anthony Devlin/Pool
LONDON German Chancellor Angela Merkel's comments about Britain having illusions over its future relationship with the European Union show how tough the upcoming Brexit negotiations will be, Prime Minister Theresa May will say on Thursday.
Earlier Merkel said some people in Britain still had illusions over the EU rights they would continue to enjoy after Brexit and insisted the bloc would only agree on future ties with London after an exit deal has been nailed down.
May will use a speech in the opposition Labour stronghold of Leeds in northern England on Thursday to urge voters to back their Conservative Party at an election on June 8 to give them "the strongest possible hand" in negotiations.
"This election is not about who you may have voted for in the past. It is about voting in the national interest. Voting for the future. And every vote cast for me ... will strengthen my hand when I negotiate with the Prime Ministers, Presidents and Chancellors of Europe," they will say according to advance extracts released by their party.
"(Merkel) says the UK has 'illusions' about the process and that the 27 member states of the European Union agree. We can see how tough those negotiations are going to be at times."
May, whose Conservatives have a substantial opinion poll lead over Labour, will say that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn would be "a weak leader negotiating Brexit".
"Our opponents are already seeking to disrupt those negotiations, at the same time as 27 other European countries line up to oppose us," May will say.
"That approach can only mean one thing – uncertainty and instability, bringing grave risk to our growing economy with higher taxes, fewer jobs, more waste and more debt."
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Jesse Duplantis Ministries has three private jets, but Duplantis needs one more.
After all, as the televangelist who preaches the controversial "prosperity gospel" explained to their followers in a video last week, if Jesus Christ walked the earth today, "he wouldn't be riding a donkey."
There's just one thing: To buy that $54 million private jet (Duplantis has their eye on a Dassault Falcon 7x), the Louisiana preacher needs their followers to donate money to the cause. As for those asupervisorstioned three jets, the most recent of which was purchased in 2006, the ministry has been "just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ," Duplantis said in the video, per NOLA.com.
The Falcon 7x, with a range of 5,950 nautical miles, is needed "so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop," they explained. None of their other jets can do that.
Duplantis told their followers that God told him, "I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X." They said viewers should "pray about becoming a partner to it."
They addressed the possible controversial nature of their request, per WGNO: "Now some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this gospel preached to the world."
They have defended their use of private planes in the past in what the Washington Post calls a "widely mocked" video in which they and another preacher said, among other things, that you can't speak openly to God on a commercial airliner.
Duplantis, who has a church just outside New Orleans, also owns one of the largest homes in St. Charles Parish; it has 22,039 square feet of living space and 12,947 square feet of outdoor patios, garages, and other amenities.
Monica Potter and their husband Daniel Christopher Allison are divorcing, PEOPLE has confirmed.
“She is very sad and heartbroken,” says a source close to the couple. “But they are focused on co-parenting their daughter.”
Potter and Allison, an orthopedic surgeon, married in 2005 and share a 12-year-old daughter, Molly Brigid. The Parenthood star also has two grown sons — Liam, 23, a writer, and Daniel, 27, an actor — from a previous marriage.
The news comes on the heels of recent speculation that Potter, 46, was pregnant with the couple's second child, sparked after the actor shared an Instagram photo of themselves cradling their bloated stomach. As it turned out, the actor has been dealing with gastrointestinal issues from colitis, an inflammatory bowel disease.
Daniel Christopher Allison and Monica Potter JB Lacroix/WireImage
They explained in a YouTube video that they posted the photo to raise awareness of intestinal issues and to encourage people to get a colonoscopy.
RELATED VIDEO: Monica Potter Clarifies That She's Not Pregnant — They Have Colitis
“So we posted something yesterday about my belly, and thank you for all of the well-wishes — I'm not pregnant. I'm kind of a little old to be pregnant, but you never know,” Potter said. “But what I wanted to bring to everyone's awareness was some issues that I've been having with my belly, and sometimes these issues aren't talked about. Colitis, Crohn's, and getting a colonoscopy to diagnose what's going on with our stomachs and intestinal problems.”
Shout it from the rooftops, tell everybody you know—Terrance Simien is returning to our community! All of us who enjoyed their appearance here a couple of years ago vividly remember the incredibly energetic joy they and their cohorts ignited wherever they performed as they reveled in the music they so skillfully produced. Darke County Center for the Arts will present Terrance and their Zydeco Experience Band in concert at The Bistro Off Broadway on Thursday, October 26 as part of DCCA's casual Coffeehouse Series; the show starts at 7 p.m. Terrance and the band will also be performing for fourth through sixth grade students at all local public schools during the week of October 23.
Terrance, an eighth generation Creole, has been playing the indigenous music of their people since they were a teenager in the late 1970s, and has lost none of their commitment or enthusiasm in the intervening decades. Terrance, born into the hippie folk and soul music era, was influenced and inspired by almost all of the music from that period, from Bob Dylan to Simon and Garfunkel to Sam Cook to the Commodores; but their musical roots spring from their Creole heritage. Terrance's influence has been vital to the renaissance of Zydeco in this country and around the world.
The Simiens were among the first families to settle in southwest Louisiana, arriving in the area in the mid-1700s. Although the first language of Louisiana Creoles is French, their culture is an exotic blend of African, French, Spanish, and Native American heritage, blending old world ingredients into the new world to form a marvelous cultural gumbo that has gifted the nation with an authentic cuisine and a rich music tradition that have earned Louisiana a highly-regarded international reputation.
Blessed with an extraordinary talent that expresses the deepest human emotions through the original human instrument, the voice, Terrance takes their audiences on a multicultural tour of the world, creating a hypnotic blend of New Orleans funk-reggae-world-blues-American roots music that gets audiences into the groove and onto their feet. Terrance has represented their country and their culture across the globe, performing in Cuba for the U.S. State Department and in Mali as part of Carnegie Hall's unique Global Encounters program.
Their groundbreaking Creole for Kids Arts In Education program has been presented to over 500,000 people since its debut, increasing cultural literacy about zydeco roots music as well as building a fan base for the art form. The melody for zydeco music is provided by the accordion, an old world instrument played by folk musicians all over the world, but the instrument that makes zydeco become zydeco is the frottoir, the washboard often worn as a vest that provides the rhythm undergirding the music. The frottoir, which means “friction strip” in French and is one of the very first percussion instruments created in the United States, has also been successfully utilized by rock musicians including Bruce Springsteen and ZZ Top.
Do not miss this opportunity to partake of an amazing cultural experience that generates wonder and joy, ultimately producing a really good time for all concerned. Tickets for the Coffeehouse concert at the Bistro Off Broadway by Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience Band cost $10, and can be reserved by contacting DCCA at 937-547-0908 or dcca@centerforarts.net, or purchased at DCCA's office located within Greenville Public Library or online at www.CenterForArts.net. If any remain by showtime, tickets will also be available at the door. To make dinner reservations, contact The Bistro at 937-316-5000. The Arts In Education show which are free and open to the public are scheduled in coordination with local schools; contact DCCA for more information regarding specific times and locations.
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_delkcolumnPRINT.jpg
By Marilyn Delk DCCA News
Marilyn Delk is a director of the Darke County Center for the Arts and can be reached at marilynd@bright.net. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Marilyn Delk is a director of the Darke County Center for the Arts and can be reached at marilynd@bright.net. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
(Adds comment on iron ore imports)
April 13 China's imports of oil, copper, iron ore, coal and soybeans in March surge on a month earlier, customs data showed on Thursday.
KEY POINTS:
Copper: China imported 430,000 tonnes, versus 340,000 tonnes in February
Crude oil: China imported 38.95 million tonnes, versus 31.78 million tonnes in February
Iron ore: China imported 95.56 million tonnes, versus 83.49 million tonnes in February
Soybeans: China imported 6.33 million tonnes, versus 5.54 million tonnes in February
Coal: China imported 22.09 million tonnes, versus 17.68 million tonnes in February
Preliminary table of commodity trade data
Commentary on copper:
HELEN LAU, ARGONAUT SECURITIES, HONG KONG
“We have been seeing exchange inventories going down, so we are not surprised about the March import recovery. For fabricators, perhaps they are looking at the short supply of copper concentrate, and choosing to import more metal now. For sure, this trend will extend into April but for May we will need to wait and see.”
Commentary on crude oil:
HARRY LIU, ANALYST, IHS MARKIT
"The 9.2 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude imports is definitely a shocking number. That means China built close to 1.7 million bpd of crude inventory in March, way off the chart from any perspectives! Particularly at a time when storage capacity addition is light. This level of imports are considered unsustainable in the coming months. We're expecting a significant slowdown to close to 8 million bpd as refinery maintenance picks up, as well as the tightening room for stock building."
Commentary on Soybeans:
MONICA TU, ANALYST, JC INTELLIGENCE CO
"The figures are basically in line with the market expectation. Buyers bought a lot of soybeans from Brazil maybe out of concern about Sino-U.S. trade relations. And logistics were quite smooth and shipping was fast. On the domestic demand side, soybean crushers signed many presale contracts around spring festival time in January and February, when there was mismatch of supply and demand. We expect soy imports for the coming months to be even higher, reaching over 8 million tonnes in April, May and June. Pressure on supplies will start kicking in around April."
Commentary on coal:
ZHANG XIAOJIN, COAL ANALYST, EVERBRIGHT FUTURES
"The year on year increase in monthly coal imports is quite high and a bit unexpectedly. Robust imports reflected both strong demand from the power plants in the first three months and deep discount of imported coal to domestic coal. Demand for imported coal remain strong in April, but due to disruption to transportation in Australian, shipment could be lowed compared with March."
Commentary on iron ore:
NEV POWER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, FORTESCUE METALS GROUP
"We have seen the follow through on new supply coming on to the market in seaborne iron ore and there is still more supply to come, which will replace higher cost (Chinese) production. Imported iron ore to China will continue at the levels we are seeing now or perhaps even grow as we go forward."
LINKS:
For details, see the official Customs website (www.customs.gov.cn)
BACKGROUND:
China is the world's biggest net crude oil consumer and top buyer of copper, coal, iron ore and soy. (Reporting by Asia Commodities and Energy team; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
The Rockets make late scoring spree from guards James Harden and Chris Paul to thank for the win
Published 5:08 PM, December 12, 2017
LOS ANGELES, USA – The Golden State Warriors shrugged off the absence of Stephen Curry to edge past the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday, December 10.
The injured Curry and Draymond Green were both missing from the Warriors line-up in Oakland but Kevin Durant stepped up with 28 points as the NBA champions claimed a 111-104 win at the Oracle Arena.
Klay Thompson also tallied 24 points for the Warriors, who remain second in the Western Conference standings with a 22-6 record behind first place Houston.
The Warriors recorded their 7th straight victory after overcoming a virtuoso performance from Portland's Damian Lillard, who finished with 39 points.
The Rockets head the standings in the Western Conference after vanquishing the New Orleans Pelicans 130-123 at the Toyota Center.
The Rockets had a late scoring spree from guards James Harden and Chris Paul to thank for the win, which saw them overturn a 13-point third quarter deficit to claim a 10th straight victory.
It was a close one but the Force was with us.#RunAsOne pic.twitter.com/5VmOh4gPVM — Houston Rockets (@HoustonRockets) December 12, 2017
Harden scored 26 points – 12 of them in the fourth quarter – while also notching a career-high 17 assists.
Paul also left their scoring late, with 16 of 20 points in the fourth.
Harden later revealed they had urged Paul to raise the tempo in the fourth quarter.
"I told them to be aggressive. They were passive throughout the entire game," Harden said of Paul.
"I told him, 'Be aggressive, take your shots.' They made some big threes, got to the basket a couple times, and gave us some momentum offensively. And then defensively we got stops."
New Orleans were without talisman Anthony Davis, struggling with a left adductor strain. Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry was left impressed by Houston.
"You can see why they have the best record in the league," Gentry said of the Rockets. "I thought we did everything we had to do to try and put ourselves in a position to try to win it."
Meanwhile, the Toronto Raptors missed the chance to close the gap on Boston in the Eastern Conference after being pipped 96-91 by the Clippers in Los Angeles. – Rappler.com
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson missed their second consecutive game with right calf soreness.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts missed their fourth straight because of tightness in their left side that flared up during BP Sunday. "If he's OK, most likely he'll be in the lineup tomorrow," manager Alex Cora said. . 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off.
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third — one at second on a steal attempt and the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away. Both were overturned.
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get their World Series ring before Thursday's series opener in Houston.
"It was an amazing ride," they said.
They plan to bring a jersey they wore last season as the team's bench coach, have it signed by the Astros and hang it "probably at home."
HARD SHOT
Pllate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off their chest but stayed in the game. Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: LHP Jaime Garcia (2-3, 5.52 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday's series opener at Detroit.
Red Sox: LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston. They 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in their last three starts and hasn't gone past four innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ken Powtak, The Associated Press
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Oral Navajo history, culture preserved on reel-to-reel tape
Photo: Vita Volkert, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 ADVANCE FOR USE ON JULY 4, 2018 AND THEREAFTER In this Thursday, June 14, 2018 photo, this tape is part of a special collection of more than 1,700 reel-to-reel magnetic tapes, containing interviews with Navajo elders and medicine people conducted in the 1960s-1970s that are currently stored in the library inside the Navajo Nation Museum in Window Rock, Ariz. (Vita Volkert/Gallup Independent via AP) less ADVANCE FOR USE ON JULY 4, 2018 AND THEREAFTER In this Thursday, June 14, 2018 photo, this tape is part of a special collection of more than 1,700 reel-to-reel magnetic tapes, containing interviews with Navajo ... more Photo: Vita Volkert, AP Oral Navajo history, culture preserved on reel-to-reel tape 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
GALLUP, N.M. (AP) — About five decades have passed since Etsitty Bedonie talked about the "Beginning of the Enemies." Their account about the enemies of the Navajo, as they heard it from their grandfather, was recorded with a reel-to-reel magnetic tape recorder, most likely, at Bedonie's home in the Crownpoint area around 1969.
The interviewer was Tom Ration, a member of the Navajo Cultural Center - a group of Navajos who in the 1960s-1970s traveled around all five regions of the Navajo Nation and interviewed about 450 Navajo men and women and preserved their oral history on audio tape.
Based on a translation of Bedonie's account of the "Beginning of the Enemies," which was transcribed by Darlene Peterson, Chief Mountain, known as Na-ta-Dzil in the Navajo language, rode on their horse from Huerfano Mountain to a squaw dance at Coyote Canyon to warn the people about the consequences of stealing horses and sheep from the Mexicans.
The people, however, ignored their warnings and continued to dance and sing, and Chief Mountain got on their horse and rode in anger into the ash pile. They told the participants that because of their thievery, "even the bushes and stones around here will all turn into enemies now."
According to Bedonie's account, Chief Mountain's predictions "came true," and "the reason that various peoples became enemies of the Navajo is because of "Navajo thievery." The enemies included Apache, Ute, Mexican, Spanish and Puebloans.
This story must have preceded the Long Walk (1863-1964) because in the next page of the transcript, Bedonie talks about a group of Navajo's long journey to Fort Sumner. They described the journey and encounters with armed men and said the people were very hungry and did not know how to cook, "so they mixed flour and coffee together and put water into it." The Mexicans had to teach them how to make tortillas and bake them on a frying pan, and how to make coffee.
Bedonie must have learned the story from their grandfather, who was a medicine man from Huerfano Mountain. They said their grandfather took part on the Long Walk to captivity and at some point during the journey traded beads for a cow "and this saved the people from starvation."
Bedonie told other stories about Navajo history and culture, and they were all recorded in the same fashion.
Bedonie's oral teachings, and those of other 450 elders, are preserved in more than 1,700 tapes currently stored in a special collection room inside the library at the Navajo Nation Museum in Window Rock.
"This whole effort was a way to preserve the culture, the language and the belief system of the Navajo by putting it into reel-to-reel tapes," said Deswood Tome, whose biological mother, Ruth Morgan Green, was part of the group of interviewers. They eventually became program director. "They went out and recorded more than 1,500 reel-to-reel tapes and spoke to several hundred men and women, they called them informants, but they were medicine people. They recorded chants, ceremonies, the stories, and a lot of that is in Navajo language that is archaic. A modern day Navajo speaker would probably have difficulty with it."
PRESERVATION
Irving Nelson, program supervisor with the Office of Navajo Nation Library, said they knew about the tapes since they started working for the department in late 1970s but only learned about their importance when years later, in the 1990s, the late Navajo Code Talker Carl Gorman and a group of volunteers starting fundraising to build the Navajo Nation Museum, which was achieved and completed around 1993, and it's where the library is now located.
"(Gorman) had been the director of the Navajo Cultural Center, the group that gathered the oral history in the 1960s," Nelson said. "He was talking about how important this was, that's when I found out the complete Nine-Night Ceremony for the Yei Bi Chei was also recorded by the group."
Nelson, whose father was a Yei Bi Chei dancer in Tuba City, Arizona, then understood the significance of the content in the tapes. They said the tapes were initially stored in an old jail cell in Fort Defiance, Arizona. Because they were in a "musky jail cell," the plan was to move them to a better location where they could be preserved for future generations. They believe all of the people interviewed for this project have already died and the information preserved is priceless.
Nelson said their office met the board of the Office of Navajo Economic Opportunity in 1978 and made a request to have the tapes transferred to the Navajo Nation Library, which at the time was located in the basement of the former recreation hall in Window Rock.
Eventually, the tapes followed Nelson to their current location. The information on the tapes has been transcribed and is stored in paper files in the same building, and over the years, scholars and authors from all over the country have accessed the files and used the content as reference in books and projects. Nelson said thousands of books have been written about Navajo based on that information.
Several years ago, the library had an agreement with Dine College and "they made copies of the entire tape collection, but they lost the collection, there was a big fire in the Shiprock campus. I understand they lost the entire collection." This made Nelson more aware about the importance of protecting the tapes.
One way was transferring the data to digital format. In 2015, Nelson and their staff approached the Navajo Nation Board of Education to start looking at ways to secure funding to preserve the tapes for future generations. A couple years later and several resolutions through the different committees of the Navajo Nation Council, Nelson finally got the approval.
The Navajo Nation Council approved funding in the amount of $190,649 for the preservation of the tapes during the 2018 spring session.
"We got a lot of support for the preservation of the oral history collection," they said, adding they are very grateful the Navajo Nation Council and President Russell Begaye, who ultimately signed the resolution into law, understood the significance of this project.
NAVAJO ENCYCLOPEDIA
"I see this collection as the source for Navajo culture, lives and customs — an encyclopedia," Nelson said, adding that in one of their presentations they used the tape were a Navajo man named Curley Mustache was interviewed. During the interview, Mustache talked about why they were in agreement with recording their oral history.
"He said they wanted to share their knowledge with further generation long after they were gone and that was a powerful statement."
Nelson, who is considering retirement after 41 years, said they didn't want to leave the job until this was completed.
"This would be awesome for my people, and it won't be lost. It will always be there ... long after I'm gone. If we had waited more years, we would not have been able to transfer the tapes because they are old. So I think we got this project at the right time. I see this collection as a way of strengthening our language," they said.
Nelson's office is in the process of selecting a vendor to transfer the data. The project involves three major tasks, they said. "The first part involves copying everything from reel-to-reel, complete with background noises, dogs barking, people laughing or talking, that's the master copy," they said.
"The second part is where they clean the audio, they delete all the sounds, like people washing dishes in the background, and if they are talking low, to amplify the audio. The last part is to convert them to MP3," they added.
Nelson said four companies have already submitted their bids.
___
Information from: Gallup Independent, http://www.gallupindependent.com
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for their seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A controversial plan for a waste transfer facility in Ballinasloe was raised in the Seanad this week.
Roscommon-Galway Senator, Maura Hopkins wants the legislation changed so waste facilities would be required to undergo Environmental Impact Assessment.
It follows a public campaign by the community in Ballinasloe town against the planned facility at Poolboy, which was granted planning permission last year.
Locals are concerned about road infrastructure in the area and potential health hazards.
Indepependent MEP Marian Harkin, meanwhile, is to investigate if EU regulations have been adhered to in relation to the planed waste facility.
Bringing the matter up in the Seanad, Senator Maura Hopkins said all waste facilities should undergo environmental impact assessments, regardless of their size.
Bruce Kimmel: Observations from the recent budget debate
Photo: / Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Bruce Kimmel, Norwalk Board of Education Bruce Kimmel, Norwalk Board of Education Photo: / Bruce Kimmel: Observations from the recent budget debate 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Now that Norwalk's 2018-19 operating budget is complete, it might be worthwhile to examine what happened to the Board of Education's budget request. Specifically, why was there a fair amount of miscommunication and confusion among officials and stakeholders involved in the process? A better understanding of this past budget cycle might pave the way for a smoother cycle next year.
First some facts: To continue funding its highly successful strategic operating plan, the BOE requested an increase of $9.9 million over current spending, plus a special appropriation of $1.2 million to fund the third year of the turnaround in special education. The Common Council and Board of Estimate and Taxation agreed to the special appropriation, but funded only about $7.8 million of the board's request. The board, in late June, will figure out how to make up the difference.
Interestingly, there was a consensus among just about everyone in the budget debate that Norwalk has been severely underfunded for years by the state's inequitable Education Cost Sharing Formula. Even though the formula has been changed in a way that will be helpful in the coming years — our funding level will increase by about $4.8 million over the next 10 years, assuming the formula is fully funded — the city will still not receive anything near what is needed to properly fund our schools.
Thus, the dilemma: Because the bulk of our educational dollars comes from local property taxes, how can we ever adequately fund our schools without imposing an untenable burden on property owners? Fortunately, the mayor has proposed the creation of a task force to address this critical question.
During the budget debate, many residents argued the city should dip into its fund balance to pay for the increase in the board's operating budget. This is a tricky issue because these types of reserves are generally not used to cover recurring operating expenses. Nonetheless, the city did end up using roughly $4 million of its reserves to fund the budget. This number includes the special appropriation for special education.
The board, however — and with good reasons — requested that the fund balance be drawn down even more but did not provide the city with a multi-year budget plan. Essentially, we were asking the city to fly blind, budget-wise; to make a difficult budget decision with no assurances regarding future budget requests. Going forward, the board needs to present carefully crafted multi-year plans. The rating agencies and financial consultants are more likely to approve variations in standard fiscal policy if a reasonable medium-term plan is in place.
I believe the Common Council made a mistake in February by adopting a spending limit that provided the BET with virtually no flexibility. The council's action, if allowed to stand, would have forced the BOE to cut a wide variety of programs and positions, as well as slow down implementation of the strategic plan. The BET subsequently asked the council to increase the spending limit by almost $1 million, with the money earmarked for education. This was a risky procedure because a two-third vote of the full council was required to adjust the limit. Fortunately, the votes were there.
Late in the budget cycle, a city official remarked that the contention around the budget was the result of “miscommunication.” I agree. But the problem was caused by the private negotiations among members of several city agencies who were not communicating with each other. It was frustrating to hear officials express diverging perspectives, or outright ignorance of pertinent facts, on the status of the budget discussions. Going forward, these types of private negotiations should not occur.
There is no more important issue in Norwalk than the quality of our schools. Yet the yearly budget debate between the BOE and other city agencies generally begins sometime in December. That is too late. Everyone seems to agree we've got to figure out a long-term solution to the dilemma mentioned above. But for most of the year, it seems as if the “city” and the BOE live in different fiscal worlds. It is even difficult to have a formal discussion between the Board and the “city” on combining departments with similar functions in order to generate savings.
We need to begin those discussions as soon as possible.
Bruce Kimmel is a member of the Norwalk Board of Education.
There's no sign of sibling rivalry among Kim Kardashian West, Khloé Kardashian and Kylie Jenner.
The sisters are all currently expecting — Kim will welcome their third child, a daughter, via surrogate, while Khloé and Kylie are both expecting their first child around the same time — and a source tells PEOPLE they're all prepping for their new additions.
“Khloé and Kylie are both starting to plan out their nurseries, and Kim and Kourtney are also involved in the process,” says the source. “All the sisters are super excited, and Kris has been helping as well.”
“Khloé is looking for a home with [boyfriend Tristan Thompson], and she's thrilled they've taken this next step together,” the source adds. “The whole family is being super supportive of each other.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Fans React To The News That Khloé, Kylie And Kim Are All Expecting
A source recently told PEOPLE that “there is no jealousy” in the family and “everyone is genuinely happy” about the baby boom.
“Kylie still wants to keep a low profile,” the source tells PEOPLE of Jenner, 20, who is expecting a baby girl with boyfriend Travis Scott.
“Even though this is a very exciting time for her, they want to be more private for now, and is doing their best to stay out of the public eye.”
FROM PEN: Former Bachelorette Ashley Hebert Rosenbaum Opens Up About Them Sibling Rivalry Fears
RELATED: Lamar Odom Wishes Ex-Wife Khloé Kardashian Well After Pregnancy News — “Still Got Love for Her”
Multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE in September that Jenner is expecting a daughter with rapper Scott, 25.
Just four days later, PEOPLE learned that Kardashian, 33, and Cleveland Cavaliers player Thompson, 26, are expecting their first child together.
“Khloé seems great,” a source told PEOPLE following the couple's first photographed outing since their baby news broke. “She seems very happy and relaxed. They also look good. They have been in Cleveland for a week and seems to enjoy being low-key.”
Today some Gulfport High School seniors in the Health Sciences department got the tools they need to help save lives.
Bill Snyder stopped by the hands-on CPR training class and shows us why keeping a musical beat can possibly keep a patient's heart beating.
SHANGHAI Japan's Honda Motor Co will launch an all-electric battery car in China next year as demand for plug-in electric vehicles (EVs) expands in the world's largest automobile market, a senior company executive said.
Yasuhide Mizuno, Honda's China chief, told reporters on the sidelines of the Shanghai auto show on Wednesday the automaker was "expediting" the development of the EV. They said they expect the car to arrive in showrooms before the end of next year.
Mizuno added that plug-in hybrid models would likely follow, but did not say when that car might hit the market in China.
Carmakers in China are scrambling to develop and sell so-called new energy vehicles (NEVs) in anticipation of tougher new rules expected to be implemented as early as next year.
Those rules will likely require companies to generate as much as eight percent of their China sales with plug-in cars, either fully-electric or plug-in hybrid vehicles.
(Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Stephen Coates)
• DRYiCETM COPA platform applies smart A.I–powered elements to the front, middle and back–end processes • DRYiCETM TAO offers specialized autonomics & orchestration assessment and strategy consulting services
End
-- HCL Technologies (HCL)continues to pioneer best–in–class A.I–powered solutions to transform entire IT services landscapes as well as business processes and application engineering processes. HCL has recently launched 'Cognitive Orchestrated Process Autonomics (COPA)' Platform for enterprise–wide process revamp and 'Transformation through Autonomics & Orchestration (TAO)', bringing top–end consulting services to enterprises, looking to rebuild their business and IT systems on the foundation of A.I.DRYiCECOPA platform applies smart A.I–powered elements to the front, middle and back–office processes, driving end–to–endautomation and orchestration of IT / Business Processes and creating a 'Unified Office'. DRYiCETAO is an Autonomics & Orchestration assessment and strategy consulting service, helping organizations chart out a detailed and descriptive pathway to an A.I–powered future.Speaking about the evolution of automation,stated, "To enable a truly digital experience, organizations have to connect the back, middle and front–office to achieve what HfS terms the OneOffice. To enable and accelerate this journey, the notion of orchestrating a diverse set of automation approaches is a critical enabler. By integrating a broad set of automation capabilities, COPA provides organizations with critical building blocks to enhance their automation assets.""The success that we have seen in bringing the impact of A.I. to our enterprise customers, since we launched DRYiCEtwo years ago, has allowed us to amass an incredible amount of invaluable real world experience about the practical aspects of A.I. applications", said"For enterprises looking to rebuild their systems on the foundation of A.I, we have introduced next–generation offerings and platforms, including a radical reimagining of the traditional role of robotic process automation through DRYiCECOPA and expert assessment and strategy consulting service DRYiCETAO."DRYiCECOPA platform brings together the best of Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Orchestration, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and the Natural Language Processing–enabled Cognitive Virtual Assistant – 'LUCY'. COPA automates entire IT or Business Process chains end–to–end in a seamless way, delivering a 'Unified Office' experience to end–users. It achieves this by integrating back–end RPA with front–end NLP and A.I for judgmental decision making, enabling accurate recognition of queries and offering real–time deliverables.DRYiCECOPA and DRYiCETAO are powered by a team of 200+ autonomics specialists, including professionals certified on cognitive platforms like WorkFusion Smart Process Automation. HCL DRYiCEAutonomics & Orchestration suite offers end–to–end and full stack Automation covering IT services, business services, digital operations and business processes.HCL Technologies (HCL) is a leading global IT services company that helps global enterprises re–imagine and transform their businesses through Digital technology transformation. HCL operates out of 32 countries and has consolidated revenues of US$ 7.2 billion, for 12 Months ended 30th June, 2017. HCL focuses on providing an integrated portfolio of services underlined by its Mode 1–2–3 growth strategy. Mode 1 encompasses the core services in the areas of Applications, Infrastructure, BPO and Engineering & R&D services, leveraging DRYiCEAutonomics to transform clients' business and IT landscape, making them 'lean' and 'agile'. Mode 2 focuses on experience–centric and outcome–oriented integrated offerings of Digital & Analytics, IoT WoRKS™, Cloud Native Services and Cybersecurity & GRC services to drive business outcomes and enable enterprise digitalization. Mode 3 focuses on internal IP creation as well as innovative IP–based partnerships to build products and platforms business.HCL leverages its global network of integrated co-innovation labs and global delivery capabilities to provide holistic multi–service delivery in key industry verticals including Financial Services, Manufacturing, Telecommunications, Media, Publishing, Entertainment, Retail & CPG, Life Sciences & Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Energy & Utilities, Travel, Transportation & Logistics and Government. With 117,781 professionals from diverse nationalities, HCL focuses on creating real value for customers by taking 'Relationships Beyond the Contract'. For more information, please visit www.hcltech.com
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's Chamber of Mines said on Friday that it was "seriously concerned" by the dismissal of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister at a time when South Africa's sovereign credit rating is at risk and investor confidence in the economy is at a very low ebb, it said in a statement.
× UW President recalls 1979 death of brother
SEATTLE — The violence in Charlottesville this past weekend struck a deeply personal and painful cord for the president of the University of Washington.
Ana Mari Cauce issued a statement Monday saying the weekend was difficult for all who believe in justice and equity. But the death of a young protester sparked memories of their own family's loss.
Cauce said: “The images of the Klan, Nazis and neo-Nazis brought me back to the horror of almost 40 years ago to another Saturday morning when people from these same groups murdered my own brother, Cesar, then 25.”
Cesar Cauce and four others were killed during a protest against the Ku Klux Klan and American Nazi Party in North Carolina in 1979, which became known as the Greensboro Massacre.
Ana Mari Cauce says we're at a time in our country's history when we must recommit to inclusion and equality.
PARAMUS, N.J. -- A 16-year-old Northern Highlands High School sophomore who tried to kill themselves was hospitalized in critical condition after jumping from the top level of a five-story parking deck Tuesday morning at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus, authorities said.
Police found them on the roadway next to the garage, Police Chief Kenneth Ehrenberg said.
"He had no pulse," the chief said.
Officer Keith Bland, Sgt. Michael Pollaro and Lt. Christine Udis immediately began CPR and used their Automatic External Defibrillator to treat the boy.
The officers were later assisted by paramedics and EMS as CPR continued for approximately 20 minutes, Ehrenberg said.
"The officers were able to regain a pulse and resuscitate the victim, who was critically injured from the fall," they said. "The victim was transported to Hackensack Medical Center where they are currently being treated and remains in critical condition.
"The victim's family was located and were transported to the medical center," the chief said, adding that police found two witnesses.
Police were looking for the boy after they didn't turn up for school. A Be on the Lookout was issued for their vehicle.
Anyone with additional information is asked to call the Paramus Police Department at (201) 262-3400.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
April 9 (Gracenote) - Result from the Davis Cup World Group Quarterfinal match between Australia and U.S. on Sunday Australia beat U.S. 3-2 On Sunday John Isner (U.S.) beat Sam Groth (Australia) 7-6(5) 6-3 Nick Kyrgios (Australia) beat Sam Querrey (U.S.) 7-6(4) 6-3 6-4 On Saturday Steve Johnson/Jack Sock (U.S.) beat Sam Groth/John Peers (Australia) 3-6 6-3 6-2 2-6 6-3 On Friday Nick Kyrgios (Australia) beat John Isner (U.S.) 7-5 7-6(5) 7-6(5) Jordan Thompson (Australia) beat Sam Querrey (U.S.) 6-3 3-6 7-6(4) 6-4
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
The absence of election-related spending hurts GMA Network's financial performance in the 1st half of 2017
Published 8:15 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – GMA Network Incorporated remains cautiously optimistic of hitting its 2017 target even if it capped the 2nd quarter of the year with a much lower net income of P710.3 million because of the absence of political advertisements.
This is compared to the P1.36 billion in net income after tax that it registered in the same period in 2016, an election year.
GMA targets to close 2017 with a net income of P3.9 billion.
"We will still try to accomplish our year-end financial target as we have entered the 2nd half of the year. We are very excited about our new programs, particularly on our primetime block, as well as other business opportunities that are expected to unfold within the year," GMA Network chairperson and chief executive officer Felipe Gozon said in a disclosure on Monday, August 14.
Due to the absence of election-related advertisements, GMA's net income after tax for the 1st half of 2017 was only P1.552 billion, a 35% decline year-on-year. (READ: Absence of political ads drags down ABS-CBN income in 1st half)
"The impact of last year's elections left a huge dent in this year's performance," GMA told the local bourse.
The Gozon-led broadcast giant said political advocacies and advertisements contributed P1.488 billion to its revenues during the 1st half of 2016.
Without the impact of election-related ads, GMA said its airtime revenue platforms including GMA-7, GMA News TV, Radio, and Regional posted modest revenue growth during the period.
Meanwhile, the network's international operations and other businesses, which were not affected by the election placements last year, reflected a 22% growth year-on-year.
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) decreased by 29% to P2.961 billion. – Rappler.com
Heidi Montag has asked former The Hills costar Jen Bunney to be godmother to their son Gunner Stone with husband Spencer Pratt.
“Cheers! I have one of Gunner's godmothers here, Jen Bunney,” Montag, 31, said in a video on their Instagram Story Thursday, which they captioned: “Celebrating @gunnerpratt with one of their godmother's @jennifer_nora737.”
“We're celebrating Gunner,” Bunney, 31, said, adding, “He's the best baby ever. We love them so much. ”
Montag and Pratt, who wed in November 2008, welcomed their first child on Oct. 1.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Before Gunner Stone's birth, Bunney attended the couple's baby shower along with Montag's sister Holly and mother Darlene as well as former Bachelorette Kaitlyn Bristowe.
Fans came to know Bunney in 2004 as Lauren Conrad‘s childhood friend who made cameos on MTV's Laguna Beach and The Hills, during which Bunney and Montag first filmed together in 2007.
In August 2014, Montag and Pratt attended Bunney's wedding to husband Taylor Dunphy at the Trump National Golf Club in Palos Verdes, Calif.
Orphaned bear cubs Seymour and River are staying at the Critter Care wildlife rehabilitation facility in Langley until they can be returned to the wild. Photo supplied
A video of two bear cubs splashing in a pool is generating a lot of positive feedback online after the Critter Care wildlife rehabilitation facility in Langley posted a clip of Seymour and River playing.
Thousands have viewed the online footage showing the pair having fun after they were recently moved into the large bear enclosure at the facility.
Critter Care Wildlife Society founder Gail Martin said the five- to six-month-old brother and sister were orphaned in May in North Vancouver.
“The mother was getting in trouble, getting into garbage,” Martin said.
Since they arrived, the cubs have gained weight and have begun to do playful “bear things” like the splashing and wrestling with each other, Martin said.
“They're doing really well,” Martin said.
Plans call for the siblings to be reintroduced back into the wild after the spring bear hunt next year, following their hibernation, which is expected to last from December to March.
Langley's Critter Care Wildlife Society will host its 19th annual open house next month
READ MORE: Critter Care annual open house set for July 21 and 22
The society, expects to see between 1,500 and 2,000 people come through the gate during the two-day open house, scheduled for July 21 and 22. The grounds will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. each day.
Admission is $5 for adults and free for children 12 and under. The price of admission includes the tour (the bear cubs will not be part of the tour).
In past years, the open house has raised close to $30,000 for the society over two days.
The money raised is used to buy medicine and specialized food, as well as vaccine for the raccoons.
READ MORE: Opossums deserve love too, says Critter Care founder
For 30 years, Critter Care Wildlife Society has specialized in the treatment, care and release of sick, injured and orphaned native mammal species in southern B.C. and the Lower Mainland.
The society cares for injured animals that are brought to them by citizens, including newborn animals that can require round-the-clock bottle feeding, going through more than 100 pounds of vegetables, fruits and meats a day.
It is the only facility in BC specializing in the care of mammals and one of only four bear rehabilitation facilities in the province.
READ MORE: Tiny bear cubs Romeo and Juliet saved from tragedy
In addition to rehabilitation the charity carries out community based education programs at primary, secondary, and collegiate levels.
Critter Care interns stay on site and come from around the world to gain experience with wildlife for training to become veterinarians or zookeepers in their own countries.
Critter Care is closed to the public except during the open houses.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff.
Investigators said it was not clear if they set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
Law enforcement officials said the suspect was speaking with investigators from the hospital bed where they were being treated for burns to their hands and abdomen. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah came to the U.S. from Bangladesh in 2011 on a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security said.
They had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the licence was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the explosion showed the need for immigration reform, including ending what's known as "chain migration" within families. Republican President Donald Trump's administration has called for a "merit-based" immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children.
"If that had been in place, that would have prevented this individual from coming to the United States," Sanders said.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighbourhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. The family's red, two-storey brick home is just off a shopping strip.
News of their arrest stunned Alan Butrico, who owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
"It's very weird," Butrico said. "You never know who your neighbours are."
The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
The Times Square subway station is the city's busiest, with 64 million riders passing through every year. The subway system as a whole carried over 1.7 billion people last year.
Monday's explosion triggered a massive emergency response both above and below ground, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal.
"This is one of my nightmares, right: a terrorist attack in the subway system," Cuomo later told cable channel NY1.
"The good news is: We were on top of it," they said, and "the reality was not as bad as the fear."
The Associated Press
BURNLEY, England Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho said they were prioritising the Europa League despite their team being able to jump above Manchester City into the fourth Champions League qualification spot with a win in Thursday's derby.
United's 2-0 win at Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday brings them within a point of fourth-placed City ahead of the derby clash at the Etihad Stadium.
But with the games coming thick and fast and injuries taking a toll on their team, Mourinho said they would rotate their squad again with an eye on the May 4 Europa League, semi-final, first-leg at Spanish club Celta Vigo.
Asked about the chance to overtake City with a win in the derby, the Portuguese said: "But if we beat Celta we go to the final.
"Yes it is important for us to play in the Champions League but this club wants trophies. We cannot give the club the Premier League. We have a 25 percent chance to win the Europa League and we have to put everything on it.
"I will rotate the players again, I will rest some players again
"At least in terms of expectation for the game, the emotions, it is better a derby with one point difference than with four," they said.
One player who could be missing on Thursday is French midfielder Paul Pogba who was replaced at the end of Sunday's game.
"Dead they are for sure," said Mourinho, "If they are injured or if it is just super accumulation of fatigue in the muscles I don't know. But if they cannot play Thursday, they cannot play Thursday. Another one plays and we don't cry," they said.
Having lost top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic to a serious knee injury in Thursday's Europa League win over Anderlecht, Mourinho was particularly pleased with the way Anthony Martial played in attack.
"(Martial) was very good, with the ball and without the ball in the middle of two strong central midfielders, without anyone in behind them because we had no number ten just behind him. They were quite distant from our midfielders, they were very good," they said.
The United manager also praised the performance of Eric Bailly at the centre of defence but repeated their call for injured defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling to speed up their recovery.
"(Bailly) was incredible. If I was Smalling or Jones, I would play Thursday. I wouldn't accept one guy to play nine matches in a row because I am injured. I would do a last push," they said.
Asked if that was a realistic expectation of the pair, Mourinho added: "If they have a crazy mentality like I have, they would (play); if they are safe thinking and they are surrounded by people with the same mentality as they have, it takes more time, it is more cautious.
"If it was me, nobody would stop me playing".
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)
The hope for committee members is that bicycles will be on the TRIBE Trail before the snow flies.
And really, it's more than a hope for folks like Rick Kramer, Megan Gleason and Brian Quirk. They know that it is imperative the work on Phase 1 of the trail is completed soon.
That's because some of the grant money the committee that wants to connect existing trails in Mikkelson Park and the west-side Industrial Park is contingent on a fall completion day.
“We will be fine,” Kramer said. “It's something everyone involved in understands. It will get done.”
Excavation work for the first part of the trail — which includes parts of the Mikkelson Park trail, the Boy Scout Campground and Garnant Park — has been done for some time.
But officials are waiting for Croell Redi-Mix to free up one of its “pavers” to pour the concrete for the phase that runs from the park to Logan Street.
For more of this article, see Tuesday's New Hampton Tribune.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: White House Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney speaks about of U.S. President Donald Trump's budget in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, U.S. on March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump's overview of the budget priorities for Fiscal Year 2018 are displayed at the U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) on its release by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in Washington, U.S. on March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney (R) listens as U.S. President Donald Trump meets with members of the Republican Study Committee at the White House in Washington, U.S. on March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) (R) speaks next to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) during a news conference on President Trump's first 100 days on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) speaks next to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) during a news conference on President Trump's first 100 days on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) (R) attends a news conference on President Trump's first 100 days on Capitol Hill, next to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) in Washington, U.S April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The Republican-led Congress averted a U.S. government shutdown on Friday and gave lawmakers another week to work out federal spending through Sept. 30, with tricky issues like defense spending still unresolved.
The Senate passed a stopgap spending bill by voice vote without opposition after the House earlier approved it by a tally of 382-30. President Donald Trump later signed the legislation, preventing a shutdown of many parts of the federal government on Saturday, their 100th day in office.
The bill provides federal funding through May 5, allowing lawmakers to hammer out legislation in the coming days to keep the government funded for the rest of the fiscal year ending Sept. 30.
Congress for months has been tied in knots trying to untangle $1 trillion in spending priorities. Lawmakers were supposed to have taken care of the current fiscal year appropriations bills by last Oct. 1.
Democrats backed the stopgap bill a day after House Republican leaders again put off a vote on major healthcare legislation sought by Trump and opposed by Democrats to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, after Republican moderates balked at provisions added to entice hard-line conservatives.
Republicans, already facing accusations from the opposition Democrats that they are unable to govern even though they control Congress and the White House, are motivated to avert the first government shutdown since 2013, but contentious matters remain on a spending bill covering the final five months of the fiscal year.
With Trump seeking $30 billion in new defense spending in the measure and Democrats arguing that other domestic programs also need more money, congressional negotiators are moving toward a compromise.
Republican and Democratic negotiators have discussed a possible $15 billion defense spending hike, half of Trump's request, according to two congressional aides familiar with the matter. It was unclear whether Democrats will continue to insist other domestic programs get a similar funding increase. Such equal treatment was at the core of some previous funding deals.
Unlike the simmering fights in Congress over healthcare and taxes, in which Republicans are pursuing purely partisan legislation, major spending bills generally need bipartisan support for passage, lending some optimism that the negotiations will end next week without a federal shutdown.
House and Senate appropriators were expected to work through this weekend, but there were no guarantees they would be able to find common ground that would prevent parts of the government from shutting down on May 6.
Congressional negotiators also have been struggling over funding to make a healthcare program for coal miners permanent and whether to plug a gap in Puerto Rico's Medicaid program, the government health insurance program for the poor.
'BIT MORE TIME'
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the stopgap bill, which kept funding at current levels, "will carry us through next week so that a bipartisan agreement can be reached." McConnell said they expected the House by the middle of next week to approve and send to the Senate the spending bill for the remaining five months of the fiscal year.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said there were still significant differences with Republicans over elements of the looming longer-term spending bill but "we're willing to extend things for a little bit more time" in hope more progress can be made.
The No. 2 House Democrat, Steny Hoyer of Maryland, said they would oppose any more temporary spending bills for this year.
During debate in the House, lawmakers expressed frustration at the inability of Congress to take care of the basic functions of government in a timely manner.
"We are seven months into the fiscal year," said Representative Nita Lowey of New York, the top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee. "Federal departments and agencies have been operating on outdated funding levels and policies for more than half of the year. This is unacceptable and it cannot continue."
Lowey noted that this was the third stopgap spending measure passed since the fiscal year began last October.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters aboard Air Force One the White House feels "very good" about getting the funding extension next week through the end of the fiscal year.
Trump earlier bowed to Democratic demands that the spending legislation for the rest of the fiscal year not include money to start building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border they said is needed to fight illegal immigration and stop drug smugglers.
The Trump administration also agreed to continue funding for a major component of Obamacare despite Republican vows to end the program.
(Reporting by Rick Cowan; Additional reporting by Steve Holland aboard Air Force One and Patricia Zengerle, Amanda Becker and Susan Cornwell in Washington; Writing by Will Dunham; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott)
What does Usher's song “Confessions” have in common with this Awkward Tuesday Phone Call….. REAL BIG CONFESSIONS!! One of your listeners says they need to tell their boyfriend, of three years, something that will be “the most difficult conversation of their life”. Listen to the podcast below to find out what this listener NEEDS to come clean about…
