DATABASE: 2010 SAT Scores
POLL Do you ever wait until the last minute to file your taxes? Yes
No Show results
This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes.
Got a news tip? We welcome readers' input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more)
Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more)
In J.R.R. Tolkien's “Lord of the Rings,” the fate of many realms threatened by the dark lord Sauron rested on their able defense by the bravest of men and elves.
In “Two Towers” as interpreted by director Peter Jackson, it was the return of the exiled Riddermark or Riders of the Mark under the direction of Gandalf and their chief marshal Eomer that turned the tide of the Battle of Helm's Deep in favor of the besieged people of Rohan.
The horse riders were the finest among the Rohirrim, whom Aragorn, future king of Gondor, described as proud and willful but “true-hearted, generous in thought and deed; bold but not cruel.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Before the Riddermark's return, a reinforcement of one company of elves led by Haldir, an elf of Lothlorien forest, gave heart to the soldiers of Rohan under King Theoden and helped them fight the Uruk-hai (orcs who were spawns of Saruman's interbreeding of orcs and men).
These elves, Silvan or Woodland Elves, had a reputation for being skilled combatants. In the book, it was Haldir who spoke these words to the Fellowship of the Ring: “The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”
Elsewhere in Middle-earth, the advance of the dark lord Sauron and their havoc-wreaking armies was foiled by the Rangers of the North led by Aragorn.
When they met Gandalf who became their close friend, the wizard asked Aragorn and their Rangers to guard the Shire and its hobbit inhabitants. The Rangers obliged. It was their nature to be protective. The mysterious Tom Bombadil described them as “sons of forgotten kings walking in loneliness, guarding from evil things folk that are heedless.”
When Sauron's troops were marching on Osgiliath, Faramir, the son of Gondor flight attendant Denethor, led a company of their men into battle even though they were outnumbered. When they had to retreat over the Pelennor fields, Faramir stayed with the rearguard to defend their diminished company and for this got hit by a poison-tipped arrow. They would have met a sorrier fate had not their uncle, Prince Imrahil and Gandalf with some men, given them cover.
I mourn with the loved ones left behind by our police officers and soldiers who were killed in the line of duty during anti-narcotics operations. A Rappler count shows that since July 1, 2016 to March this year, 36 cops and three soldiers had been killed, with 13 subject to validation. At the same time, 93 cops and eight soldiers were wounded in action, with 10 subject to validation.
I hope that justice may be served for the fallen and that our government and other concerned sectors may take measures to help their families cope with their loss. These men and women have gone beyond the call of duty. They prove that pure-hearted protectors willing to pay for our safety with their lives do not have to only exist in fantasy literature and film.
That said, the task of ennobling our police force, by President Rodrigo Duterte's own admission, is gargantuan. One cannot help but wonder why this has not been done to give the criminal aspect of the campaign against illegal narcotics a sparkling clean mantle of credibility.
In a speech in Davao City in the middle of August, the chief executive even went as far as dangling a P2-million reward to each police officer who kills a colleague who is into drugs. This would mean that part of justice for the police officers who perished may just be to jail cops who possibly killed them.
Earlier this year, towards the end of January, Duterte said that nearly 40 percent of the police force is engaged in illegal activities. This makes their continued war on drugs foolhardy. Where lies sense in waging a campaign against crooks by crooks?
In September, the National Police Commission ordered the dismissal of 386 police officers after they were found to have cheated during their entrance examinations in April 2011. If cheating occurred back then, which apparently went on under the nose of the previous dispensation, what about in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017? How many of our police officers sneaked into the police force? Should we be left to hope that those who joined by illicit means will turn out to be sterling law enforcers? No wonder at least 60 percent of Filipinos disbelieve police accounts of having killed drug suspects who allegedly fought back during operations.
Hard to see who will take the helm towards reforming our police force.
Perhaps not Duterte, who vowed to pardon police officers if they flouted the law in the conduct of their duties. Too late, and unlawful, anyway, their yakking about shooting scalawags in light of the apparent police slaughter of teenagers during anti-drug operations in August. Whose words and false bravado could have prompted such barbarity?
Perhaps neither Persida Acosta, the people's lawyer, nor our police chief. They end up crying when called to be accountable.
Real hope lies elsewhere. At last month's protest in Plaza Independencia, Cebu City, to commemorate Ferdinand Marcos' declaration of martial law 45 years ago, a police official stood for a photo with a martial law survivor and youth who carried a placard chiming police brutality. In a statement on Oct. 2, the Feast of the Holy Guardian Angels, Lingayen-Dagupan Archbishop Socrates Villegas cited cops who are ready to expose what they know of extrajudicial killings provided the church grants them sanctuary.
Perhaps there are more of these police officers's kind, those who, like Tolkien's Riddermark are “true-hearted, generous in thought and deed; bold but not cruel,” and like the author's Rangers, “keep from evil things folk that are heedless.”
In their frustration, Dike developed a heroin addiction that would tether them for the rest of their life. Ross experienced Dike's gradual decline firsthand: "It was tough for me, because they were my best friend, they were my partner, we built this thing together. We achieved this thing that we wanted to do, and we were doing it. And then, all of the sudden, it was over, as far as having their energy and their partnership with me."
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Fifteen kids from Hants County, N.S., had their final practice on Saturday before flying south to play a special game of baseball. As Steve Silva explains, it's not just about competing – it's also about making a difference.
REUTERS: Procter & Gamble Co's shares hit a two-year high at open on Wednesday after activist investor Nelson Peltz-led hedge fund disclosed a big stake in the consumer goods giant, raising hopes of more cost cuts or a possible breakup of the company.
Trian Fund Management LP disclosed on Tuesday a US$3.5 billion stake in P&G, the fund's largest ever position in a company.
P&G has been selling off unprofitable brands - including 41 beauty brands to Coty Inc - and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to revive sluggish sales.
However, the efforts have failed to boost its stock much beyond where it traded two years ago.
"While P&G has taken sensible steps to enhance shareholder value recently, the perceived value of a P&G break up is likely to re-emerge, and Mr. Peltz's presence may lead to greater/faster realization of cost-savings and/or raise the execution bar at P&G," Jefferies analyst Kevin Grundy wrote in a note.
Breaking up P&G might be the best option as larger breakups typically result in greater stock returns versus smaller divestitures, Bernstein Research analyst Ali Dibadj wrote in a note.
Cost and revenue benefits from "scale" have been elusive for P&G, they said.
However, some analysts were not convinced about the need for radical changes at P&G.
"We see Trian's P&G stake as late in the company's turnaround process," RBC Capital markets analyst Nik Modi wrote.
"We believe new CEO David Taylor is appropriately managing the business and addressing the three major buckets that Trian could address: portfolio alignment, cost and top line."
P&G's shares were up 3.7 percent at US$91.10. The stock was the biggest boost to the Dow Jones Index .
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Manchester: The Munich air disaster that destroyed the famed "Busby Babes" still resonates for present Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho 60 years after the tragedy they said on Friday.
The crash killed eight of the United team and three backroom staff — 23 people in all died — who had won successive league titles and left manager Matt Busby so badly injured they were given the last rites twice.
However, they survived and rebuilt the side leading it 10 years on with an epic European Cup victory.
Though the 60th anniversary of the crash — United were returning via Munich from Belgrade after seeing off Red Star Belgrade to reach the European Cup semi-finals — falls on Tuesday a minute's silence will be held ahead of Saturday's home Premier League match against Huddersfield.
"This is something that is part of my life, or part of my football culture before I become Manchester United manager and why?" said Mourinho, who sported a Munich pin badge on their eve of match press conference.
"Because it was such a tragedy that it stayed over these last 60 years."
Mourinho said the way the club had reacted to such a huge loss and rebuilt the side illustrated what was so special about United.
"So as Manchester United manager, obviously it means much more but I think it belongs to every sportsman as one of the biggest tragedies and at the same time is a crucial point in Man United history," said Mourinho.
"The reaction, the strength, the union after that situation and I think tomorrow is an amazing day to show the respect, to show the passion for the club, respect for them, the families and I think is a day to play well."
The club is also holding a commemorative service at Old Trafford on Tuesday — just two of the players who survived are still alive Bobby Charlton and Harry Gregg — while around 2,000 fans are expected to travel to Munich itself.
Lady Eagles take two from Crestline
Eagles' coach Chuck Huggins earns win No. 600
CRESTLINE — On Saturday, Colonel Crawford swept a doubleheader with Crestline to improve to 9-1. Crestline drops to 8-4.
Chuck Huggins, long-time head coach for Colonel Crawford earned their 600th career coaching victory, all at the Eagles' helm.
In game one, the Lady Eagles won 12-2. Sydney Studer picked up another win for Crawford while striking out six batters and walking three. Sarah Toy took the loss for the Crestline, striking out five and walking three.
The Eagles had 12 hits vs Crestline's six and both teams committed two errors.
Studer had a pair of singles and a double and Alexis Burkhart had a single, a double and a triple. Abbie Bradshaw had a double and a singlend Kerri Reynolds recorded a pair of singles. Lydia Strouse belted a double.
Lydia Tadda was the only Lady Bulldogs hitter with two or more hits, knocking a couple singles.
Crawford won a slugfest in Game 2, 17-12.
Karli Kurtzman earned the win and Studer the save for Crawford. Tadda suffered the loss for Crestline.
Studer stayed on fire at the plate, belting a home run and three doublesin the second game. Hailey Ratliff had three singles, Strouse had two singles and a double, Caitlin Koschnick had a single and a double and Kurtzman helped their cause with two singles.
Madison Huber finished with a single, double and triple for Crestline. Lauryn Tadda recorded three hits and Michaela Jeffrey had a pair of singles in the Bulldogs' efforts.
Eagles, Bulldogs split baseball doubleheader
CRESTLINE — In the first game of the double-dip, Crestline beat the Eagles 11-10.
Kaden Ronk delivered a game-winning single in the bottom of the seventh inning. Ronk finished with two hits. Chandler Gaskill had a four-hit game for the Bulldogs and Ty Clark recorded three singles and Kevin Winkler's only hit was a double.
Crawford had multi-hit games from Blake Treisch and Jake Johnson. Johnson and Noah Thoman both knocked doubles for the Eagles
JR Wolfe earned the victory, while Nick Gremling took the loss.
Colonel Crawford bounced back in Game 2, dominating Crestline 17-0.
Spencer Mutchler pitched theirs was to the victory and Logan Ronk took the loss.
Noah Thoman would have a three-hit day at the plate, all singles. Kaden Schell had two triples on the day. Mutchler had a single and a double and Gavin Feichtner had two singles.
Colonel Crawford improved to 4-7. Crestline is 7-4.
The Eagles squads will host the baseball and softball squads from Bucyrus on Monday April 17. On Tuesday and Wednesday, Crawford will take to the road to continue N-10 place against Carey and then Bucyrus, respectively.
Crestline will play at home on Tuesday April 18 in non-league action against the Seneca East Tigers. On Thursday April 20, they will welcome conference foe, the Lucas Cubs, to town.
Don Tudor | Galion Inquirer Colonel Crawford softball coach Chuck Huggins eyes the action during an April 4 game at the softball field named in their honor. Huggins picked up their 600th career victory on Saturday. http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_chuck-Huggins-April-5-2017-1.jpgDon Tudor | Galion Inquirer Colonel Crawford softball coach Chuck Huggins eyes the action during an April 4 game at the softball field named in their honor. Huggins picked up their 600th career victory on Saturday.
Eagles' coach Chuck Huggins earns win No. 600
By Chad Clinger [email protected]
MOSCOW: A meeting is planned between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the sidelines of a gathering of G20 foreign ministers in Germany, Russian Foreign Ministry's spokesperson said on Wednesday.
It will be the first time Lavrov meets their newly appointed counterpart and comes as U.S.-Russia relations are under particular scrutiny following the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, who pledged to improve ties with the Kremlin.
"A meeting is planned and being worked out," Russian Foreign Ministry's spokesperson Maria Zakharova told journalists in a briefing.
Prospects for better relations with Washington have suffered setbacks since Trump's inauguration including the resignation on Monday of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of softer U.S. policy on Russia.
Zakharova did not say what Lavrov and Tillerson planned to address in their meeting, but earlier comments from the foreign ministry suggested Syria would be a topic of discussion.
(Reporting by Alessandra Prentice; editing by Maria Kiselyova)
Well, that depends on the highly vague outlook for key commodities such as copper, zinc and nickel. The good news is that 2017 was a great year for miners of these metals and minerals as industry-wide under-investment in mines…
At its current valuation, miner and commodities trader Glencore (LSE: GLEN) changes hands at only 10.8 times consensus forward earnings, which is far below the FTSE 100's average valuation and comes with a hearty 3.75% dividend yield. But is this valuation just right or should yield-hungry investors snap up this opportunity to grab a growing, high-yield stock at a great price?
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
At its current valuation, miner and commodities trader Glencore (LSE: GLEN) changes hands at only 10.8 times consensus forward earnings, which is far below the FTSE 100's average valuation and comes with a hearty 3.75% dividend yield. But is this valuation just right or should yield-hungry investors snap up this opportunity to grab a growing, high-yield stock at a great price?
Well, that depends on the highly vague outlook for key commodities such as copper, zinc and nickel. The good news is that 2017 was a great year for miners of these metals and minerals as industry-wide under-investment in mines following the commodity crisis exacerbated already tight supply-demand relationships. And with global economic growth looking strong going into 2018, demand and prices for these products should only go one way – up.
Furthermore, unlike only two years ago when Glencore was having to sell assets to shore up its balance sheet, the group is now in rude health. EBITDA last year jumped 44% to $14.7bn, which helped bring net debt down to a very manageable $10.6bn. Its improved balance sheet and rising cash flow gave management the ability to increase annual dividend payments to $2.9bn and also plough $1.6bn into output expansion of key products such as cobalt and copper.
However, while Glencore is in very good shape, it can't escape the highly cyclical and rapidly-changeable nature of its industry. Given its dependence on continued strong economic growth in markets such as China, where anything can happen, and quickly, I think Glencore's current valuation is reasonable. That means it's no bargain in my eyes, which it would need to be for me to invest in the miner at this stage of the economic cycle.
Time for contrarians to become greedy?
A deeper value natural resources option could be oil services provider Petrofac (LSE: PFC). The company's stock has been battered over the past year due to oil & gas majors keeping capital investment budgets low, despite recent rises in oil prices as well as the news that Petrofac is under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office for potential bribery in relation to contract wins.
But now the dust is beginning to settle on this investigation as founder and CEO Ayman Asfari is back in their role. And they recently sank £10m of their own money into the company's stock that takes their holding up to 18.79% of the total shares outstanding. This certainly suggests to me that insiders don't lack for confidence in both the results of the SFO investigation and the group's ability to continue successfully bidding on contracts.
This could make Petrofac an intriguing option, trading as it is at just 10.3 times consensus forward earnings. With this low valuation, shareholders also get a 4.5% dividend yield, a great competitive position in the group's core market with Middle Eastern national oil companies, and consistent pre-impairment profits despite the downturn in oil prices.
That said, there is still reason to worry. The SFO could still come down hard on Petrofac and the recent admission in a capital markets day that competition in its core market is heating up does not bode well for the future. Petrofac is certainly looking cheap to me, but with these twin pressures hanging over its head, I won't be buying its shares any time soon.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring six people before they were captured, in what police said was a racially motivated attack.
ROME: An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring six people before they were captured, in what police said was a racially motivated attack.
The shootings happened just days after a Nigerian migrant was arrested in connection with the death of an 18-year-old Italian woman, whose dismembered body was discovered stuffed into two suitcases near Macerata.
Police named the suspected shooter as Luca Traini, 28, and said they had an Italian flag draped over their shoulders when they were seized in the street by armed police. Onlookers said they made a fascist salute before being handcuffed.
"He drove around in their car and when they saw any black people they shot them," Marcello Mancini, a Macerata resident, told Reuters television. Police said one of the six victims was seriously hurt and needed surgery, but gave no further details.
Traini also fired shots at the offices of the ruling centre-left Democratic Party (PD) in Macerata, but did not injure anyone there. The PD said they had stood as a candidate for the rightist Northern League at local elections last year but had not received any votes.
The League backs fiercely anti-immigrant policies and is part of ex-prime Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right alliance that is leading in the polls ahead of a March 4 national election.
Advertisement
Advertisement
League leader Matteo Salvini distanced themselves from the shooting, but blamed mass immigration for the tensions.
"I can't wait to get into government to restore security, social justice and serenity to Italy," they told reporters.
PD leader Matteo Renzi called for calm.
"The man who fired the gun, hitting six people of colour, is a squalid, mad person. But the state is stronger than him," they wrote on Facebook.
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would come down heavily on anyone promoting violence.
"We will stop this risk. We will stop it immediately. We will stop it together," they said. "Hatred and violence will not be able to divide us."
DENIED ASYLUM
Police said the shooter drove around Macerata, which is famed for its outdoor opera festivals, in a black Alfa Romeo car firing out of their window at migrants in various locations.
With police closing in, they left their car in the city centre but was almost immediately stopped. Local media said they shouted, "Long live Italy," as they were taken away.
Tensions in Macerata had risen this week following the gruesome discovery of Pamela Mastropietro's body. The teenager had run away from a drug rehabilitation centre on Monday and met a Nigerian asylum seeker, Innocent Oseghale, the next day.
Them body was found on Wednesday and a preliminary postmortem could not immediately identify the cause of death.
Witnesses said they had earlier seen Oseghale with the suitcases in which the body was found. They refused to talk to the police after their arrest. Newspapers said they were denied asylum last year but had remained in Macerata to appeal against the decision.
"What was this worm still doing in Italy?" Northern League leader Salvini wrote on Facebook at mid-week, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility for Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
"The left has blood on its hands," they wrote.
More than 600,000 mainly African migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years, and thousands have perished on the journey. The centre-right bloc, which includes the League, says the vast majority have no right to asylum and has promised mass expulsions if it takes power.
Leftist parties have ruled out any such deportations.
"What happened today in Macerata shows that inciting hatred and whitewashing fascism, as Salvini does, has consequences. It can spark violence," said Laura Boldrini, a leftist politician and the speaker of the lower house of parliament.
(Reporting by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Mark Heinrich, Alexander Smith and Peter Graff)
(Bloomberg)—Life Storage Inc. has reached an agreement with activist investor Jonathan Litt that could make the storage-facilities owner a takeover target as rents in the business come under pressure.
The company said in a statement that its co-founders had informed the board of their plans to retire after this year's annual general meeting. Life Storage's chief executive officer, David Rogers, will join the board, along with Dana Hamilton, head of real estate at Pretium Partners LLC, and Edward Pettinella, former CEO of Home Properties Inc.
Shares of Life Storage were down 1.1 percent in New York as of 3 p.m., at $80.87 apiece.
The changes were more likely made to improve the board than to put the Buffalo, New York, company in play, said George Hoglund, a New York-based analyst with Jefferies. Still, they noted that the company has been underperforming its peers and may need to consider alternatives if it can't right the ship.
Go Time
It's “time for these guys to put up or shut up,” Hoglund said in an interview. “If they don't start getting better numbers by midyear, the board may be forced to do some sort of strategic review.”
Self-storage REITs surged coming out of the recession as a wave of foreclosures created new customers for storage units and a pause in construction limited supply and let landlords increase rents. The U.S. self-storage industry today takes in annual revenue of $38 billion, according to SpareFoot. Now that builders are catching up with demand, though, landlords are having a harder time raising rates.
Litt's Land & Buildings Investment Management LLC, which owns a stake of about 1.8 percent in Life Storage, believes the company is both underperforming and undervalued, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Life Storage could be an attractive takeover target for some of its larger rivals, such as Public Storage and Extra Space Storage Inc., the people said, asking not to be identified because the discussions aren't public.
“The changes to the board increase independence and remove what we previously viewed to be a potential impediment to a transaction,” said Todd Thomas, an analyst with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
The retiring co-founders are Robert Attea and Kenneth Myszka. There will be eight people on the board after the changes.
Representatives of Life Storage and Land & Buildings declined to comment.
Pricing Power
Hamilton and Pettinella, the two joining the board, have been involved in some big deals. Hamilton was appointed to the board of FelCor Lodging Trust Inc. as part of a pact with Land & Buildings in April 2016; the real estate investment trust agreed to be acquired by RLJ Lodging Trust the following year. Pettinella was leading Home Properties when it was acquired in 2015.
They face a challenge in improving Life Storage's performance. Across the industry, the amount that new customers paid to rent a space in the U.S. increased 1.5 percent in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, according to data from Green Street Advisors LLC. That compares with 1.4 percent in the same period of 2016 and 7.1 percent in the last three months of 2015, when supply was tighter.
Developers of self-storage facilities continue to be bullish. Builders spent just under $4 billion erecting new facilities last year, double what they spent in 2016, according to census data.
Life Storage owned or managed more than 700 storage facilities as of the end of last year, including properties that had previously operated under the Uncle Bob's Self Storage brand.
To contact the reporters on this story: Scott Deveau in New York at [email protected] ;Patrick Clark in New York at [email protected] To contact the editors responsible for this story: Elizabeth Fournier at [email protected]; Daniel Taub at [email protected] Peter Jeffrey
COPYRIGHT
© 2018 Bloomberg L.P
If latest reports are to believed, Congress has managed to retain its position in Bengaluru's Rajarajeshwari Nagar with its candidate Munirathna Naidu taking a commanding lead over Muniraju Gowda, the BJP candidate, in the bypoll.
As per News18, Gowda has left the counting centre in Rajarajeshwari Nagar as their Congress rival Munirathna leads by over 45,000 votes. Gowda's supporters have conceded defeat but there is no word yet from the BJP leader, the report said.
Contractor-turned-politico Munirathna had their task cut out ahead of the bypoll, going by the indications emerging from the Vokkaliga dominated RR Nagar constituency. They had to overcome the uphill task of contesting against two Vokkaliga candidates in GH Ramachandra of the JD(S) and BJP's Gowda.
According to a report in Deccan Chronicle, their image had taken a serious beating after they had allegedly manhandled three women BBMP corporators a few years ago, with the incident coming back to haunt them during the bypoll. The three corporators, two of the JD(S) and one of the Congress, were all Vokkaligas.
There were even reports that the powerful Adichunchanagiri Math, as well as the Vokkaligara Sangha, were determined to see them defeated, the report added. But, the INC leader seems to have beat the odds to clinch the seat by a comfortable margin.
Munirathna, the incumbent first-time MLA from the Indian National Congress (INC), began their political career as a municipal corporator from Yeshwanthpur and was previously a private contractor.  They are also a well-known Kannada film producer.
They were named in the Lokayukta Report in 2010 as responsible for the death of Sanjana Singh, a 17-year-old student, who died when the wall of Government Veterinary Hospital collapsed on them Munirathna was the BBMP contractor who had built the structure.
Their affidavit to the Election Commission in 2013 makes no mention of any cases against him. Muniratna was recently named in the fake bill scam in the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP). The Criminal Investigation Department (CID), which is probing the Rs 1,500-crore scam, named the MLA as accused in its chargesheet filed on 23 February, sources in the agency confirmed.
Reports suggest that the low voter turnout, 54 percent, worked in the favour of Munirathna, with the upper and middle-class Vokkaligas –who were vocal against them – not turning up at the polling booths.
Fourteen candidates were in the fray in Rajarajeshwari Nagar polls, including the incumbent MLA in the dissolved Assembly. A little over half of the 4.71 lakh voters in the constituency had voted on 28 May.
While Assembly elections across the state were held on 12 May, polling in Rajarajeshwari Nagar was conducted on 28 May, as the Election Commission had deferred polling there following the voter ID controversy and various other irregularities.
According to a DNA report, Munirathna was also named in an FIR in the Karnataka voter id scandal. Nearly 10,000 "fake" voter IDs were recovered from a flat in a constituency in Karnataka, setting off a major row erupted over electoral malpractices, ahead of the 12 May elections.
With inputs from agencies.
Follow LIVE updates on the Byelection results
PARIS: JP Morgan equity strategists on Tuesday said they still expected independent centrist Emmanuel Macron to win the French presidential election, even though they noted the race had tightened after a rise in polls for far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon.
JP Morgan shared the view of other top investment banks by stating that the key negative risk for financial markets was the possibility Melenchon could face far-right, National Front leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 decisive, second-round vote.
"Should Melenchon and Le Pen both enter the second round, euro zone equities would likely pull back sharply," JP Morgan's team wrote in a note.
"While the likelihood of this outcome has risen, we still believe the base-case scenario should be the second round contest between Macron and Le Pen, with Macron ultimately prevailing," they added.
"If that comes to pass, then the significant outflows from the region over the past year, which we estimate amount to 10-15 percent of assets under management, would likely be reversed," JP Morgan also said.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Mathieu Rosemain)
Unidentified gunmen attacked the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping force in the northern Mali city of Timbuktu on Monday, killing seven people and injuring seven others in what the mission's chief called a "terrorist" attack.Earlier Monday, gunmen attacked two neighboring U.N. camps in Douentza in the Mopti region of central Mali, killing a Malian soldier and a U.N. peacekeeper and lightly wounding another peacekeeper. The head of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali, Mahamat Saleh Annadif, also called that incident a terrorist attack.The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali is the deadliest of the U.N.'s 16 global peacekeeping operations, and the death of the soldier in Douentza brought the number of U.N. peacekeepers killed in attacks this year to nine, according to the U.N. peacekeeping department. This was also one of the worst losses of mission employees.U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned the attack and stressed that attacks targeting U.N. peacekeepers "may constitute war crimes under international law," U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said. Guterres commends "the important efforts" that Mali and four neighboring countries are making to combat terrorism and violent extremism and promote peace in the region, Haq added.In the Timbuktu attack, the mission said five Malian security guards and a Malian contractor working for the mission were killed along with a member of the Malian gendarmerie. It said six U.N. peacekeepers were wounded, two seriously, along with one Malian security guard.The mission, known as MINUSMA, said it dispatched a quick reaction force and attack helicopters to secure the Timbuktu headquarters. It said U.N. troops killed six assailants.In Douentza, MINUSMA said a group of attackers fired on a U.N. camp from an adjacent hill and Malian troops returned fire. Another armed group shot at peacekeepers in a neighboring camp who also returned fire, the mission said. The U.N. mission said two attackers were killed in the exchanges.The U.N. is looking into whether there was any connection between the two attacks.Annadif, the MINUSMA commander, called for those responsible for "these terrorist acts" to be brought to justice.
NEW YORK: An explosion rocked New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs, on Monday morning and police said one suspect was injured and in custody, with three other injuries reported.
Police were not yet identifying the device used. Local television channel WABC cited police sources as saying a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground and WPIX cited sources as saying a man with a “possible second device” has been detained in the subway tunnel.
The fire department tweeted there were four injuries, all non-life threatening. One of the injured was a Port Authority police officer.
The bus terminal was temporarily closed, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a Twitter statement.
A large swathe of midtown Manhattan was closed to traffic, between 45th Street to 40th Street and 7th Avenue to 9th Avenue, police said. Subway trains were bypassing the Times Square station, the city's busiest.
“There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and President Donald Trump have been briefed on the incident. New York governor Andrew Cuomo was on the scene.
WABC reported the suspect was in their 20s and was from Bangladesh, and that they have been in the United States for seven years and has an address in New York's Brooklyn.
First reports of the incident began soon after 7 a.m. (1200 GMT), at the start of the city's rush hour. New York in December sees a surge of visitors who come to see elaborate store displays, the Rockefeller Centre Christmas tree and Broadway shows.
News of the incident jarred financial markets as trading was getting underway for the week. Standard & Poor's 500 index emini futures pared gains, the dollar weakened against the yen and U.S. Treasury securities prices gained on a modest flight-to-safety bid.
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when they set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
(Reporting By Nick Zieminski and Simon Webb in New York, additional reporting by Bernie Woodall and Makini Brice; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON: U.S. Marine Corps General and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Joseph Dunford will meet with the head of the Russian army's General Staff Valery Gerasimov on Thursday in Azerbaijan, Dunford's office said in a statement on Wednesday.
"The military leaders will discuss a variety of issues including the current state of U.S.-Russian military relations and the importance of consistent and clear military-to-military communication to prevent miscalculation and potential crises," the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Writing by Susan Heavey)
Exxon Mobil Corp shareholders rejected a proposal on Wednesday at their annual meeting that would have split the roles of chairperson and chief executive.
DALLAS: Exxon Mobil Corp shareholders rejected a proposal on Wednesday at their annual meeting that would have split the roles of chairperson and chief executive.
Shareholders also rejected a proposal that would have forced the world's largest publicly traded oil producer to provide greater disclosure on its lobbying expenditures. Shareholders did approve the full slate of 10 nominees to the company's board of directors at their Dallas meeting.
Advertisement
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder)
South African startup ProximityID was conceptualised on a balcony in Sandton, Johannesburg in December 2014, with the goal of eliminating the need for larger and larger wallets.
Co-founders Wayne Gluckmann and Dov Halpern were frustrated by the continued need for larger wallets arising from the increasing number of cards in the market.
“We came to the realisation that since we lived in such an advanced era this was unnecessary, and alternative means of consumer engagement and identification could be used through existing and new technologies giving greater insight into consumers, staff and assets,” Gluckman told Disrupt Africa.
Their solution was ProximityID, which brings a digital intelligence experience to real world surroundings, connecting locations and brands with information about their users. By placing Proximity receivers and beacons throughout any physical location, the startup identifies people and places while providing unique insights into trends.
“Our services extend from staff and asset monitoring, mall and customer analytics, all the way to indoor navigation for public facilities to assist all types of users as well as to empower the visually impaired,” Gluckman said.
“We are seeing an increase in companies starting to use their own infrastructure to gather additional insights into their environments. Whilst Proximity is able to provide its own infrastructure we are also able to partner with third parties, who have existing infrastructure, in order to gather this micro-location information, and Proximity is able to facilitate the aggregation of these additional data sources and generate unparalleled solutions to our business partners, giving them detailed insights and exception reports.”
The company was funded at the prototype phase by Synthesis Software Technologies, and raised funding from Tritech Media in 2016 to grow the business into new customer and market segments.
Gluckman said at first uptake was slow.
“This was a result of the technology being “new” and “untested”. We convinced our first few sites through the successful implementation of Proof of Concepts, and our growth has largely been a result of word of mouth – which has resulted in a dramatic increase in uptake in recent months,” they said.
ProximityID is currently focusing on South Africa, in order to hone its skills, technology and analytics for multiple market segments and make everything replicable and robust enough to implement into new markets.
Gluckman said it had immediate plans for international expansion, with the startup targeting one or two African markets, primarily in the retail precinct sector, with some of its South African business partners. It also has intentions of launching in one sector in the United States (US).
“ProximityID makes money through our Platform as a Service (PaaS), and our revenues are generated based on the solutions and amounts of information required by our various customers,” said Gluckman.
Sufficient Brightness-Its brightness is up to 10150 lumens with over 100 lm/w luminous efficiency, fully meets your lighting needs. -No shadow, dizzy light, providing you excellent bright light.
Energy Efficient-More energy efficient than old halogen lamp, great replacement for 250W HPSL (high pressure sodium lamp), saving over 60% on your electricity bill.
Wide Beam Angle -120° beam angle, providing you with wide illumination range.
Usage Recommendation-General lighting: illumination area is 60-100 sq. m. with about 75-150 lux when installation height is 5-7 meters. -Outdoor light: illumination area is 120-150 sq. m. with about 50-75 lux when installation height is 8-10 meters.
Durable-With fully aluminum alloy Die-casting case, this floodlight has excellent heat dissipation, which effectively prolongs its lifespan. -By adopting tempered glass, the panel is much more durable.
.....
KUALA LUMPUR: The leak of personal data involving 46.2 million mobile phone subscribers reported on Oct 18 this year occurred in 2014 and did not involve the latest data, said Deputy Minister of Telecommunications and Multimedia, Datuk Seri Jailani Johari.
They said investigations were conducted by the Royal Malaysia Police (PDRM), the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC), and the Personal Data Protection Department under Section 4 of the Computer Crimes Act 1997 (Act 563) and Section 130 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (Act 709).
“It is still too early to identify the mastermind behind the incident. The police have called several witnesses who have been identified to give their statements.
“Among the witnesses who were called were the administrator of the websites lowyat.net and jobstreet.my, the telecommunications companies, the Malaysian Medical Association, and other individuals who can help in the investigation,” they said during the question-and-answer session at a parliament sitting on Tuesday.
They were responding to a question from Senator S Chandra Mohan who wanted to know the outcome of the investigations into the leakage of the personal data of 46.2 million mobile phone users recently.
Jailani said MCMC had also contacted each of the telecommunications companies and instructed that they check every system transaction to ensure that there was no hacking or leakage of data.
Advertisement
BUCHAREST: Romania's ruling left-wing party withdrew its support for Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday (Jun 14), a move likely to bring down their government, which has only been in power since January.
It is the second major crisis to rock the government since it won a thumping poll victory in December, barely a year after being forced from office over a deadly nightclub blaze.
"A prime minister is only legitimate as long as they have the support of the parties that voted for him. We have withdrawn that support," Liviu Dragnea, the leader of the Social Democrats (PSD), said after cabinet ministers resigned en masse on Wednesday evening.
Grindeanu however refused to step down, saying they would only quit once centre-right President Klaus Iohannis had appointed their successor from the PSD.
"I will not resign, I am a responsible person," the 43-year-old told journalists in Bucharest. Their statement appeared to contradict Dragnea, who said the premier had agreed to leave.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The PSD, holder of a parliamentary majority with the small ALDE party, accused Grindeanu of failing to implement economic reforms in the European Union's second-poorest country after Bulgaria.
But some observers say the move is the result of a fallout between the prime minister and Dragnea.
The powerful party boss, 54, was barred from running for premier because of a voter fraud conviction and is currently on trial for alleged abuse of power, a charge they deny.
The surprise development comes after mass protests forced the PSD to scrap a controversial decree aimed at watering down anti-corruption laws in February.
INTERNAL DISPUTE
Analysts say the internal disagreement may have been linked to the failed proposal, which could have allowed Dragnea to run despite their conviction.
"Liviu Dragnea only wants one thing - amendments to the anti-corruption laws" that currently prevent them from becoming premier, according to former PSD member Alin Teodorescu.
The government had already got off to a rocky start when President Iohannis rejected the PSD's first prime ministerial candidate, who would have been the country's first female and Muslim head of government.
The crisis eventually ended with Grindeanu's nomination in January. Dragnea has made no secret of the fact they had chosen a candidate close to him.
Grindeanu, a former communications minister, was seen as a "disciplined soldier" within the PSD ranks, having joined the party at a very young.
"I wanted a man I could trust, a man who wouldn't use their government position as a springboard," Dragnea said after Grindeau's appointment.
The PSD quit following angry protests in 2015 over a nightclub fire in Bucharest that killed 64 people. The inferno was blamed on corrupt officials turning a blind eye to fire rules.
A decade after joining the European Union, the nation of 20 million inhabitants remains mired in poverty.
Nonetheless, the former communist state logged first-quarter economic growth of 5.7 per cent, according to data released last month - the fastest rate in the EU.
For those of us of a certain age, these are days with distinct echoes of times past. And if that doesn't simultaneously both worry you, and excite you with a sense of opportunity, then you haven't been paying attention. On 30 April, when J. Sainsbury (LSE: SBRY) announced its tie-up with rival Asda, almost a dozen other giant mergers were announced on the other side of the Atlantic, taking the day's total takeover activity to $120bn. All told, this year's takeover frenzy amounts to $1.7 trillion, according to the Financial Times. And for another interesting data point, consider…
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
For those of us of a certain age, these are days with distinct echoes of times past. And if that doesn't simultaneously both worry you, and excite you with a sense of opportunity, then you haven't been paying attention.
On 30 April, when J. Sainsbury (LSE: SBRY) announced its tie-up with rival Asda, almost a dozen other giant mergers were announced on the other side of the Atlantic, taking the day's total takeover activity to $120bn. All told, this year's takeover frenzy amounts to $1.7 trillion, according to the Financial Times.
And for another interesting data point, consider the dizzy rise of investment trust Scottish Mortgage (LSE: SMT), where the share price reached an all-time peak at the same time. The explanation isn't difficult to find. Just look at the trust's largest holdings: Amazon, Tesla, Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent, and so on.
Put another way, we've been here before.
What goes up…
As my colleague Owain Bennallack pointed out the other day, the UK has now chalked up the third-longest period of expansion since the end of the Second World War. The dark days of the financial crisis are almost a decade ago so, at some point, that expansion will come to an end.
Over in the US, the yield curve looks to be close to inverting, pointing to long-term interest rates being lower than short-term rates. This doesn't happen often, and it doesn't always herald a recession. But every United States recession since 1955 has been preceded by a yield curve inversion.
And what Owain could also have added was that American markets, and to some extent London as well, are seeing high levels of volatility. Take the wild oscillations in Wall Street's VIX ‘fear index' in February, for instance.
Technology and ‘new economy' stocks at record highs, yield curves inverting, mega-mergers (anyone remember the $165bn AOL-Time Warner tie-up?), market volatility, and a long-overdue contraction: does this sound like the final weeks of 1999, and the end of the dotcom boom?
… can also go down
On 30 December 1999, the FTSE 100 hit an intraday of high 6,951 before closing at 6,930. We didn't know it at the time, but that was the start of the dotcom crash.
Markets sank, and sank again, until the FTSE bottomed out at 3,287 on 12 March 2003.
And when the carnage stopped, a lot of big names had gone under, and a lot of share prices and market valuations had cratered. Time Warner's merger with AOL, for instance, had seen a $99bn write-off, and been scathingly summed-up as ‘the worst corporate mistake in history'.
Fortunes were lost. It wasn't pretty.
Where the value really was
But fortunes were also made. Because while the late 1990s had seen oceans of hot money-chasing tech stocks, solid boring businesses were left unregarded, stagnating at rock-bottom valuations while investors waited for them to go bust – which, of course, they didn't.
Bricks and mortar retailers? How quaint. Solid engineering companies, with bulging order books? But doesn't everyone know that the future is the Internet? Tobacco companies? No: Internet stocks such as Webvan and Boo.com (which were both soon to implode, incidentally) were considered much better bets.
Canny investors, among them Warren Buffett and Neil Woodford, hoovered up such unloved businesses, attracted by solid cash flows (which were reassuringly positive, not negative), rock-bottom valuations, and decent business models that weren't built upon quicksand.
Here we go again
I can't help but think that we're seeing something similar today. Contrast the exuberance seen in some quarters of the stock market today, with the disdain shown towards some stocks.
GlaxoSmithKline (LSE: GSK), for instance. British American Tobacco (LSE: BATS). National Grid (LSE: NG). HSBC (LSE: HSBA). Legal & General (LSE: LGEN).
Each and every one of these businesses have something in common: they are currently sitting on a forward yield well north of 5%.
For income investors, it's a feast. Nor is it a famine for growth investors: the likes of GlaxoSmithKline and HSBC may not be stellar growth prospects, but I expect them to carry on motoring along for many more years to come.
And if you take the view that these unloved businesses are likely due for a re-rating, then the kick upwards in their share prices could be sizeable.
What to do?
At this point, I'll echo Owain's conclusions, having trodden a slightly different path to get to roughly the same conclusion.
In short, if you're not thinking about repositioning your portfolio in light of the above, then perhaps you should be.
Their tweets have the power to shape international relations, send stock prices up — or down — and galvanize the American public.
We're watching how Donald Trump is using this platform of unfettered communication now that he's commander in chief. Here is everything Trump has tweeted since they were sworn in as 45th president of the United States. In many cases, we look at what they were reacting to and whether what they said was accurate. And, as much as possible, we'll relate what else was going on at the time. Check back for more as Trump continues to tweet.
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission plans to turn over oversight of internet service providers to another federal agency as it plans to vote on Thursday to revoke the landmark 2015 "net neutrality" rules.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Federal Communications Commission plans to turn over oversight of internet service providers to another federal agency as it plans to vote on Thursday to revoke the landmark 2015 "net neutrality" rules.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai last month unveiled plans to repeal the rules that prohibit internet service providers from impeding consumer access to web content. The 2015 rules bar broadband providers from blocking or slowing access to web content.
On Monday, the FCC and Federal Trade Commission said they plan to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding coordinating efforts under the new rules. The agencies said the proposal will "return jurisdiction to the FTC to police the conduct of ISPs."
Pai said Monday in a statement the agencies "will work together to take targeted action against bad actors."
Under Pai's proposal, the FCC would no longer bar any specific internet provider practice but require companies to disclose if they block, throttle or offer paid prioritization of internet traffic.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, a Democrat, said the agreement "is a confusing, lackluster, reactionary afterthought: an attempt to paper over weaknesses in the chairperson's draft proposal repealing the FCC's 2015 net neutrality rules."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The FTC will investigate if internet providers fail to make accurate disclosures or if they engage in deceptive or unfair acts or practices. "The FTC is committed to ensuring that Internet service providers live up to the promises they make to consumers,” said Acting FTC Chairman Maureen Ohlhausen.
FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, said "FTC enforcement would happen long after the fact - many months, if not years, after consumers and businesses have been harmed."
Chris Lewis, vice president of advocacy group Public Knowledge, said the FCC is "joining forces with the FTC to say it will only act when a broadband provider is deceiving the public. This gives free reign to broadband providers to block or throttle your broadband service as long as they inform you."
Democrats and net neutrality advocates plan a series of protests ahead of Thursday's vote. Pai's proposal has already won the backing of the three Republicans on the five-member commission. The reversal represents a victory for big internet providers such as AT&T Inc , Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc that opposed the 2015 rules.
Pai's proposal is opposed by large internet companies including Alphabet Inc and Facebook Inc .
The new rules are expected to take effect in January and draw court challenges.
(Reporting by David ShepardsonEditing by Marguerita Choy)
"My understanding is that there was a complaint made to the Orange County district attorney's office related to an alleged Brown Act violation," they wrote in their memo. "The city attorney's office received confirmation from the district attorney's office that they will not be pursuing the matter due to insufficient evidence related to the allegations made in the complaint. However, since I was directed by the City Council to manage the hiring of the executive search firm, and in the interest of transparency, I am recommending that the closed session item be canceled."
A man has been arrested for fraud after attempting to cheat on their learner licence examination at the Milnerton Driving Licence Testing Centre. Traffic Service spokesperson, Richard Coleman said an examiner at the centre on Tuesday had noticed the suspect cheating by copying answers from a piece of paper.
Coleman confirmed that the 26-year-old Langa resident was arrested for fraud.
“When confronted, they denied the allegation, but when asked to stand up from their seat, the examiner found the cheat sheet. The Langa resident was arrested on a charge of fraud and taken to the Milnerton police station,” they stated.
Given the severity of the crime, Coleman noted that applicants are reminded before each test is conducted that it is an offence to cheat while completing the learner licence examination.
“This incident is a virtual carbon copy of another in February when a 31-year-old Delft resident was arrested at the same testing centre.
“The City's Traffic Service reminds members of the public that these are serious offences that could result in a conviction. The learner licence test is challenging, but can be passed without taking shortcuts,” Coleman continued.
VOC 91.3fm
Share this article
5 Shares
Comments
comments
The first thing to know about blockchain smart contracts is they're not contracts, smart, or necessarily on a blockchain. They are, in fact, singularly ill-named.1 Let's address these issues in reverse order, and we should find out exactly what a smart contract actually is along the way. First, an introduction to what transactions are and things that aren't transactions.
An intro to transactions and non-transactions
The best known blockchains are crypto-currencies like Bitcoin.2 The thing about currencies—virtual or not—is that what you mainly want to do is buy or sell things using them. What you want is a simple transaction model: "Once I provide you with this service, you'll give me this amount of currency." We know how this works, because every time we buy something in a shop or online, that's what happens: The starting state is that "I have x amount," and the state after completion of the transaction is "I have x-y amount, and you have y amount."4 It's the moving from one state to another that you care about before you complete the transaction. Most cryptocurrencies are set up to support this type of construct.
This is great, but some clever people realised that there are actually many different ways to do this. Ethereum was where non-transactional constructs made it big time, and Solidity is the best known example. Both, I'm pleased to say, are open source projects. Why not have a more complex set of conditions that need to be met before I hand over whatever it is that I'm handing over? And—here's the clever bit—why not write those in code that can be executed by computers? You might want the currency—or whatever—to only be released after a certain amount of time, or if a stock price keeps within a particular set of boundaries, or if a certain person continues to be prime minister,5 or if there's no unexpected eclipse within the next five days.6 You could have complex dependencies, too: only complete if I write a new post three weeks in a row and nobody writes unpleasant comments about any of them.7 Write this code, and if the conditions are met, then you move to the next state.
Not just for blockchains
Let's start addressing those "not" statements.
Now, in a blockchain, the important thing is that once the state has changed, you then ensure it's recorded on the blockchain so that it's public and nobody can change or challenge it. But there are other uses for blockchain technology, as I explained in "Is blockchain a security topic?" Permissionless systems, often referred to as distributed ledger technologies (DLTs) are a great fit for non-transactional state models, largely because the sort of people who are interested in them are closed groups of organisations that want to have complex sets of conditions met before they move to the next state. These aren't, by the tightest definition, blockchains. Banks and other financial institutions may be the most obvious examples where DLTs are gaining traction, but they are very useful in supply chain sectors, for instance, where you may have conditions around changing market rates, availability, and shipping times or costs, which may all play into the final price of the commodity or service being provided.
Not that smart
Smart contracts could, I suppose, be smart, but for me, that means complex and able to react to unexpected or unlikely situations. I think that people call them "smart" because they're embodied in code, not for the reasons I've suggested above.
That's actually a very good thing, I think, because I don't think we want them to mean what I was talking out. Most of the usages that I'm aware of for "smart contracts" are where two or more organisations agree on a set of possible outcomes of a system based on a set of known and well-constrained conditions. This is what contracts are generally about, and although I'm about to argue with that part of the nomenclature as well, in this context it's fairly apposite.
What you want, generally, is not unexpected or unlikely situations and smart processing in an artificial intelligence/machine learning-type way, because if you do, then the outcomes are likely to be surprising, and likely unhappy, to one or more of the parties involved. Simple—or at least easily defined—is a key property that you're going to want built into the system. The Solidity project, for example, seems aware of at least some of these pitfalls and suggests that people employing smart contracts employ formal verification, but as we'll see below, that just scratches the surface of the problem.
Not contracts
Of course, there are some contracts—"in real life" contracts—that exist to manage complex and unexpected conditions. And they exist within a clear legal jurisdiction. The words and phrases that make them up are subject to specific and well-defined processes, with known sanctions and punishments when the conditions of the contract are not met or are broken. There are often instances where these are challenged, but again, clear mechanisms exist for such challenges.
For now, "smart contracts" don't fit this description of a contract. Mapping legal contractual wording to computer code is a very complex process, and the types of errors that processing of code is prone to don't have a good analogue within the justice system. There's the question, as well, of jurisdiction. This is usually described in the contract terms, but what if the processing of the "smart contract" takes place in a different jurisdiction from the parties involved, or even in an unknown jurisdiction? Should this matter? Could this matter? I don't know, and I also don't know what other issues are going to crawl out of the woodwork once people start relying on these constructs in legally enforceable ways, but I doubt they're going to be welcome.
We're not helped, as well, by the fact that when IT people talk about software contracts, they're talking about something completely different: It's the advertised behaviour of a system in the context of known inputs and starting conditions.
What does this have to do with security?
Once a transaction—or "smart contract"—has completed and made its way onto the blockchain or distributed ledger, it is immutable, pretty much by definition. But what about before it's completed? Well, simple transactions of the type described at the beginning of this post are atomic—they happen or they don't, they are "indivisible and irreducible," to use the jargon. They are, for most purposes, instantaneous.
The same is not true for "smart contracts". They require processing and therefore exist over time. This means that while they are being processed, they are subject to all sorts of attacks to which any system may be vulnerable. The standard list is:
Confidentiality. The state of a "smart contract" may be subject to snooping, which may lead to asymmetric knowledge or leakage to non-approved parties.
Integrity. This is the nightmare case for many "smart contracts". If an entity—whether a party to the underlying contract or not—can (intentionally or unintentionally) change the internal state of the code executing the "smart contract," then the outcomes of that "smart contract" will not be as they're expected to be, and any of the parties involved may have good cause to dispute the outcome. What's more, such a dispute may not even depend on proof of loss of integrity, but just on suspicion. Proving run-time integrity—let alone mitigating when it is shown to have been lost—is extremely difficult within an execution context.
Availability. If one party sees that the conditions associated with a "smart contract" are turning out to be unfavourable to them, they might try to affect the availability of any part of the system that makes up the "smart contract," whether the processing of the code itself, the inputs to the system, or the outputs from the system. Any of these might have a significant impact on the real-life outcomes.
So what?
This post started with what may have seemed to be a pedantic attack on a naming convention. As I think will probably be clear,8 I'm not comfortable with the phrase "smart contract," and that's mainly because I think it has caused some people to think that these constructs are things that they're not. This, in turn, is likely to mean that people will use them in contexts where they're not appropriate.
I also worry that because words bring baggage with them, this will lead to people not fully thinking through the impact of security on these constructs. And I think that the impact can be very major. So, if you're looking into these constructs, please do so with your eyes open. I've not talked much in this article about mitigations, but some exist. Keep an eye on future posts for more.
1 I like to think that the late, lamented authors Terry Pratchett and Douglas Adams would both appreciate smart contracts for exactly this reason.
2 The first thing you'll find many Bitcoin commentators saying is, "I wish I'd bought in early: I'd be a multi-millionaire by now."3
3 I wish I'd bought in early: I'd be a multi-millionaire by now.
4 Less taxes or house cut. Sorry—that's just the way the world works.
5 Or doesn't.
6 I'm not expecting one. I'd tell you, honest.
7 This is not an invitation.
8 If it isn't by now, either you've not read this carefully enough, or I've done a bad job of explaining. Try reading it again, and if that doesn't help, write a comment and I'll try to explain better.
This article originally appeared on Alice, Eve, and Bob—a security blog and is republished with permission.
“This storyline is disturbing to me on many levels, as I am not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Anna L. Farmer, 82, of Brighton, died Monday, April 23, 2018, at Christian Hospital.
Visitation will be from 5-8 p.m. Thursday, April 26, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton, where funeral services will be at 1 p.m. Friday, April 27. Burial will be at Upper Alton Cemetery.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Defender Discovery Discovery Sport LR2 LR4 Range Rover Diesel Range Rover Evoque Range Rover Sport Range Rover Sport Diesel GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
There is no better way to start a 2,500-mile road trip than with a check engine light. However, a quick visit to Hornburg Land Rover in Hollywood prompted a diagnosis: a slightly sticky Exhaust Gas Recirculation valve. “It won't affect your drive,” the tech said. “Most likely, it will clear itself again.” We were free to make our way north.
On day two of the journey, on I-5 outside Redding, California, we encountered heavy snowfall. We passed many cars spun out on the side of the road, but the Rover pushed north—slow, steady, and composed.
Inside, my hands were toasty on the heated steering wheel and my backside was warm from the seat heaters. The seats might be a little firm for all-day stretches behind the wheel, but overall ride quality means it is easy to put some serious miles down.
On the coastal return leg, the 443 lb-ft of torque from Td6's 3.0-liter turbo-diesel came in handy in the twisty sections. Plus, the diesel averaged about 450 miles between fill-ups at about 25 mpg. The check engine light never reappeared and hasn't since. During the 10 days and 2,513 miles, the Rover never hiccupped and kept me comfortable the entire time.
MORE ON OUR LONG-TERM 2016 RANGE ROVER SPORT TD6 HERE:
LONDON: Two days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with their new mega-bucks clothing deal, Roger Federer was back making a style statement with their dazzling tennis as they gave Lukas Lacko a 6-4 6-4 6-1 dressing down to reach the third round on Wednesday.
The Swiss champion was at their breath-taking best as they crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute match that seemed more an exhibition of their shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title.
Advertisement
When Federer turned up to defend their crown in 2013, they suffered a shock second-round humbling by Sergiy Stakhovsky.
There was no danger of a repeat performance against Slovakia's Lacko, however, and a forehand swish on match point gave the top seed a 26th consecutive set at the grasscourt major.
Federer will face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ed Osmond)
Advertisement
Dinesh Chandimal and Sri Lankan players stand dejected after losing the final Test go down 0-3 to India in the Test series (Getty Images)
Challenging period The company's recent performance has been hampered by poor weather conditions. Normal operations have now resumed, although there have been further difficulties at its deep well A5. It has experienced a blockage, with the company…
Oil and gas explorer Caspian Sunrise (LSE: CASP) has declined by 25% today after it released an operational update. The company has experienced delays in its operational activities which have caused investor sentiment to come under severe pressure. In the short run, there could be further declines as the market absorbs today's update. However, could the stock be worth buying for the long run?
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Oil and gas explorer Caspian Sunrise (LSE: CASP) has declined by 25% today after it released an operational update. The company has experienced delays in its operational activities which have caused investor sentiment to come under severe pressure.
In the short run, there could be further declines as the market absorbs today's update. However, could the stock be worth buying for the long run?
Challenging period
The company's recent performance has been hampered by poor weather conditions. Normal operations have now resumed, although there have been further difficulties at its deep well A5. It has experienced a blockage, with the company seeking to remove it in recent weeks.
Despite this, it has been unable to do so and has now called in a contractor with more specialised coil tubing equipment. The permitting required to bring coil tubing operations is expected to be finalised by the end of March, with the 90-day flow test then due to resume.
However, the company has made progress with deep well 801. The planned side-track work from a depth of 4,516m is now under way. Provided that work is successful, the well will be placed on a 90-day flow test.
Clearly, Caspian Sunrise has experienced a challenging period, and this has been reflected in its share price decline. Its strategy appears to be sound, and progress is being made in terms of moving towards its end goals.
While potentially volatile in the near term, the company could deliver improving performance in the long term. That's especially the case since the prospects for the oil price remain upbeat. As such, for less risk-averse investors Caspian Sunrise could offer an enticing risk/reward ratio.
Low valuation
Also experiencing a difficult period is energy support services company Petrofac (LSE: PFC). The business is currently under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO), which appears to have hurt investor sentiment in the stock. For example, it has fallen by 47% in the last year even though it has shown signs of a potential recovery in recent weeks.
With the price of oil having risen in recent months, the potential for increased activity in the oil and gas sector remains high. This could lead to greater demand for Petrofac's services and may create a catalyst for its earnings over the medium term. So while its bottom line is due to fall by 15% this year and by a further 14% next year, its financial prospects may be more positive over an extended timeframe.
Furthermore, investors appear to have factored in the difficulties facing the company. It trades on a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of around 9. This factors in its projected decline in earnings over the next two years and suggests that it may offer a wide margin of safety. Therefore, while risky, it could offer capital growth potential in future.
SARAJEVO: Police in Bosnia and Croatia detained more than 20 people on Tuesday suspected of being part of a criminal ring that has smuggled up to 200 migrants into the European Union, Bosnia's state prosecutor said.
The group, suspected of transporting, hiding and smuggling migrants mostly from Turkey via Bosnia, EU member Croatia and further on to Western Europe, has been monitored by the police since the start of 2018, the prosecutor said in a statement.
The investigation showed that the ring organisers, who are nationals of Turkey and Kosovo, charged migrants more than 10,000 Bosnian marka (US$6,257) each to take them to EU member states, the office said.
Those detained also include 11 Croatia nationals and one Bosnian, the Croatian police told local media.
The so-called Balkan route for migrants trying to reach the EU via Turkey, Greece and former Yugoslav countries was shut down in 2016 when Turkey agreed to stop the flow in return for EU aid and a promise of visa-free travel for its own citizens.
Until recently, the few still making the journey had avoided mountainous Bosnia, some of whose citizens themselves became refugees in Western countries after its devastating war in the 1990s.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the impoverished Balkan country, which has a 1,000 km border with EU member Croatia, has lately emerged as an alternative migrant route starting from Turkey via Greece and Albania through Montenegro, as well as for those stuck in Serbia.
The authorities said this week that 1,139 migrants mostly from Syria, Pakistan, Libya and Afghanistan have entered Bosnia since the start of 2018 and almost as many were intercepted at the borders.
They warned that Bosnia cannot cope with a steep increase in the number of migrants expected with warmer weather. The country has only one centre for asylum seekers and another one for illegal migrants, both of which are full.
Volunteers, helping the migrants with accommodation and food, say their numbers are double the official estimates.
They say the government is failing to adequately protect the rights of refugees who lack food, shelter and medical care. The Bosnian Islamic Community has also called on authorities to do more to meet the basic needs of refugees.
(Reporting by Maja Zuvela; Editing by Daria Sito-Sucic and Hugh Lawson)
TOKYO: A mayor opposed to a U.S. Marines base on Okinawa seeks re-election in a poll on Sunday, raising the prospect that the facility will remain an irritant in Japan-U.S. relations.
Japan's central government and Okinawa authorities have long bickered over a plan, first agreed between Tokyo and Washington in 1996, to relocate the U.S. Marines' Futenma air base from an urban area in central Okinawa to the less populated Henoko district of the northern city of Nago.
Nago Mayor Susumu Inamine and Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga are among the opponents of the move, seeking to have Futenma's functions moved off Okinawa entirely. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government wants to forge ahead with the relocation.
Many Okinawa residents associate the U.S. military presence with crime, pollution and accidents, and resentment has been rekindled by a spate of incidents involving U.S. military aircraft. In December, a window fell from a U.S. helicopter onto a school sports field, fanning safety concerns.
Inamine, who is seeking a third four-year term with opposition support, was leading challenger Taketoyo Toguchi, backed by Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its junior coalition partner, the Komeito party, a Yomiuri newspaper survey published on Jan. 30 showed.
A win for Toguchi would make it easier for Abe's government to carry through the relocation. A former local assembly member, Toguchi has pledged to improve the city's economy.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Work is underway for construction of a Futenma replacement facility, but some aspects require approval from the Nago mayor, so the re-election of Inamine could bring delays.
Polls close at 8:00 p.m. (11:00 GMT) and media exit polls are expected afterwards. Final official results may not be available until early on Monday.
(Reporting by Linda Sieg; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Police say they are treating a large fire at The Wesley building in Hartlepool town centre as arson.
Cleveland Police today confirmed they believe the huge blaze to the former Methodist church and nightclub on Saturday night was started deliberately.
Fire crews battle the blaze on Saturday night. Picture: Tom Collins
A spokesperson for Cleveland Police told the Mail: "I can confirm that we are treating it as arson."
An investigation was launched on Sunday after police and fire chiefs were able to gain access to the building in Victoria Road.
A structural engineer declared the building safe to enter after an assessment .
Damage to the roof caused it to collapse but the remainder of the building is not believed to have been badly affected.
Dramatic pictures showed the size of the fire and aftermath to The Wesley which has been empty for a number of years.
Flames were seen rising as high as 20 feet from the roof at the height of the blaze which was reported at 8.30pm on Saturday.
No-one is reported to have been hurt in the incident.
The building is owned by Stockton-based development company Jomast which was granted planning permission to convert it into a hotel.
Actress Bhumi Pednekar, who attended the Glitter Exhibition 2017 here on Friday, said Sonam Kapoor is the fashion diva of our country.Bhumi was asked who they admire the most for their style. They said: "I think Sonam Kapoor is by far the fashion diva of our country, and I have been admiring them for years. I think they are such a warm person that it shows on their face and in their style."The "Dum Laga Ke Haisha" actor also spoke about their future projects."My next film is Abhishek Chaubey's new film which is tentatively titled 'Chambal'. I won't be able to disclose any further information. I think it would be better if it's the director who talks about their film first. What I can tell you is that we will start shooting for it very soon.""Apart from that, there are a lot of amazing things lined up for me, but as always I can't talk about them because I would rather have my seniors related to the projects talk about them first."The festive season has already set in with Diwali just being a few days away.Asked how they will celebrate the Festival of Lights this year, Bhumi said: "Life has taken a big jump in 2017 for me. Usually, I spend Diwali with my family, but this year I will be busy shooting. But I am very excited to be working on Diwali. It is a very auspicious day and if I get the chance to work on such a day, then it would be good luck for the entire year to come."But I would like to wish a very Happy Diwali to everyone and tell them to be safe and please don't burst crackers. It's bad for noise pollution, and it is harmful to our street dogs. We are already destroying our planet Earth bit by bit, so please don't burst crackers. And if you wish to spend that money, you can always give it to charity."Bhumi was last seen on screen in "Toilet: Ek Prem Katha" and in "Shubh Mangal Saavdhan".
A general view shows thousands of New Year's day revellers and holidaymakers gathering on North Pier Beach during New Year festivities in Durban.
Aftermath of intrusion still causing anxiety for Langley teen
When Langley City resident Judy heard their daughter Emma scream, they thought the 17-year-old had seen a spider.
Then they heard Emma yelling, “get out, get out!”
The teen was yelling at a man who was trying to climb in through their second-storey bedroom window.
It was shortly after 11 p.m.
The casement window was open because it was a warm night and Emma's south-facing bedroom is the hottest room in the Langley City house.
“It was a couple of days after school was out for the summer and was one of those super hot nights, so upstairs windows were open as we don't have a/c,” said Judy, who asked that their last name and the real name of their daughter not be published.
Them husband came running in time to see the man jumping over the back fence into neighbouring yards and across another fence before sprinting out to the road toward a nearby park.
RCMP arrived in minutes.
“The police were absolutely excellent,” Judy said.
“They had the police dog here right away.”
The dog was able to follow the scent until it crossed into a heavy foot traffic area in nearby Brydon Park.
One frustrated police officer told Judy that they wished they could turn themselves into a helicopter to look for the suspect.
That was in late June, shortly after school closed for the summer.
More than a month later, even with the assistance of victim services, the after-effects of the attempted break-in still have the 17-year-old rattled.
“I had just turned off the light,” Emma told the Times.
Then they saw a shadow move and realized a man was climbing in through their window.
They were in all black or dark clothing and had their hoodie pulled up over theirs face.
“I was so scared I could barely move,” Emma said.
Then they started yelling and the man fled.
At first, they thought they were fine.
They spent the weekend with their grandparents, then came home and immediately suffered an anxiety attack, re-living the feeling of going into shock when they saw a shadow and realized someone was in their room.
“I went into panic mode,” Emma said.
“I started freaking out. I was screaming and carrying on.”
When they couldn't shake it, their father and grandfather took them to the hospital ER.
Sitting in the waiting room at the hospital, the anxiety continued until someone found them a quiet room where they could sit with them back to the wall.
After about three hours, Emma was able to go home.
“I slept with the lights on for at least a week,” they said.
“If I was home alone, I would have to have the wall behind me. I felt like I had to lock the windows and keep the lights on.”
These days, she's OK, they said, but there will be moments where the fear comes flashing back.
“It's a come-and-go thing” Emma said.
“Most of the summer, I have been struggling with anxiety.”
The family has taken steps to make a repeat invasion through a window impossible.
They decided to tell their story after the Langley RCMP issued a public warning about burglars gaining entrance through unlocked windows.
“Even though it is unbearably hot during the night, residents are cautioned to consider home security,” said Langley RCMP Cpl. Holly Largy.
“If you are going to leave a window open … you should employ some kind of security brace and only leave the window open a couple inches.”
Police suggest residents ‘make the rounds' before going to bed each night:
Have you taken valuables and garage door openers out of your car?
Is your car parked in the driveway or garage and is it locked?
Are the doors to the house locked?
Are windows braced or closed and locked on the main level?
Consider making yourself a security checklist to keep your property and family safe, they advise.
There have been a number of complaints of screens having been removed or cut from ground floor windows in the Langley City area.
Earlier this month, a house in Murrayville was robbed while the owners were sleeping. A laptop, wallet and cash were taken.
It appeared the suspects gained entry through the home office window and nothing was heard likely due to fans and air conditioning units.
RELATED STORY: New mail theft warning issued by Langley RCMP
RELATED STORY: Fake tax collector scam resurfaces in Langley
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
WELLINGTON: The international future of Pete Samu remained in limbo on Thursday with New Zealand Rugby yet to decide on the player's release for the Wallabies' test series against Ireland next month.
Wallabies coach Michael Cheika omitted Samu from their squad on Wednesday but said pointedly that they wanted to name the loose forward only to be prevented from doing so by matters "out of their hands".
Advertisement
Melbourne-born Samu, who will join the Canberra-based ACT Brumbies in Super Rugby next season, is contracted to the Canterbury Crusaders and also New Zealand's Tasman provincial side.
"There's no decision," an NZR spokesperson said on Thursday.
"We still are considering a request from Rugby Australia, but have made no decision yet."
Players selected for national teams have to be released for international duty according to World Rugby rules, however, the global governing body has an exception for those eligible for multiple countries.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Under Regulation 9.38, players who are contracted to a country they are eligible for can be restricted from appearing for a second country.
Samu, 26, first played for Tasman when they were 22 and could have been selected for the All Blacks on residency grounds, but was overlooked by coach Steve Hansen for the June series against France.
The tug-of-war echoes the recent public battle over England's selection of Wellington Hurricanes captain Brad Shields for their series against South Africa.
Shields had signed with English club Wasps at the conclusion of Super Rugby, but NZR initially baulked at releasing them while they were still contracted to a New Zealand team.
The governing body later granted Shields a temporary release from their Hurricanes contract because they had been "an exceptional leader ... and a loyal servant to New Zealand Rugby."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Ian Ransom)
MIRPUR (AJK) - Three civilians including two women were critically injured by the unprovoked Indian firing from across the Line of Control in Bhimbher district of Azad Jammu and Kashmir on Monday, police said. The villages which came under fire by the Indian troops were Chahi/Barho, Sona Valley, Dhal Khamba, Chani and Tander Ghotaan in Samahni Valley sector of Bhimbher district in Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
The injured civilians were shifted to Divisional Headquarters Hospital Mirpur, official sources told The Nation. Their condition was stated to be critical, they added. The injured civilians were identified as Irum Younis, Ishrat Bibi and Atif Majeed. The firing started on Monday morning which lasted for some time intermittently targeting the civilian population of the forward areas close to the LoC, the police said quoting official reports pouring in from the firing-hit areas.
“Pakistani troops befittingly responded to the Indian firing silencing the enemy's guns,” the official added.
Southampton have announced a partnership with Jisheng Gao and their family.
The Chinese business person has been in negotiations with the south-coast club for some time and will now be part of the set-up at the Premier League outfit moving forward.
Saints owner Katharina Liebherr confirmed the deal had been completed in a statement released to Southampton supporters on Monday afternoon.
"I am pleased to confirm that talks to bring in a new partner to our club have been concluded," they said.
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together.
"Today is the start of a new and exciting chapter for our club. Mr Jisheng Gao and their daughter, Mrs Nelly Gao, with whom I have built a close relationship, share our values and ambitions.
"As a team, we will strive to build upon the strong foundation that is in place towards sustainable long-term success."
Liebherr went on to suggest that chairperson Ralph Krueger, and other members of staff in place at St Mary's, will continue to operate in their current capacity.
"Mr Gao, Nelly and I have full trust in Ralph Krueger and their management team. We wholeheartedly support their plans to follow the Southampton Way in the years ahead," they added.
"But for now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season.
"I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith, and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary's. We March On."
Gao, whose company Lander Sports Development had been in talks with Liebherr during last season, now wants to move the club further forward.
"I am honoured and humbled to become a partner of Southampton Football Club alongside Katharina Liebherr, who, together with their father, has been such a great flight attendant of the club, its growth and success," they said.
"Together, we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club."
Southampton, with new manager Mauricio Pellegrino at the helm, started the season with a 0-0 draw at home to Swansea on Saturday.
JOHANNESBURG: South Africa's Public Protector has launched a new investigation into allegations of influence-peddling and unlawful enrichment by certain officials within three state-owned firms after thousands of emails relating to alleged fraud were leaked.
The Public Protector's office said in a statement on Wednesday it was investigating these allegations within Eskom, Transnet and The Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa (PRASA).
Allegations of government corruption have escalated this month after local media began reporting on more than 100,000 leaked emails they say show inappropriate interference by the wealthy Gupta family and ministers in the issuing of lucrative tenders.
"The Public Protector South Africa, Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane, has decided to conduct a preliminary investigation for the purpose of determining the merits of the several allegations published in the media," the protector's office said.
The latest allegations of influence-peddling are deepening a divide in the ANC as factions jostle for control before a conference in December where President Jacob Zuma's successor as party leader will be chosen.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The investigation by the anti-corruption watchdog will focus on allegations of "improper or dishonest act" with respect to the public funds at Eskom, PRASA and Transnet and "unlawful enrichment" by certain public officials at the firms, it said.
The investigation will also look at the re-appointment of Brian Molefe as chief executive of Eskom, the state power company, amid graft allegations. They were reinstated last month, but ministers then reversed their reinstatement.
Molefe has denied wrongdoing and the Gupta family, who are friends of Zuma, and its companies have also denied all allegations of influence-peddling or improper dealings.
Most of the allegations form part of "The State Capture" report by the Public Protector, released last year on Nov. 2, focusing on allegations that business people brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta had influenced the appointment of ministers.
The report has been taken on judicial review by Zuma, mines minister Mosebenzi Zwane and Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Desmond van Rooyen, the public protector said.
(Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Chris Reese and Leslie Adler)
Vigil@nce - Cisco WSA: Cross Site Scripting
March 2018 by Vigil@nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil@nce : https://vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can trigger a Cross Site Scripting of Cisco WSA, in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site.
Impacted products: AsyncOS, Cisco WSA.
Severity: 2/4.
Creation date: 18/01/2018.
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The Cisco WSA product offers a web service.
However, it does not filter received data before inserting them in generated HTML documents.
An attacker can therefore trigger a Cross Site Scripting of Cisco WSA, in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site.
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL@NCE BULLETIN
https://vigilance.fr/vulnerability/...
England became the last team to qualify for the World Cup quarter-finals after a dramatic penalty shootout as favourites Brazil and fancied France trained their sights on their last-eight opponents.England's victory against Colombia takes Gareth Southgate's team into what looks like a winnable match against Sweden, who edged out Switzerland 1-0 earlier on Tuesday.Both teams are in the bottom half of the draw in Russia, along with the host nation and Croatia, with England the only former winners of the four teams.The top half contains more heavyweights, with 1998 champions France taking on two-time winners Uruguay and Brazil set to face Belgium.On a dramatic night in Moscow's Spartak Stadium, England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford made a key save from Carlos Bacca before Eric Dier's spot-kick gave England their first-ever win on penalties at a World Cup at the fourth attempt -- ending the jinx that has dogged them for so long.The Sun tabloid coined their save the "Hand of Jord", harking back to Diego Maradona's "Hand of God" incident in 1986, when the Argentine used their hand to put the ball into the net against England."It's the headline we have waited a lifetime to write... England wins on penalties (Yes really!)," the paper said.Southgate said they were already looking forward to Saturday's quarter-final against Sweden in Samara, with a last-four clash against either Croatia or Russia up for grabs."This was special but I want us to go on," said Southgate, whose own penalty miss saw England lose to Germany in the semi-finals of Euro 96 at Wembley."Sweden is another team we have a poor record against. We have underestimated them for years. They have created their own story and made history. I don't want to go home yet."Janne Andersson's Sweden have recovered well from a heartbreaking group-stage defeat by Germany, seeing off Mexico before edging out Switzerland 1-0 in the last 16.RB Leipzig midfielder Emil Forsberg grabbed the only goal of a tight encounter midway through the second half to send their country into the quarters for the first time since the 1994 side who finished third in the United States.- Neymar scrutiny -For all the drama around England, the winner of the tournament is more likely to come from the top half of the draw, where the teams can boast a combined eight tournament wins.Favourites Brazil will come up against Belgium's 'golden generation' in Kazan on Friday while an exciting young France side spearheaded by Kylian Mbappe take on a shrewd Uruguay outfit in Nizhny Novgorod.Much of the focus surrounding Brazil's bid for a record-extending sixth world title has inevitably been on Neymar.But the world's most expensive player has hit the headlines as much for their perceived play-acting as for the on-pitch performances that have helped their side ease into the last eight without ever being seriously troubled.Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio said the stoppages caused by Neymar's antics stalled their team during their 2-0 last-16 loss to Brazil, claiming the Paris Saint-Germain forward's reaction to Miguel Layun stepping on their leg was a "shame for football".Belgium were on the brink of another major tournament failure when trailing 2-0 with 21 minutes to play, only for a magnificent breakway goal by Nacer Chadli in the fourth minute of injury-time to cap a stunning fightback.Eden Hazard, Romelu Lukaku, Dries Mertens and Kevin De Bruyne are likely to give Brazil's defence the biggest test of their campaign so far, although the South Americans have only conceded once in four matches."This is the sort of game you dream about as a little boy and we can enjoy it from the first second," said Belgium coach Roberto Martinez.France never got out of first gear in easing through the group stage, but turned on the style as Mbappe dazzled in a classic 4-3 victory over Argentina to set up the clash with Uruguay."We have been preparing for months, for weeks to play matches like that," said France coach Didier Deschamps.Uruguay's success has been built on a solid defence led by Atletico Madrid pair Jose Gimenez and Diego Godin, with the old-fashioned strike partnership of Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani doing the damage at the other end with five goals between them.No South American side have won on European soil since a Pele-inspired Brazil 60 years ago, but in a World Cup of shocks and surprises, nothing can be taken for granted.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Otc Markets Group Inc:
* 2017 TOTAL DOLLAR VOLUME OF OTCQX, OTCQB AND PINK SECURITIES WAS $246.7 BILLION COMPARED TO $192.9 BILLION IN 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We can now update you on funeral arrangements for Max Muessig, who died last week in a freak accident with their girlfriend, Maggie Potter.
The accident happened Wednesday afternoon on M-115 near the Clare-Osceola County line.
Wind caused a tree to fall on top of their car.
The young couple died instantly.
Max's family says they touched the lives of everyone they met.
If you'd like to go pay your respects, visitation is happening Monday from 4-7 p.m. at the Ware Smith Woolever Funeral Home in Midland.
There will be another visitation Thursday morning at 10 a.m. at the Memorial Presbyterian Church in Midland, followed by a service at 11.
For directions or to send flowers, click here.
Distilled in the 1940s, encased in a Lalique crystal decanter, and yours for S$80,000.
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more dining stories and videos
SINGAPORE: Some things get better with age. Case in point: The 72-year-old single malt whisky from Macallan – the oldest bottling from the Scotch whisky label yet.
Advertisement
Only 600 bottles of The Macallan 72 Years Old In Lalique – The Genesis Decanter will be available at selected locations worldwide from August. Each bottle is individually numbered. The Macallan 72 Years Old In Lalique will be available in Singapore in a very limited quantity.
The Lalique crystal decanter. (Photo: www.themacallan.com)
The limited-edition whisky is encased in a Lalique crystal decanter. A wooden case, inspired by the curved wooden roof of Macallan's new state-of-the-art distillery, is designed by Burgess Studio and handcrafted by cabinetmaker NEJ Stevenson.
The price tag? A giddy US$60,000 (S$80,289) a pop.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Photo: www.themacallan.com)
"For its 72 years of maturation, the deceptively light colour hints that this is not an ordinary single malt," said Nick Savage, The Macallan master distiller. The flavour, according to Savage, is "an exquisite balance of strong, sweet oak with the peaty spirit shaping its refined character".
(Photo: www.themacallan.com)
"The whisky delivers surprise after surprise as aromas of fruit follow distinctive hints of peat, all the way through to the back of the mouth, where it is finished off with a lingering hint of rich fruit and oak," they said.
"Rich" indeed.
A church scholar allegedly burglarized the St. Joseph the Patriarch Parish Church in Mabolo last Sunday evening, carting away at least P400,000 in donations.
The money was inside a steel box, whose key was kept by Roxanne Valmoria, an employee of the church, who handles the money of the church.
Valmoria identified the suspect as Alexander Lumapac, who also works for the parish.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Mabolo Police Station Chief Jacinto Mandal, Lumapac beat up Valmoria because they could identify them as the one who stole the church money.
The keys of the cabinet where the church kept their cash donations were in the possession of Valmoria.
Lumapac allegedly got the keys from Valmoria who was sleeping at that time.
“That is why they mauled the victim because (Lumapac) was identified by the victim even though they were covering half of their face,” Mandal said.
The crime happened at around 10 p.m. last Sunday but was discovered only at 6 a.m. the next day after the first Mass.
Mandal said a sacristan found a bloodied Valmoria inside the parish office.
Valmoria was immediately taken to the hospital for treatment.
“He (suspect) is a church scholar. They also have a relative, who is a nun at the parish,” Mandal said in Cebuano.
Msgr. Alfredo Romanillos, the church's team moderator, said the money stolen was from Sunday's collection.
“We demand justice. We will file a case against the suspect,” Romanillos said.
Cebu City Councilor Davide Tumulak urged the church to tighten their security especially that this was not the first time that the Mabolo church was burglarized.
Vice Mayor Edgardo Labella also reminded churches and other institutions not to keep huge sums of money inside their offices.
“That should be deposited in the bank every now and then because that would attract robbers, especially those who know the area, the possibility of an inside job,” Labella said.
As of this writing, the suspect is still at large and the police are still conducting hot pursuit operation.
SINGAPORE: Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat will be attending the second annual meeting of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) Board of Governors in Jeju, South Korea, from Jun 16 to 17.
As Singapore's Governor on AIIB's Board of Governors, Mr Heng will provide a statement for the AIIB annual meeting. They will also attend the Board of Governors' Business Session, which will discuss the bank's 2016 Annual Report and 2017 Budget, the Ministry of Finance (MOF) said in a media release on Thursday (Jun 15).
The AIIB annual meeting will focus on the theme of sustainable infrastructure. Those attending the meeting will review opportunities for sustainable infrastructure investments, and identify ways to mobilise private capital for infrastructure development in the region, the ministry said.
Mr Heng will be accompanied on the trip by officials from MOF, it added.
Are Podcasts a B2B Brands Best Sales Tool in 2018?
When you distribute B2B content, the ultimate goal is to build trust in your brand — increased trust that generates more quality leads that result in more sales. The trouble comes when a business posts content for the pure sake of posting it — or trying to capitalize on an industry trend of some sort that doesn't directly relate to their business model or customer demographic. Value, when it comes to distributing content, you need to give YOUR ideal customer exactly what they want.
One of the most interesting things I've learned over the last few months is that the B2B business is won or lost on podcast and webinar content. Being an avid business and lifestyle podcast listener, it's great to see I'm not the only person soaking in the great content available from business/entrepreneurship podcasts like the MFCEO, Self Made Man, Empire Podcast, Bucci Radio, and many others. So, if you're looking for a way to make an impact, you can stop reading right here and go figure out how to fire up a podcast people are actually interested in!
Blogs are also making a resurgence, according to a comprehensive Demand Gen Report. The report states that B2B customers like Podcasts, Webinars and blog content at the top of the sales funnel. Not surprising that the business world is adopting more of a millennial mentality — Ie., personalized suggestions, education, and service from a source they trust. This is actually great, as there is a definite shift from salesy “gurus” who don't have a clue what they're talking about, to real-world experts who offer more of a comprehensive, service-based approach to product sales.
The future is here — you need credibility to succeed…
The guru mentality of aggressive marketing, empty info products, and useless advice are over. Thank goodness! Real value — actionable advice, expert product knowledge, truly meaningful recommendations — are what B2B customers of today want. If your content doesn't smell credible, it simply will not resonate with online customers.
I'd recommend everyone reading this give 1st Phorm CEO, Andy Frisella's MFCEO podcast a listen. He's a friend of Gary Vee and several other big influencers. They skirt the use of ads like every other podcaster uses to make money. Instead, they ask you share their podcast with a contact of yours. Pretty cool, considering their current download numbers indicate they could make millions a year if they started pushing ads on you.
I won't go into too much detail but one of the things that makes them trustworthy to entrepreneurs is they don't push products on you but rather tells you hard work and networking are the keys to better branding and sales. They also slam most of the gurus and Inta-famous influencers out there, telling you most just fill your head with garbage. The point is that if you're looking to get on the podcast train, Frisella is a great example — kind of like JRE for entrepreneurs. Warning: He's a potty mouth, so this podcast isn't for the timid!
Credibility is rooted in reviews and comments…
Also referred to as “vanity metrics” social shares, comments and peer-generated reviews mean more than ever to driving engagement, leads, and sales from B2B customers. It seems that the majority of B2Bers used LinkedIn to share and source the type of content that drives them to make a purchase. This shouldn't come as a surprise, as LinkedIn is pretty exclusive to this community, where Twitter and Facebook content is often regarded as less trustworthy by those who work in business.
The fact is, if you don't have a podcast in place to distribute content and generate leads and sales, you're already behind the curve. The podcasting space is already highly saturated, meaning it's time to make haste if you're committed to growing a sustainable B2B brand.
Main Image Credit: James Royal-Lawson/Flickr
MISS Universe Pia Wurtzbach welcomed the New Year with their beau Filipino-Swiss car racing champion Marlon Stockinger on the beach of Hawaii.
On New Year's Day, Pia shared a photo on Instagram showing them and Marlon, spending the holidays on a beach in Waimanalo, Hawaii.
Marlon also posted a solo photo of Pia with the caption: “Beachbumin on the last day of the year.”
ADVERTISEMENT
It was in October last year when the car racing champion admitted dating the beauty queen but said they want to keep their relationship “down low.”
In the latest Instagram post of Miss Universe's official account, Pia greeted their fans in a video message.
“Hi, guys! Happy New Year! I'm in here in Hawaii right now enjoying the sun while some of you might be in the winter. Well, Happy New Year!” they said.
Pia will return to Manila this month to pass their crown to the next Miss Universe. The Philippines will host the pageant on January 30.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments in a case that has the potential to scale back the Securities and Exchange Commission's ability to recover illegal profits earned as a result of fraud or other wrongdoing.
The case, which involves New Mexico-based investment adviser Charles Kokesh who was sued by the SEC in 2009, hinges on whether ill-gotten gains, in an agency recovery remedy known as "disgorgement," are subject to a five-year statute of limitations.
The ruling in the case could have broad consequences for the policing of Wall Street. The SEC already faces a five-year statute of limitations for collecting civil monetary penalties, a time bar that the Supreme Court upheld unanimously in its 2013 Gabelli v. SEC ruling.
Kokesh, who appealed to the Supreme Court after losing at a federal appeals court, was accused of misappropriating investor money and later ordered to pay US$2.4 million in penalties plus US$34.9 million in disgorgement. The penalties covered conduct within the five-year window, but the disgorgement covered conduct that largely occurred outside that time frame.
Kokesh's attorneys argued that a disgorgement in the case constituted a punitive "forfeiture" that is time-barred.
The Justice Department, on the SEC's behalf, argued that disgorgement is equitable relief for harmed investors and that Congress did not intend to impose a five-year statute of limitations on it.
A loss for the SEC could impact negotiations in its current pipeline of investigations. Defendants that already disgorged profits dating back more than five years could potentially seek to have their cases re-opened.
"A ruling by the Supreme Court in the SEC's favor would bless this approach and give the agency a massive club to wield," said Jack Yoskowitz, a partner at Seward & Kissel LLP who represents financial services clients and individuals. Yoskowitz is not involved in the case.
Tuesday will mark Justice Neil Gorsuch's second day of arguments since they were confirmed to the Supreme Court by the Senate on April 7 and sworn in three days later.
Wall Street attorneys will be closely watching to see how they approach the case.
"I think they are not someone who is going to defer to the SEC in the way some other judges might," said Michael Dell, a partner at Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP who filed a friend-of-the-court brief in favor of a statute of limitations on behalf of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the Wall Street trade group.
"I think they are going to look at this and interpret it for himself."
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Will Dunham)
FREETOWN: At least 312 people were killed and more than 2,000 left homeless on Monday (Aug 14) when heavy flooding hit Sierra Leone's capital of Freetown, leaving morgues overflowing and residents desperately searching for loved ones.
An AFP journalist at the scene saw bodies being carried away and houses submerged in two areas of the city, where roads turned into churning rivers of mud and corpses were washed up on the streets.
Red Cross spokesperson Patrick Massaquoi told AFP the death toll was 312 but could rise further as their team continued to survey disaster areas in Freetown and tally the number of dead.
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, said 180 bodies had been received so far at their facility alone, many of them children, leaving no space to lay what they described as the "overwhelming number of dead".
Many more bodies were taken to private morgues, Sinneh said.
Images obtained by AFP showed a ferocious churning of dark orange mud coursing down a steep street in the capital, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist and chest deep in water trying to traverse the road.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Fatmata Sesay, who lives on the hilltop area of Juba, said she, their three children and husband were awoken at 4.30am by rain beating down on the mud house they occupy, which was by then submerged by water.
They managed to escape by climbing onto the roof. "We have lost everything and we do not have a place to sleep," they told AFP.
PILES OF CORPSES
Local media reports said a section of a hill in the Regent area of the city had partially collapsed, exacerbating the disaster.
Other images showed battered corpses piled on top of each other, as residents struggled to cope with the destruction.
Meanwhile disaster management official Candy Rogers said that "over 2,000 people are homeless," hinting at the huge humanitarian effort that will be required to deal with the fallout of the flooding in one of Africa's poorest nations.
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit each year by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 per cent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
Reports: Chelsea to make move to sign Manchester United target Ivan Perisic
Conte will look to exact revenge after the Lukaku saga.
by Aakanksh Sanketh Rumours 14 Aug 2017, 15:43 IST
Antonio Conte wants revenge for Lukaku
What's the story?
Chelsea have begun their English Premier League title defence in dismal fashion. The Blues were dismantled 2-3 by Burnley, at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Antonio Conte's side ended the game with just nine men, after Cahill and Fabregas were sent off.
The defeat has added to Conte's frustration over Chelsea's lack of transfer business this summer, with players like Azpilicueta publicly criticizing the club, demanding more signings.
The Stamford Bridge outfit have purchased Alvaro Morata, Tiemoue Bakayoko and Antonio Rudiger this summer but are now reportedly plotting a move to steal Ivan Perisic from under Manchester United's noses, as per reports in The Sun.
In case you didn't know...
Manchester United have relentlessly pursued the Croatian winger all summer, but to no avail. Jose Mourinho had admitted that their side were in the hunt for a wide attacking player and Perisic was widely believed to be their top target.
However, the Red Devils have been seemingly unable to finalize a deal with Inter Milan, with the winger's £48 million price tag turning out to be an obstacle. Manchester United have allegedly cooled their interest in the winger after their £35 million bid was rejected by the Serie A side.
The heart of the matter
Conte will look to bolster their side after their lacklustre performance over the weekend.
The Chelsea chief is understood to have been impressed by Perisic's pre-season performance against the Blues in Singapore and could look to make the most of Manchester United's reluctance to make a move.
Conte will undoubtedly be bitter over losing Lukaku to Jose Mourinho after the former was unable to land their top transfer target. Now, the Italian will look to exact revenge on the Red Devils by signing their top target in return.
With Eden Hazard ruled out for nearly two months, Chelsea will be desperate to sign someone capable of temporarily filling in the Belgian's shoes, with Perisic's flexibility making them a contender.
It is believed that Chelsea's ploy could prompt Mourinho's United side to make another move for the winger in a last ditch attempt to lure them to Old Trafford.
Despite Inter Milan publicly claiming that the winger is staying in Italy, both the English clubs are still keen on pushing a deal through, although it could require a significant purse.
Video
Author's take
Perisic has grabbed plenty of attention this summer after being linked with a move to Old Trafford. The 28-year-old also greatly impressed in the pre-season games for Inter Milan, displaying immense versatility and maturity.
The Croatian would be a wonderful addition to either side and could ultimately be the deciding factor in which way the title could go at the end of the season.
ADVERTISEMENT
It would certainly be strange and probably a tad unnerving to come home to see your underwear strewn about the house. So when this woman started finding their delicates on the floor around their home, they decided to investigate and figure out who was invading them privacy.
The woman's husband was probably also curious as to why their wife's underwear kept being taken out from their drawer, so the couple opted to secretly film the thief. They consequently set up a camera to point directly at the underwear drawer in question. And sure enough, the culprit showed up to nab another prize.
ADVERTISEMENT
Caught on tape red-handed, the thief can be seen deliberately reaching into the bottom drawer of a dresser and pulling out an item of pink underwear. And if that wasn't brazen enough, the burglar then sits down at the scene of the crime to examine the goods.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Back-to-school season might be a joyful time for exhausted parents everywhere, but it's not a cheap one.
In fact, a survey by the National Retail Federation revealed that families with kids in kindergarten through 12th grade planned to spend an average of $673 on clothes and school supplies last year. That amount was even higher — about $899 — for families with college students, according to the survey.
Here are eight tips to save on shopping while sending the kids off to school in style.
Shop every week, start early
Prices change throughout the back-to-school shopping season, and you never know when a certain item might go on sale. For bigger-ticket items that you know you need, Heather Schisler, founder of Passion For Savings, recommended shopping early to grab the best deals. Pay attention to store circulars to make sure you don't miss out on a discount. And know that for nonessential items, patience is OK.
“Don't run to the store and buy everything at once,” they said. “You'll end up paying more for each item.”
Hold off on generic supplies
You can typically wait to buy basic items like pens and notebooks. “Buy the more specific back-to-school items early to make sure you get what you need — for instance, a calculator or other supplies that need to be a particular brand or model,” said Jon Lal, founder and CEO of BeFrugal. “For more generic items like paper, pencils and folders, prices will typically drop at the last minute late in the season.”
Search for coupons
Whether you're standing in line at the checkout counter or filling your cart online, get in the habit of doing a quick search for coupons before purchasing. While you might not find a coupon to meet your needs, you could wind up cutting your bill for back-to-school supplies significantly, all because you typed a few words into a search engine.
Price matches cheap deals
Doorbuster back-to-school sales tend to limit the number of items a buyer can purchase. According to Schisler, whose site offers extensive back-to-school deals, you can price match a product at other office supply stores and even Walmart. Doing this increases the number of items you can get for those low prices.
Inventory your house first
Before taking your kids' school supply lists to the store, search your own home for items that could fit the bill. You might already have a number of the requisite products, such as pens and empty folders, in your home office.
Sell before you buy
While you're taking inventory of your home goods, it's wise to figure out what you can sell online through sites like eBay, Amazon or Craigslist. For example, you might have a filing cabinet or desk that no one's using. By freeing up space — and a few extra dollars in your budget — you can actually splurge on more school purchases later in the summer.
Buy in bulk with friends
Consider the items you can buy in bulk and opt to split these purchases among friends and neighbors. For example, goods like pens, pencils, paper, notebooks, brown paper bags, sandwich bags, tissues, markers and crayons all tend to be less expensive when purchased in large quantities.
Parents whose children are in the same classes or schools can pool their resources when shopping to save both time and money.
Leave the kids at home
If you're thinking of bringing your kids along for back-to-school shopping, you might want to reconsider.
“Now, I realize some parents like to take their kids back-to-school shopping, as it makes them feel a part of the process, but I'm here to tell you that it's typically not a good idea to haul them along, especially young kids,” said Kyle James, founder of Rather-Be-Shopping.com. “Kids are gonna throw off your money-saving mojo because they are going to want the expensive Hello Kitty backpack, and they are going to want the G.I. Joe pencils that cost five times what they should.
REUTERS: Vaccinating mothers against whooping cough during pregnancy may prevent 9 out of 10 severe cases of this potentially fatal respiratory infection in their babies, a U.S. study suggests.
The bacterium Bordetella pertussis causes whooping cough, which gets its nickname from the sounds patients make as they gasp for air during intense coughing fits. Pertussis is highly contagious and easily spread when an infected individual coughs or sneezes. About half of babies under age 1 who catch pertussis require hospitalization for serious complications like pneumonia or brain disorders.
For the study, researchers examined data on 251 infants who developed whooping cough before 2 months of age and a control group of 537 babies who didn't catch pertussis as newborns.
Overall, researchers estimate that giving pregnant women the Tdap booster vaccine for tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis prevented about 78 cases of whooping cough in their babies for every 100 mothers vaccinated. The vaccine effectiveness rate was 90 percent when researchers looked only at severe cases requiring hospitalization.
“Our evaluation adds to the growing body of evidence that vaccination during pregnancy is effective at protecting infants from whooping cough in the early months of life, a period when infants are more likely to have severe or even deadly whooping cough infections,” said lead study author Tami Skoff of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta.
Health officials in many countries recommend vaccination during pregnancy, as well as a series of three shots for infants starting sometime between ages 6 weeks and 3 months. Some countries also recommend that women get vaccinated during each pregnancy because effectiveness of the shot wanes over time.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In early 2013, the CDC recommended that all pregnant women get the Tdap shot, regardless of whether they previously had received this vaccine.
The study examined data collected from 2011 through 2014 in California, Connecticut, Minnesota, New Mexico, New York and Oregon. Researchers compared records on babies with whooping cough to records for similar babies who were born at the same hospital but didn't contract pertussis.
Most of the women who got vaccinated received their shots during the third trimester of pregnancy, and the vaccine was 78 percent effective at preventing whooping cough for their babies, the study team reports in Clinical Infectious Diseases.
When women got vaccinated in the second trimester, the vaccine was 64 percent effective.
When women got the vaccine at any point prior to pregnancy, the shot was 51 percent effective at preventing infant pertussis, the study also found.
One limitation of the study is that most women who got vaccinated received their shots around the same time, making it impossible to pinpoint meaningful differences in vaccine effectiveness based on when during pregnancy vaccination occurred, the authors note.
Even so, the study results suggest third-trimester vaccination is highly effective at preventing infections in babies too young to receive the vaccine, said Annette Regan, a public health researcher at Curtin University in Australia who wasn't involved in the study.
“We know that most women say they would accept a whooping cough vaccine if their health provider recommended it to them, but unfortunately we also know that clinicians do not always recommend vaccine to their patients,” Regan said by email.
“The results of this study really highlight why it's important for clinicians to recommend whooping cough vaccine to every expectant mother,” Regan added.
U.N. human rights experts urged China on Wednesday to release Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, and allow them to seek treatment for deteriorating health, including travelling abroad.
GENEVA: U.N. human rights experts urged China on Wednesday to release Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, and allow them to seek treatment for deteriorating health, including travelling abroad.
The appeal came nearly a year after Liu Xiaobo died of liver cancer on July 13, 2017 while in custody, having been jailed in 2009 for "inciting subversion of state power".
Advertisement
Liu Xia, an artist and poet who suffers from depression, has been under effective house arrest since their husband was awarded the prize in 2010. They have never been charged with any crime and was last seen in public at their funeral accompanied by Chinese authorities.
"We are disturbed by reports of the deteriorating health of Liu Xia.  They are reportedly physically restricted at an unknown location and suffers from severe psychological distress,” U.N.
independent experts on enforced disappearances, arbitrary detention, and human rights defenders said in a joint statement.
"We reiterate our call to the Chinese government to disclose their whereabouts and release her," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
China has repeatedly said Liu Xia is free and is accorded all rights guaranteed to them by Chinese law.
However, Beijing-based Western diplomats have said they have been closely monitored by Chinese authorities since their husband's death and has only been able to meet and speak to friends and family in pre-arranged phone calls and visits.
A friend who recently spoke to them by telephone said in May that they were losing hope of leaving the country.
In the past, Chinese dissidents have been allowed to leave the country and take up residence in a willing Western nation.
But President Xi Jinping, who came to power in 2013, has presided over a sweeping campaign to quash dissent throughout Chinese society, detaining hundreds of rights activists and lawyers, with dozens jailed.
The U.N. experts voiced alarm at "the growing trend of deaths in custody in China" - who have included activist Cao Shunli in 2014 and Tibetan monk Tenzin Delek Rinpoche in 2016.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, in a speech last month, accused China of preventing independent activists from testifying before U.N. rights bodies. They voiced concern that conditions were "fast deteriorating" in the autonomous regions of Tibet and Xinjiang.
"A number of Chinese human rights lawyers are in detention or simply disappeared," Alim Seytoff, director of the Uighur service at Radio Free Asia, said at a panel last week.
"The situation of freedom of expression of Uighurs in the northwest of China is even worse," they said.
China, responding to "unfounded accusations" by Western states at the U.N. Human Rights Council, said last week that it encourages activists but "does not allow any organisation or individual to engage in subversive or destabilising activities using the pretext of protecting rights or freedom of speech".
"Meanwhile, the government is cracking down on ethnic separatists and violent terrorists' activities to safeguard national security and protect people's lives and property," Chinese diplomat Jiang Yingfeng told the forum.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex on Wednesday rose by nearly 267 points to hit a near two-week high of 35,645.40 on bouts of buying towards the fag-end of the session, mainly in bank and auto shares, after the Centre hiked MSP for most kharif crops.
The benchmark index moved in a narrow range for the most part of the day due to weak global cues amid concerns related to trade tariff spat and macroeconomic conditions but the late buying in some key sector stocks helped the Sensex come out of range-bound trading.
Consistent buying by domestic institutional investors and encouraging services PMI data for June also helped in lifting trading sentiment.
In a major fillip to the farm sector, the government on Wednesday approved a steep hike in the minimum support price (MSP) of 14 kharif crops, which will cost the exchequer more than Rs 15,000 crore.
"After an insipid start, the market gained momentum on account of better auto sales and government's announcement of an increase in MSP. Rural income and spending power will increase due to higher minimum price and progressing monsoon which may result in higher demand for consumption-oriented stocks...," Vinod Nair, Head of Research, Geojit Financial Services Ltd, said.
Meanwhile, the services sector returned to growth during June and registered the fastest rate of expansion in a year, supported by a robust increase in new business orders, said a monthly survey.
The BSE 30-share Sensex started on a positive note at 35,385.52 and advanced to the day's high of 35,667.31 before ending at 35,645.40 -- a near two-week high -- up 266.80 points, or 0.75 percent.
The 30-share BSE gauge closed at 35,689.60 on 22 June, 2018.
The Sensex on Wednesday touched the day's low of 35,309.67.
It had gained 114.19 points in the previous session.
The NSE Nifty, after hitting a high of 10,777.15, closed at 10,769.90, up 70 points, or 0.65 percent. It touched a low of 10,677.75 intra-day.
Meanwhile, on a net basis, domestic institutional investors (DIIs) bought shares worth Rs 278.84 crore, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold equities worth Rs 1,043.31 crore yesterday, provisional data showed.
European markets fell at the start of trade, tracking weak global cues.
Major players in the paddy space such as Kohinoor Foods rose 12.96 percent, followed by LT Foods 7.01 percent and Chaman Lal Setia exports 2.27 percent.
Most fertilizer stocks also rose, led by Shiva Global Agro Industries surged 9.33 percent, followed by Coromandel Agro Products 4.88, Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore (FACT) 0.77 percent and Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilisers & Chemicals (GNFC) 1.68 percent.
Bajaj Auto was the top gainer in the Sensex pack, surging 3.95 percent followed by Maruti Suzuki at 2.69 percent.
Other gainers were: HDFC Ltd 2.09 percent, HUL 2.03 percent, RIL 1.90 percent, HDFC Bank 1.57 percent, IndusInd Bank 1.33 percent, Coal India 1.21 percent, Kotak Bank 1.05 percent, Sun Pharma 0.94 percent, M&M 0.69 percent, Axis Bank 0.59 percent, L&T 0.56 percent, Hero Motocorp 0.43 percent and Tata Steel 0.42 percent.
On the other hand, NTPC fell 1.64 percent, Vedanta 1.21 percent, ONGC 1.20 percent, Bharti Airtel 1.01 percent, Tata Motors 0.93 percent, Power Grid 0.81 percent, Adani Ports 0.63 percent, Yes Bank 0.39 percent, Infosys 0.38 percent, TCS 0.33 percent, ITC 0.26 percent, Wipro 0.23 percent and SBI 0.10 percent.
Sector-wise, auto index surged 1.31 percent, followed by energy by 1.03 percent, healthcare 0.80 percent, bankex 0.69 percent, FMCG 0.61 percent, capital goods 0.51 percent, realty 0.42 percent and oil & gas 0.09 percent.
However, the infrastructure index fell 0.64 percent, followed by IT 0.60 percent, teck 0.55 percent, power 0.54 percent, PSU 0.53 percent, consumer durables 0.51 percent and metal 0.03 percent.
The broader market displayed a mixed trend, the S&P BSE Small-Cap index up 0.38 percent while the mid-cap index inched down 0.17 percent.
In Asian regions, Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 1.06 percent, Shanghai Composite Index lost 1 percent and Japan's Nikkei ended 0.31 percent lower.
European stock markets also started lower with global trade concerns still hovering over markets, as China readies tariffs on the US and the EU looks at mustering big auto-making countries to agree on a new trade deal. Paris CAC shed 0.10 percent and Frankfurt's DAX traded lower by 0.20 percent in their early trade. London's FTSE too was down 0.30 percent.
It's Valentines Day, and that means big business for restaurants. But some couples are opting for something a little different- combining a date with an activity that gives back.
Kristen Manieri is a food and travel writer, and they run The Orlando Date Night Guide.
Manieri says a couple years ago they got an idea from a volunteer event at their kids' school: why not combine a date night with volunteering? Manieri says they hope Do Good Date Night serves as a gateway to volunteering for couples who give it a try.
“We're only volunteering for roughly 45 minutes by the time we say hello and show people what to do,” says Manieri.
“Yes we make a difference that night. We sorted 8,000 pounds of carrots on Friday night, so there is an impact. But the bigger impact is the gateway- this is a volunteer experience you could have again.”
Manieri joins Sasha Hausman of Second Harvest of Central Florida, and quizmaster Curtis Earth, who have both worked with Manieri on Do Good Date Nights, for a conversation about dates that give back.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
ADVERTISEMENT
As Adam Honeyman begins digging into the foundations of their home, they have no idea what he's about to come across. But with their trusty dog by their side, a simple excavation job suddenly becomes something far spookier. For as they dig into the dirt, a chilling object is unearthed. And soon, the police are racing to their home…
Adam Honeyman lives in Tasmania, Australia, with their family. And in February 2016 they realized that some renovations needed doing on their house, in order to reinforce its structural integrity. Luckily, Honeyman is no stranger to hard work and manual labor.
ADVERTISEMENT
Indeed, in their day-to-day life, Honeyman runs their own cafe, which they spent two years building before opening it to the public. But construction know how wasn't all that would be required of them that February day.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
If you love watching Bollywood movies, you'll agree half the fun is in the way each film is now built up on social media. Barely a week passes without a star sharing the first trailer, song or poster of their upcoming projects on their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter profiles.
Thanks to this new trend, we've been able to chalk up a calendar of every must-see movie coming up in 2017. There's something for everyone coming up this year: Raees for the Shah Rukh Khan fans, Ok Jaanu, Half Girlfriend and Badrinath Ki Dulhania for the romantics, Jagga Jasoos for the dreamers, Padmavati for the history buffs and so much more. By the looks of it, 2017 is going to be packed with blockbusters. Pick your favourites in our slideshow!
REUTERS: Former All Blacks and Harlequins fly-half Nick Evans has announced that they will retire from rugby at the end of the season.
Evans, who began their career at Otago as a full-back, made their test debut for New Zealand against England in 2004 and won a total of 16 caps, scoring 103 points. They last played for the All Blacks at the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
The 36-year-old joined English Premiership side Harlequins in 2008 and went on to make 206 appearances for the club, scoring a club record 2,217 points with 30 tries, 309 conversions, 476 penalties and seven drop goals.
"I thought leaving New Zealand was hard, but leaving the game I've played since I was eight years old, and professionally for 17 years, is tough," Evans said in a statement on Tuesday.
"I need to thank the clubs I have represented, the coaches - who have helped shape the player I am today - and the fans, both in New Zealand where it all started, and here in the UK, for their support.
"I couldn't think of a better shirt and place to finish my career at than Harlequins."
Evans scored 20 points against Leicester Tigers in the 2011-12 Premiership final to secure Harlequins' first league title. They also kicked a touchline conversion to win the Amlin Challenge Cup in 2011.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
LOS ANGELES: Communities across the United States are looking to replace their dirty diesel buses, ushering in what some analysts predict will be a boom in electric fleets. But transit agencies doing the buying are moving cautiously, an analysis by Reuters shows.
Out of more than 65,000 public buses plying U.S. roads today, just 300 are electric. Among the challenges: EVs are expensive, have limited range and are unproven on a mass scale.
A typical 40-foot electric bus costs around US$750,000, compared with about US$435,000 for a diesel bus. Cheaper fuel and maintenance expenses can lower the overall costs over the 12-year life of the vehicles. But those costs can widely depend on utility rates, terrain and weather.
The technology is still a gamble for many cities at a time when bus ridership is falling nationwide and officials are trying to keep a lid on fares, says Chris Stoddart, an executive at Canadian bus maker New Flyer Industries Inc. A top supplier of conventional buses to the U.S. market, the company has just a handful of pure battery electrics in service.
"People worry about being an early adopter. Remember 20 years ago someone paid US$20,000 for a plasma TV and then 10 years later it was US$900 at Best Buy," said Stoddart, senior vice president of engineering and customer service for New Flyer. "People just don't want a science project."
Rival electric bus manufacturers expect dramatic growth; the most ambitious forecasts call for all bus purchases to be electric by 2030.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But even green-energy advocates are skeptical of such rosy predictions. CALSTART, a California-based nonprofit that promotes clean transportation, figures 50 percent to 60 percent of new buses will be zero emissions by 2030. Market research firm Navigant Research expects electric buses to make up 27 percent of new U.S. bus sales by 2027.
NOT QUITE THERE YET
Transit agencies have found EV performance lags in extreme conditions. In environmentally friendly San Francisco, officials have resisted electrics over concerns about the city's famously steep hills.
"The technology isn't quite there yet," Erica Kato, a spokesperson for the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency, said in a statement.
Weather is also a major challenge.
An electric bus tested last year near Phoenix wilted in the summer heat due to the strains of running the air conditioning. The vehicle never achieved more than 89.9 miles on a charge, less than two-thirds of its advertised range, according to a report by the Valley Metro Regional Public Transportation Authority.
In Massachusetts, two agencies running small numbers of electric buses - the Pioneer Valley Transit Authority in Springfield and Worcester's Regional Transit Authority - say the vehicles weaken in extreme cold and snow. They have no plans to acquire additional EVs, officials at those agencies said.
Even places with successful pilots have downplayed expectations. Seattle's King County Metro transit agency soon will be operating more than a dozen vehicles by three manufacturers, according to Pete Melin, director of zero emission fleet technologies. The agency likes what it has seen so far.
Still, Melin said, high electricity rates from the local utility at peak demand periods are a concern. And the lack of a uniform charging system among bus makers has complicated Seattle's goal of running an all-electric fleet by 2034.
"We have caveats to becoming zero emissions," Melin said in an interview. Another worry is government funding. Federal money for bus purchases is about 25 percent lower than it was five years ago, according to Rob Healy, vice president of government affairs for the American Public Transportation Association.
An Obama-era program that sets aside US$55 million a year in grants to help transit agencies purchase clean buses will expire in 2020 if not renewed by Congress.
THE EV BUS HEAVYWEIGHTS
In addition to New Flyer, the fledgling U.S. electric bus industry has two other major players: Chinese automaker BYD, which is backed by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc; and Silicon Valley startup Proterra Inc.
BYD and Proterra began selling electric buses into the U.S. market several years ago, and have 165 and 126 vehicles on the road today, respectively.
Both are ramping up U.S. manufacturing on expectations that EVs will account for nearly all new bus sales in a little over a decade. BYD has a plant in Lancaster, California, while Proterra has manufacturing facilities in City of Industry, California and Greenville, South Carolina.
Buffett paid US$230 million for a 10 percent stake in BYD in 2008. Today the company has a market capitalization of US$25 billion, thanks mainly to China's aggressive move to electrify transportation. More than 15 percent of the 608,600 buses in China are pure electric, according to government data.
Proterra investors include venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and the venture capital arm of General Motors Co. Proterra, based in Burlingame, California, is planning an initial public offering, but would not give a timeline for the debut.
Chief Executive Ryan Popple said range is improving quickly. The company is currently shipping models with up to 350 miles of range, but new battery technology is expected to boost that by nearly 30 percent.
“We're starting to outstrip the market requirement in terms of what city buses actually do,” Popple said. "It opens up new markets for us."
Notably, Proterra's growth should also lift the fortunes of U.S. wind blade maker TPI Composites Inc, which struck a deal to build up to 3,350 lightweight bus bodies for the EV bus maker over the next five years. Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov estimated the deal could account for 12 percent of Scottsdale, Arizona-based TPI's revenue in 2019.
Winnipeg-based New Flyer, meanwhile, has won some big orders, including a deal to supply up to 100 electric buses to Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Still, company executives view electrification as a gradual transformation.
“It's going to be a slow, methodical rather than an absolute disruption type environment," CEO Paul Soubry said on a conference call with analysts last month.
WORKING WELL, WITH TRADE-OFFS
Despite the technology's limitations, some U.S. transit agencies are hitting the accelerator on their electric conversions.
IndyGo, which serves greater Indianapolis, has struck a deal with BYD to purchase 31 electric buses, with the option to add dozens more, in addition to the 21 already in its fleet, according to an IndyGo board of directors meeting report from July.
Agency spokesperson Bryan Luellen said the EVs have reduced fuel and maintenance costs by up to half compared to conventional buses.
Foothill Transit, in Southern California, has been operating Proterra buses since 2010. It now has 17 in its fleet, with 13 more scheduled to arrive before the end of the year, according to spokesperson Felicia Friesema.
Still, both agencies acknowledged trade-offs due to the limited range of these vehicles. Foothill has mainly confined its electric buses to a short 16-mile route.
The Indianapolis EVs run primarily during the morning and evening rush hours, not all day long like the diesel workhorses that remain the mainstay of the fleet.
Still, IndyGo's Luellen figures the best is yet to come.
"With battery technology evolving rapidly we think it's a big opportunity for us to maximize our budget and do more," they said.
(Reporting by Nichola Groom; Editing by Sue Horton and Marla Dickerson)
PARIS: Local authorities in France confirmed on Monday an outbreak of severe bird flu in the Deux-Sevres administrative department in the west of the country, an area previously unaffected by a recent spate of bird flu cases.
Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of H5N8 avian influenza among backyard birds and at a poultry farm in two rural districts near the western town of Niort, the Deux-Sevres prefecture said in a statement.
The H5N8 strain of the disease is highly contagious among birds and has spread in a number of European countries since late last year. It is not known to be contagious for humans.
France has already confirmed more than 80 cases of H5N8 bird flu among domestic poultry, but these have been in southwestern areas far from the latest outbreaks.
The country, which is has the largest poultry flock in the European Union, was already affected by a severe bird flu episode a year ago in the southwest that led the authorities to suspend duck and goose breeding in the region known for production of foie gras liver pate.
Different strains of bird flu have also spread in Asia in recent weeks, leading to the slaughtering of millions of birds in South Korea and Japan and several human infections in China.
(Reporting by Gus Trompiz; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
Spanish lawmakers on Wednesday reaffirmed their confidence in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as they voted down a no-confidence motion brought by the anti-austerity Podemos party.
MADRID: Spanish lawmakers on Wednesday voted down a no-confidence motion in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy brought by the anti-austerity Podemos party.
The motion had not been expected to garner the majority of votes needed to oust Rajoy given the Socialists had said they would abstain and the liberal Ciudadanos and other smaller regional parties had said they would vote against the proposal.
But the move from Podemos was primarily aimed at portraying the party as leader of the opposition to the centre-right government at a time when the Socialists have just picked a new leader and are struggling with falling support, analysts say.
"We are on the right track to build up an alternative majority," Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias said after the vote.
"Today, we are one step closer to removing the People's Party from the institutions."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The motion was rejected with 170 votes against, 82 votes for and 97 abstentions, roughly in line with the breakdown when Rajoy was voted in as prime minister last year, showing there has been no change in the balance of power in parliament.
Rajoy, who has secured support for the budget and obtained as a result at least two years of stability, said they were satisfied with the outcome of the vote.
"It has been rejected by a wide majority and this means we will be able to keep working," they told journalists.
(Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Julien Toyer and Alison Williams)
Good morning, and welcome to the Essential California newsletter. It's Monday, Dec. 11, and here's what's happening across California:
TOP STORIES
The fires continue to burn
The Thomas fire raged with a new force through the weekend, expanding from Ventura County and crossing into Santa Barbara County to threaten Carpinteria and Montecito. Some of this beautiful landscape known for vineyards and beach views was subsumed in a mushroom cloud. “This region is the landscape of dreams, or so the mythology goes,” writes Times reporter Thomas Curwen. “Newcomers arrive. They raise the roof beam high over the simplest foundations and pass on to a new generation the hope that they too might believe in this sun-drenched paradise. Time, however, has cast a shadow on this pact, and it sometimes feels like a distant romance. Yet glimpses of it can still be seen, as the fires of this last week have shown.” Los Angeles Times
Here's what we know:
-- Parts of the coastal communities of Carpinteria and Montecito were evacuated as the Thomas fire grew and created new challenges for the exhausted fire crews. Authorities said the out-of-control blaze had scorched 230,000 acres by Sunday evening, making it the fifth-largest wildfire in modern California history. Los Angeles Times
-- Firefighters made progress Sunday in battling destructive fires in northern San Diego as well as in Los Angeles, but the prospect of high winds has unnerved some. Los Angeles Times
-- As California burns, Congress is planning to limit taxpayers' ability to write off losses from future wildfires and other disasters. Los Angeles Times
-- A day of sifting through the ashes on a street hit hard by the Lilac fire in San Diego County. Los Angeles Times
-- On Saturday, Gov. Jerry Brown surveyed the devastation in Ventura — the area the hardest hit by firestorms that have displaced nearly 90,000 people in Southern California — calling it “the new normal.” Los Angeles Times
--Track the key details on Southern California's fires. Los Angeles Times
A real estate gold rush in South L.A.
“A housing affordability crisis can change minds, though, and reverse trends,” writes columnist Steve Lopez, after spending some time seeking out the real estate gold rush in Compton, Watts and South L.A. “Real estate broker Julio Ruiz said their strategy is to stay ‘one step ahead of gentrification.' The Olympics are returning in 2028, and the city will want to keep the area around USC cleaned up while knocking down crime, they said. So that's a solid investment area. So is anything near transit, existing or proposed. The new soccer facility near USC will bring up values. The Rams will lift Inglewood.” Los Angeles Times
L.A. STORIES
Where it all began: In their recently released book, Times music reporter Gerrick D. Kennedy traces the origins of the group that birthed the first major disruption of hip-hop during the genre's infancy. Ice Cube once said, “Everything in the world came after this group.” In this exclusive excerpt of “Parental Discretion Is Advised,” Kennedy details the brash arrival of N.W.A. Los Angeles Times
On the horizon: The Weingart Center, one of skid row's large shelter operators, is planning to change the area's skyline by erecting a homeless housing high-rise on a parking lot. Los Angeles Times
Great story: Leo Baeck Temple in Bel-Air had to hurriedly evacuate its Torahs last week as the Skirball fire inched closer. Luckily, an Encino synagogue was there to help. Orange County Register
POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT
The ramifications: How the GOP's plans would affect the tax returns of a grad student, a single renter, married renters and middle-class homeowners. Los Angeles Times
No school, no food: When L.A. Unified closed 265 schools because of fires, meals were sacrificed as well as academics. About 80% of district students are from low-income families, and many depend on schools for breakfast, lunch and — in some cases — dinner. The district responded by designating three schools as areas where students and families could pick up food. Los Angeles Times
The interview: “When it comes to climate change, California Governor Jerry Brown says President Trump doesn't have the fear of the wrath of God.” 60 Minutes
What to do? California's record-smashing fire season is sparking a hunt for ways to mitigate a problem that will likely only get worse as a result of climate change. San Francisco Chronicle
Last-minute places are set to be available at some of the UK's top universities this week, with some actively recruiting students.
Figures show that as of today, two thirds of Russell Group universities, considered among the best in the UK, were advertising courses on the Ucas clearing website.
In total, the site shows that there were around 4,700 undergraduates courses at these institutions with available places for English students.
A number of leading universities are encouraging students to consider studying with them, and even pre-register ahead of A-level results day on Thursday, when sixth-formers across England, Wales and Northern Ireland will receive their grades and learn if they have secured a hoped-for spot on their chosen degree course.
Many are aiming to recruit students who perform better than expected in their exams and want to "trade" to a different university through the annual process known as adjustment, or those who simply want to change their course or university.
Ucas figures show that overall, around 890 applicants found places through adjustment last year, while around 50,000 were placed through the main clearing scheme.
Clearing is the annual process that matches students without places, for example those that did not meet their required grades, with available courses.
Sheffield University is running a campaign this summer which it said aims to " challenging the old perceptions around clearing" and tell high-performing students that if they do better than expected that they can switch to study at the institution.
Liz Hunt, Sheffield's head of admissions said: " The University of Sheffield is looking to recruit high quality students through adjustment and clearing this year and wants to ensure that students who achieve better grades than expected, students who applied late, and students who may have changed their mind about the course they wish to study, are aware that Sheffield is an option for them."
They added that students can register in advance of A-level results day to express their interest in courses, and those that do so, and achieve the required grades will be given priority consideration if places are available.
Cardiff University has been using Twitter to promote its places, using the social media site to encourage students to plan ahead for results day, view its vacancies and register for update.
According to the Ucas clearing site, Sheffield currently has available places for students in England on 381 undergraduate courses, and Cardiff has 366.
The 16 Russell Group universities showing undergraduate courses with availability for English students are Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Exeter, Glasgow, King's College London, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle, Queen Mary (University of London), Queen's University Belfast, Sheffield, Southampton, Warwick and York.
There is now no cap on student numbers which makes it easier for institutions to recruit more applicants if they want to.
The number of would-be students applying to university this autumn has fallen, according to Ucas statistics.
Overall, 649,700 people had applied by June 30, the last deadline for applications, down around 4% (down 25,190) compared with this point last year.
Those applying after the end of June do so through clearing.
A breakdown shows a 4% decrease in UK applicants, while the number of EU students planning to study at a UK university or college has fallen by 5%.
There has been a 2% rise in international students from countries outside the EU.
The statistics do show that the proportion of 18-year-olds in England applying to universities has reached a new high, with 37.9% planning to study for a degree, up from 37.2% in 2016.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 (APP):The Editorial Board of the leading American newspaper the New York Times said on Sunday that anti-Muslim rhetoric and unprovoked attacks on Muslims have risen alarmingly under the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
In an editorial titled “Hate Smears India's Symbol of Love, the Taj Mahal”, the NYT Editorial Board said the Hindu extremists have become a driving force in India who are so obsessed with demonizing Muslims that they are even discrediting the Taj Mahal, built by a Muslim Mughal Emperor.
The Taj Mahal was built by Shah Jahan as tomb to show their love for their wife Mumtaz Mahal and is considered as one of the wonders of the world and is a magnificent symbol of enduring love. According to the board, Taj Mahal is perhaps India's greatest cultural treasure and pre-eminent tourist attraction.
It attracts millions of tourists to this marvel which is carved with marble inscribed with verses from the Holy Quran. The Board said that it is this inscription of verses of the Holy Quran which is “exactly what the Hindu right finds so galling”.
In October, it was noticed that the Taj Mahal was omitted from the tourism brochure of the state of Uttar Pradesh, where the monument is located in the city of Agra. The UP is headed by the firebrand Hindu cleric Yogi Adityanath.
“Sangeet Som, a member of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party, railed that the Taj Mahal was “a blot on Indian culture” built by “traitors.” And Mr. Som's party colleague Vinay Katiyar blustered, completely unglued from historical fact, that the Taj Mahal was actually “Tejo Mahal, Lord Shiva's temple,” referring to the Hindu god.”
Taj Mahal was restored on the brochure, following a visit of Mr. Adityanath to the site after they sensed that it would destroy the state's tourism revenue. Although, they resolved the problem and restored the Taj Mahal on the brochure, they grudgingly stated that the tomb was important because it “was built by the blood and sweat of Indian laborers”.
“Anti-Muslim rhetoric and unprovoked physical attacks on Muslims have risen alarmingly under the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party, and Hindu hard-liners speak more and more boldly of an India where Muslim citizens are, if not hated enemies, mere guests who live at the sufferance of Hindus,” the NYT Editorial Board wrote in the editorial.
The editorial said that the past Wednesday was the 25th anniversary of the demolition of the 16th century Babri Mosque in Ayodhya by Hindu fanatics who claimed that it was built on the site of a Hindu temple.
“Subsequent rioting between Hindus and Muslims, which killed more than 2,000 people by some estimates, is a reminder of what Hindu zealotry can wreak,” the editorial said. India's Supreme Court last week began hearing on the fate of the site where Hindu hardliners vow they will rebuild a Hindu temple on the site of the ruined mosque.
“In this disturbing context, preserving the Taj Mahal is important, not only as a testament to the glories of India's syncretic past, but also as a pledge to an inclusive future,” the editorial concluded.
By Mimi Wood, Island Eye Staff Writer
The America's Cup. A sailboat race. Super prestigious. Beyond that…once every other year? Once every four years? Between who? The prize?
Although nearly everyone has heard of it, it's tough to find someone who knows much more than…a sailboat race.
Sullivan's Island resident Gavin Parker can tell you about it. “I started sailing ‘big boats' with my dad when I was two,” states Parker, now 13. He's one of only eight sailors from the United States who qualified for the AC35 Endeavour O'Pen, a junior regatta held in conjunction with the upcoming America's Cup race, June 15-18.
Parker races an O'Pen Bic, a zippy nine-foot, single-sail boat that doesn't appear to be much larger than a kite board.
They command their boat, its sail, their body and the wind with the concentration and fluidity of a maestro conducting an orchestra.
Parker's ability to read the wind is perhaps what sets them apart from their fellow sailors, with whom they practice and competes, according to Naomi Van Den Berg, a local sailing coach.  They are “focused, and figures out what the wind is really doing,” they observe.
The America's Cup, named after a yacht, touts itself as the oldest trophy in international sport. The initial race was held as a competition during the Great Exposition of 1851, in England, when the New York Yacht Club's schooner, America, bested the Royal Yacht Squadron around the Isle of Wight, with Queen Victoria in attendance as a spectator.
“This was more than a simple boat race however, as it symbolized a great victory for the new world over the old, a triumph that unseated Great Britain as the world's undisputed maritime power,” states the America's Cup website.
Wait…what? Even Wikipedia knows that our maritime prowess was established on Sullivan's Island on June 28, 1776, as American defenses “wrought significant damage on the British fleet”, in the first decisive victory of the American Revolution.
Other fun facts: the America's Cup is a race between only two sailboats; it was established to promote friendly competition between nations; it pre-dates the modern Olympics by 45 years; it's raced whenever the yacht club holding the trophy, currently Oracle Team USA, is issued a challenge from a competing yacht club. The type of vessel sailed has varied over the years; the upcoming 35th America's Cup match will be sailed in 50 ft the upcoming 35th America's Cup match will be sailed in 50 ft foiling catamarans, twin-hulled boats described as having winglike ‘foils' attached under the hulls, to increase speed.
Sir Thomas Lipton, an avid participant in the early 1900's, is credited with the introduction of product sponsorship in sporting events, which helped establish their eponymous tea company.
Final trivia: from 1928 until 1987, the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company named their blimps after the America's Cup winners, as the blimps were reminiscent of yachts in the sky.
Parker, solo-sailing at 6 before they could read, is hoping their participation in The Endeavour O'Pen will enhance their nautical resume. With this race he's achieving one of their dreams: sailing in Bermuda. Their sights are next set on Brazil, “for the fun and the beauty” they find on the water.
Parker embarks for Bermuda on June 12, where they will be competing with 31 other sailors aged 15 and under, from 11 different nations. Their final race will take approximately 45 minutes, sailing buoy to buoy, in Bermuda's iconic Great Sound. It will be broadcast as the “half-time” event on NBC Sports, in-between Race #1 and #2 of the America's Cup Finals on Saturday, June 17.
Washington: Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time they are pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, US officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, US officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of fewer than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the United States will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
In the long term, the US military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces.”
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The US has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
The US State Department said it had briefed Russian and Chinese officials on the review.
Responding to Russia
US officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 km. The report also, for the first time publicly, said Russia was developing a hypersonic, nuclear-powered undersea torpedo.
“The US is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” they said.
The document argues that by developing US nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the US threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the US stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire it.
Thiruvananthapuram: Senior Congress leader Ramesh Chennithala on Wednesday sent a letter to former president Pranab Mukherjee requesting them to refrain from attending a RSS function at Nagpur on 7 June.
Mukherjee, who has been a Congress veteran, has been invited to be the chief guest at the valedictory function of Sangh Shiksha Varg — a training camp for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh volunteers — at the RSS headquarters.
The leader's request comes amid a raging debate over Mukherjee accepting the invite from the RSS to attend the event.
In the letter, Chennithala, also a leader of the opposition in the state Assembly, said Mukherjee's decision to attend the function had come as a "rude shock" to secular minds of the country.
They alleged that RSS has been trying to divide the country on religious lines and to run the incumbent government by remote control.
"Being one of the tallest leaders of the great Indian National Congress, which has been responsible for preserving the secular fabric of this country, your decision has invited unparalleled disgruntlement among the rank and file of the Congress Party," the letter said.
"As a person who has served as the first citizen of our country and the greatest ambassador of secularism, I request you to reconsider your decision to attend the RSS meet on 7 June,2018," it said.
Describing RSS as a 'communal outfit', the Congress leader said its vision of creating "Hindu Rashtra" comprising only one section of the population is in sharp contrast with the Congress ideology of secularism and democracy.
They alleged that the RSS had been using "unholy means" to rewrite the history of the great freedom movement and "demean" the contributions made by leaders of the Indian National Congress.
"They have also weakened all democratic institutions in our country by instigating the venom of communalism," the leader charged.
A massive corn maze in eastern Iowa is spreading an anti-bullying message to school students this fall.
Bloomsbury Farm in Benton County has a corn maze that spans 10 acres with an anti-bullying sign planted in the middle.
Jessica Petersen, whose parents own the farm, told KCRG-TV that they came up with the anti-bullying theme with their mother.
“I believe that the environment that you're in and what you're exposed to can really teach people a message, we do have a lot of school tours out here each year so, just like having kids read them and just like get the message to them to be kind,” Petersen said.
An aerial view of the corn maze show the word “Bully” spelled out in the corn stalks – with a diagonal slash through the word. Kids and adults can get lost in the giant maze and, along the way, read messages about stopping bullying. There are also other signs and benches located around the farm with anti-bullying pictures.
Bloomsbury Farm near Atkins is open now until October 31. The hours of operation at 9 a.m to 6 p.m. Monday – Saturday and Sundays from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
HAMBURG: About 22,000 turkeys are to be culled after suspect cases of bird flu were found on two more German farms in the major German poultry production region of Lower Saxony, authorities said on Monday.
It is not yet known if the cases involve the contagious H5N8 flu strain but the birds will be culled as a precaution, the local government authority in Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony said.
Around 90,000 turkeys, chickens and ducks were also culled last week after the H5N8 strain was confirmed on farms in Lower Saxony while 16,000 turkeys were culled on a farm with the H5N8 strain in the neighboring state of North Rhine Westfalia.
The contagious H5N8 strain has been found in more than 500 wild birds in Germany in recent weeks. Outbreaks on farms have been rare after the government introduced tough sanitary rules to prevent infection by wild birds including orders to keep poultry indoors in high-risk regions.
A series of European countries and Israel have found cases of H5N8 bird flu in the past few weeks and some ordered poultry flocks be kept indoors to prevent the disease spreading. France has widened high risk restrictions to the entire country after the detection of several cases of the H5N8 strain.
A case was also found in the Irish Republic last week.
(Reporting by Michael Hogan, editing by Louise Heavens)
BAGHDAD: At least 10 people were killed and 35 wounded by a car bomb in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, police and medical sources said.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack but Islamic State regularly targets civilian areas in the heavily fortified capital, even after losing most of the northern and western territory it seized in 2014.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven police officers dead.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State from the northern city of Mosul, the militants' last major stronghold in the country, but are facing fierce resistance.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for Islamic State's self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Since the offensive began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group would be driven out of the country by April.
(Reporting by Kareem Raheem in Baghdad and Ghazwan Hassan in Tikrit; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE This Is My Town promo 2 USA Today Network Louisiana
LHSAA logo (Photo: Submitted photo)
If a player or team is not on the list, contact lgafford@thetowntalk.com or alexlnewell@gmail.com with weekly performances and season totals to date.
SEASON
RUSHING
102-785, Shacori Collier, Many, 13 TDs
135-742, Austin Daily, Buckeye, 12 TDs
147-690, Miliak Hayward, Oakdale, 6 TDs
82-681, AJ Carter, Many, 9 TDs
85-670, Myron Robertson, Avoyelles, 8 TDs
111-594, Seth Shirley, Rosepine, 8 TDs
46-577, Jaylan Mays, Bunkie, 7 TDs
61-561, Trelon Jones, Jena, 9 TDs
83-554, Tory Carman, Buckeye, 6 TDs
70-542, Terrence Garnett, Bolton, 2 TDs
PASSING
1,458, Cam Bates, Pineville, 109-205-6, 15 TDs
974, Chris Vargas, Leesville, 68-118-8, 9 TDs
878, Aaron Howell, St. Mary's, 45-70-1, 14 TDs
807, Ben Hesni, Alexandria, 60-124-10, 9 TDs
783, Logan Graves, Montgomery, 55-122-6, 7 TDs
763, Blake McGehee, Tioga, 56-106-3, 3 TDs
RECEIVING
36-617, John Joseph, Pineville, 6 TDs
20-601, Jacob Martin, Northwood-Lena, 5 TDs
30-475, Jorien Vallien, Alexandria, 8 TDs
19-461, Bailey Shelton, St. Mary's, 6 TDs
18-319, Andrew Croker, Leesville, 5 TDs
17-285, Mikel Auge, Montgomery, 3 TDs
17-275, McKenzie Jackson, Leesville, 2 TDs
15-262, Troy Hall, Pineville, 3 TDs
16-251, Ethan Christman, Tioga
20-229, Jacob Sylvia, Pineville, 2 TDs
SCORING
82, Austin Daily, Buckeye, 13 TDs and 2 2-pt PATs
80, Trelon Jones, Jena, 12 TDs and 4 2-pt PATs
78, Shacori Collier, Many, 13 TDs
78, Bailey Shelton, St. Mary's, 12 TDs and 3 2-pt PATs
68, Myron Robertson, Avoyelles, 10 TDs and 4 2-pt PATs
58, Aaron Howell, St. Mary's, 9 TDs and 2 2-pt PATs
56, AJ Carter, Many, 9 TDs and 1 2-pt PAT
54, Chico Savage, Jena, 9 TDs
50, Mikel Auge, Montgomery, 8 TDs and 1 2-pt PAT
48, Jorien Vallien, Alexandria, 8 TDs
48, John Joseph, Pineville, 8 TDs
SINGLE-GAME
RUSHING
16-413, Jaylan Mays, Bunkie, 5 TDs vs. Grant, Sept. 29
18-267, Ro'Dara Ellis, Grant, 3 TDs vs. Montgomery, Sept. 1
37-261, Blade Beaubouef, LaSalle, 3 TDs vs. Montgomery, Sept. 22
29-257, Shacori Collier, Many, 5 TDs vs. Carroll, Sept. 29
35-256, Miliak Hayward, Oakdale, 2 TDs vs. Oberlin, Sept. 14
16-227, Myron Robertson, Avoyelles, 4 TDs vs. Menard, Sept. 15
20-214, Deante Lacour, Grant, 2 TDs vs. Montgomery, Sept. 1
10-197, Matthew Nelson, St. Mary's, 2 TDs vs. Winnfield, Sept. 8
36-192, Austin Daily, Buckeye, 2 TDs vs. Caldwell Parish, Sept. 22
15-191, AJ Carter, 4 TDs vs. Marksville, Sept. 8
PASSING
413, Jack Martin, Northwood-Lena, 12-31-1, 5 TDs vs. Centerville, Sept. 2
405, Cam Bates, Pineville, 26-46-0, 4 TDs vs. Leesville, Sept. 22
351, Logan Graves, Montgomery, 20-34-0, 5 TDs vs. Grant, Sept. 1
320, Aaron Howell, St. Mary's, 15-25-1, 3 TDs vs. North Caddo, Sept. 15
318, Chris Vargas, Leesville, 22-41-3, vs. Rayne, Sept. 29
316, Cam Bates, Pineville, 24-50-0, 3 TDs vs. West Ouachita, Sept. 15
282, Ben Hesni, Alexandria, 12-27-1, 2 TDs vs. Benton, Sept. 8
280, Cam Bates, Pineville, 21-36-2, 2 TDs vs. Southwood, Sept. 1
275, Cameron Kerik, Northwood-Lena, 16-24-2, 3 TDs vs. University Academy, Sept. 29
258, Talon Bowens, Peabody, 8-19-1, 3 TDs vs. Pineville, Sept. 8
RECEIVING
8-293, Jacob Martin, Northwood-Lena, 5 TDs vs. Centerville, Sept. 2
6-236, Jorian Vallien, Alexandria, 2 TDs vs. Benton, Sept. 8
9-222, John Joseph, Pineville, 3 TDs vs. Leesville, Sept. 22
5-208, Thomas Miles, Peabody, 2 TDs vs. Pineville, Sept. 1
5-162, Jacob Martin, Northwood-Lena, vs. University Academy, Sept. 29
9-159, Kamron Sykes, University Academy, TD vs. East Iberville, Sept. 15
8-158, John Joseph, Pineville, TD vs. Tioga, Sept. 29
5-158, Troy Hall, Pineville, 2 TDs vs. West Ouachita, Sept. 15
6-144, Andrew Croker, Leesville, TD vs. Rayne, Sept. 29
10-140, John Joseph, Pineville, 2 TDs vs. Peabody, Sept. 8
SCORING
32, Myron Robertson, Avoyelles, 5 TDs and 1 2-pt PAT vs. Menard, Sept. 15
30, Jaylan Mays, Bunkie, 5 TDs vs. Grant, Sept. 29
30, Shacori Collier, Many, 5 TDs vs. Carroll, Sept. 29
30, Trelon Jones, Jena, 4 TDs and 3 2-pt PATs vs. Grant, Sept. 22
30, Jacob Martin, Northwood-Lena, 5 TDs vs. Centreville, Sept. 1
26, Andrew Croker, Leesville, 4 TDs and 1 2-pt PAT vs. Pineville, Sept. 22
24, Seth Shirley, Rosepine, 4 TDs, Sept. 29
24, Austin Daily, Buckeye, 4 TDs vs. Bolton, Sept. 29
24, Michael Orphey, Alexandria, 4 TDs vs. Red River, Sept. 22
24, John Joseph, Pineville, 4 TDs vs. Leesville, Sept. 22
24, Mikel Auge, Montgomery, 4 TDs vs. Lakeview, Sept. 15
WHITE BEAR LAKE, Minn. (AP)  Prosecutors say a Minnesota man lived in their house with the decomposing bodies of their mother and twin brother for about a year.
Sixty-year-old Robert James Kuefler of White Bear Lake is charged with interference with a dead body or scene of death because they neglected to tell authorities they died of natural causes, according to the St. Paul Pioneer Press .
The bodies were found last year. Kuefler was charged this week. Police say they told them their mother, 94-year-old Evelyn Kuefler, died in August 2015 and their brother, Richard Kuefler, died before that and they couldn't bring themselves to bury them.
The complaint says their mother's body was decayed and skeletal and their brother's body was "mummified."
Advertisement
Robert Kuefler didn't return a message left by The Associated Press.
___
Information from: St. Paul Pioneer Press, http://www.twincities.com
One expert discusses the limitation and factors affecting the slow growth of adoption of electric vehicles.
SINGAPORE: By almost any measure, China leads the world in road transport electrification.
It makes more, buys more and, with 75 different models available in 2017, offers consumers a wider choice of electric vehicles (EVs) than any other country.
Elsewhere in Asia, Singapore launched its first electric vehicle sharing service in December 2017 with 80 cars and 30 charging stations.
By 2020, the goal is to have 1,000 of such green cars, along with 500 charging locations offering 2,000 charging points – making BlueSG the second-largest electric-car sharing programme in the world.
The service was launched by BlueSG, a subsidiary of France's Bolloré Group that runs the world's largest electric car sharing service Autolib in Paris.
It's easy to get carried away with the hype surrounding electric vehicles (EVs).
Advertisement
Advertisement
But while sales of battery-powered cars may be surging, the technology is still in its infancy and batteries are by no means the only low-carbon solution for global mobility.
What's clear however, is that understanding the changing face of transport in whatever form it takes is one of the big challenges facing the energy and commodities industries.
That said, it's too early to think about the demise of fossil fuels just yet.
A BlueSG electric car-sharing vehicle is parked at a charging station in a public housing estate in Singapore December 12, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
MULTIPLE DRIVING FACTORS
For one, three years of low oil prices have stimulated strong car sales, while growing urbanisation and a buoyant global economy have boosted demand in various forms of transportation globally.
These point to strong “demand stickiness” for fossil fuels in the near term which many commentators have failed to factor in when considering the future trajectory for oil demand.
About two-thirds of oil consumption comes from transportation, with 40 per cent of that demand coming from cars. In the passenger vehicle sector, all the hype is around EVs, but despite 55 per cent growth of EV sales globally last year, overall sales amount to less than 2 per cent of new car sales, and less than 0.2 per cent of the total fleet.
Today's 3 million EVs displace less than around 60,000 barrels per day, or less than 0.06 per cent of total global demand.
Second, the growth of EVs in global markets such as Europe is driven by subsidies and policies designed to push consumers into battery-powered transport, especially in urban areas.
Similarly, in Asia, government incentives have turned China into the biggest manufacturer and market for electric vehicles, while most electric cars in Singapore qualify for a S$30,000 rebate on the main car tax.
Yet, subsidies have their limitations. They hit the treasury coffers twice (cost of subsidies and loss of fuels duty revenue) and their swift removal has seen an equally swift decline in sales. How the market for this emerging form of passenger transport will hold up once these incentives are removed is uncertain.
Finally, consumer behavior will be driven in part by policy and technology, which will influence the relative cost of transportation options – both upfront capital costs and fuel costs.
But there also will be a reciprocal impact on policy and technology by consumer concerns and preferences regarding performance, storage space, refueling time and uncertainty, and other driving amenities.
Electric vehicles may also see uplift from being perceived as “next generation transport”. Consumer comfort with autonomous vehicles, car and ride-sharing may play a role in the longer term and future generations may take a different view on the importance of car ownership.
READ: A commentary on whether driverless cars will drive down car insurance premiums.
A safety driver sits in a moving driverless car during a public trial run by Southeast Asia's leading ride-hailing firm Grab in Singapore in 2016. (Photo: AFP/Roslan Rahman)
In Singapore, there is still a long way to go before there is significant adoption of electric vehicles.
As at the end of last year, there were 520 such cars in Singapore, a sharp increase of 380 per cent from only 137 at the close of 2016. But such cars still make up only a tiny proportion of cars on the road here.
Factors affecting adoption rate include the lack of charging stations across the island and a highly stringent Vehicular Emissions Scheme.
Under the scheme, only full-electric cars – which are costlier and in limited supply – will qualify for the top-tier rebate of S$20,000, causing traders to appeal for a revision.
FUTURE SHIFTS IN TRANSPORT, FUELS
S&P Global Platts Analytics' projections are that oil production will have to increase from around 100 million barrels a day today to just under 125 million barrels in 2040 in the “most likely” reference case to meet rising demand from transport.
Like any disruptive technology, there will be winners and losers in the drive for more fuel-efficient internal combustion engines, or the development of cheaper and more usable EVs.
Big oil companies are already adapting fast by investing heavily into the production of cleaner transportation fuels, such as liquefied natural gas, and by installing charging points into their service station networks. Some are going a step further by investing in power generation and distribution.
But we should recognise that EVs are also not the only low-carbon solution for future mobility. Autonomous vehicles could transform the traditional model of car ownership, while hydrogen may eventually provide another alternative fuel, especially for larger commercial vehicles.
Chris Midgley is the head of Analytics for S&P Global Platts.
LANSING, Mich. (WOOD) — After a two-week period for district work and some time off for the Easter holiday, Michigan lawmakers head back to Lansing this week.
The new legislature got off to a bit of a shaky start this year when a bill to roll back income taxes, which was favored by majority Republican leadership, failed. But now the budget process is front and center and sure to occupy legislators' attention.
When asked if the first quarter had been average, below average or above average, state Rep. Holly Hughes replied, “somewhere in the middle.”
“I think it's really going to heat up now that we're keying in on the budget,” the Republican from Montague continued. “We're going to be done by the end of May or the first week of June, as we have been for the last six years, so you're going to see things rolling a little harder here.”
Rep. David LaGrand, a Democrat from Grand Rapids, pointed out the other party's rocky start when asked for their assessment.
“I think what we've seen at the federal level is sort of what we've seen at the state level, which is some real division inside the Republicans and that, from a Democratic standpoint, is not all that bad,” they said. “So there are some moderate Republicans who are, I think, fiscal conservatives who really balked at slashing our income tax revenues without any clear plan as to how you deal with that in a budgetary process.”
Both members agreed the budget will be the real focus in the next six weeks, with a lot of work still to be done to meet that late May early June deadline.
The Senate will be back in session Tuesday. The House of Representatives will return Wednesday.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Fred K. Jaeger, 86, passed away Wednesday, March 14, 2018, at Oak Ridge Care Center, Union Grove. They were born in Racine on May 16, 1931, to the late Fred and Lydia (née Kraft) Jaeger.
Fred was a graduate of Washington Park High School, “Class of 1949”. They proudly served their country in the U.S. Navy. On Dec. 25, 1955, they were united in marriage to Beverly Gehrig who preceded them in death Aug. 31, 2009. They were Vice President of Sales at Styberg Engineering for 25 years. They were a longtime member of Plymouth Congregational Church where they sang in the men's choir. Their passion was restoring cars and racecars and fishing. They also played accordion for 30 years with the band known as the Harmonaire's. They were loved dearly and will be sadly missed.
Surviving are their daughters, Heidi (Dave) Neiman, and Lisa (Steve) Rueter; grandchildren, Abbie (Ross) Wehner, Kasey (Mack) Jordan, Chandler Neiman, and Rachel Neiman; great-grandchildren, Bryce and Claire Wehner, and Ella and Maggie Jordan; special friend, Jean Luethy and many dear friends. In addition to their parents and wife, they were also preceded in death by their son, Gary.
A Memorial Service was held Monday, March 19. Private interment with Full Military Honors was held at Mound Cemetery. Memorials to the Alzheimer's Association have been suggested by the family.
A special thank you to their care givers at Oak Ridge Care Center and Seasons Hospice for their loving and compassionate care. We appreciate the special attention given to Fred
Maresh-Meredith & Acklam Funeral Home of Racine served the family. Well-wishers may visit www.meredithfuneralhome.com
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
: Four people have been arrested in Mumbai for leaking an episode from HBO's "Game of Thrones" television series before it was aired in the country, police said Monday.Already the most pirated show in TV history, the popular fantasy drama -- which tells the story of noble families vying for the Iron Throne -- has been plagued by leaks in recent weeks following the premiere of the seventh season.After receiving a complaint for a company "we investigated the case and have arrested four individuals for unauthorised publication of the fourth episode from season seven," Deputy Commissioner of Police Akbar Pathan told AFP.He said the four -- accused of criminal breach of trust and computer-related offences -- would be detained until August 21 amid an investigation.The case was filed by a Mumbai-based company responsible for storing and processing the TV episodes for an app, local media said.The four arrested were company employees who possessed official credentials giving them access to the episodes, the reports added.Game of Thrones has more Emmy Awards than any narrative show in history and airs in 170 countries, with viewership figures shattering records across the world.As well as being a hit globally, it has a massive fan base in South Asia.Showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss last year announced the shortened run of seven and six episodes for the final two seasons and confirmed the summer return for season seven, a departure from the usual April premieres.The show has been teasing winter's arrival since its pilot episode in 2011, and in the latest episode preview "Death Is The Enemy" has finally moved closer to showcasing a battle between a horde of undead "White Walkers" from the frozen North and a troop of warriors led by hero Jon Snow (Kit Harington).
The Philadelphia Eagles have selected Meek Mill's track “Dreams and Nightmares” for their Super Bowl intro on Sunday in support of the incarcerated star.
The rapper's team and their management Roc Nation are vowing to continue to put pressure on Philadelphia Judge Genece Brinkley — who jailed Meek for up to four years for a parole violation — even as they threaten to sue them for defamation.
In November, Philly-born Meek was sentenced by Brinkley to two to four years in state prison for allegedly violating probation in a decade-old gun and drug case — despite the district attorney and their probation officer having asked for no jail time. The harsh sentence sparked an outcry, with stars including Jay-Z and Rick Ross criticizing Brinkley and the justice system.
Meek's legal team has accused Brinkley of acting “inappropriately” by allegedly suggesting they drop Roc Nation as their management in favor of local music figure Charlie Mack, who repped them in their early career.
Plus, they claim Brinkley further overstepped by asking Meek — in their private chambers in front of their then-girlfriend Nicki Minaj — to record a song and give them a shout-out in the lyrics.
Brinkley denies having asked Meek to record a song for her, and insists they have no personal connection to Mack.
see also Meek Mill's judge threatens defamation lawsuit Attorney Joe Tacopina is representing Mill. They say the rapper's...
Brinkley has now hired Philly attorney A. Charles Peruto Jr., who alleges Meek's legal team has been making “baseless claims” about the judge's conduct, and denies allegations that Brinkley had tried to extort personal favors from the rapper.
Peruto is threatening a defamation lawsuit, and told Page Six, “Her reputation has been severely damaged. Mill's case, and how they handled it, is not unusual.”
Meek's attorney Joe Tacopina added, “We look forward to a lawsuit from the judge and taking this to court where they will be deposed under oath . . . We won't be intimidated.”
TOKYO: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence reassured Japan of American commitment to reining in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions on Tuesday, after warning that U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the strength of its resolve.
Pence arrived in Tokyo from South Korea, where they assured leaders of an "iron-clad" alliance with the United States in the face of the reclusive North, which has conducted a series of missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the United States and it showed no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday, a day after putting on a huge display of missiles in Pyongyang.
"The era of strategic patience is over and while all options are on the table, President (Donald) Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region and with China to achieve a peaceable resolution and the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula" Pence said in Tokyo before lunch with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
"We appreciate the challenging time in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocation across the Sea of Japan. We are with you 100 percent," they said.
Pence and Abe agreed that they needed to persuade China to play a larger role in dealing with North Korea, a Japanese government spokesperson said.
North Korea's deputy representative to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, accused the United States on Monday of creating "a situation where nuclear war could break out an any time" and said the North's next nuclear test would take place "at a time and at a place where our headquarters deems necessary".
North Korea's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC that missiles would be tested on "a weekly, monthly and yearly basis".
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that South Korea would strengthen its alliance with the United States and closely cooperate with China to rein in North Korea.
"We should stay on our toes to protect our territory and people's lives," Hwang said.
The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked. It has said it has developed a missile that can strike the mainland United States, but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology, including miniaturising a nuclear warhead.
TOUGHER SANCTIONS
Pence said on Monday the world had seen Trump's resolve in the past two weeks, with a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airfield and the dropping of a powerful non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
"North Korea would do well not to test their resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," Pence said.
The Trump administration has said military action remains an option for dealing with North Korea.
But, mindful that this would likely trigger massive retaliation and casualties in South Korea and Japan, U.S. officials say the Trump administration's main focus is on tougher economic sanctions.
Trump, asked on Monday if they were considering military action, told Fox News Channel they did not want to "telegraph" their plans, like the previous administration had done.
U.S. officials say tougher sanctions could include an oil embargo, a global ban on North Korea's airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang. They also say greater Chinese cooperation is vital.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said China had taken some "very helpful" steps, although it remained to be seen how effective these would be.
Susan Thornton, acting U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asia, said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and China's top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, agreed in a phone call on Sunday on the need for strict enforcement of U.N. resolutions and for international action to press Pyongyang "to cease provocative actions and recommit to peaceful denuclearisation".
Thornton said any new North Korean nuclear test "would draw a pretty significant international response".
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi repeated China's line that the crisis could only be resolved by diplomacy.
"I've seen that the United States has reiterated it is willing to use political and diplomatic means to resolve this, as this is their first choice," they told reporters in Beijing.
"Of course I think that any country will feel that political diplomatic means are of course the first choice," Wang said.
Pence's economic discussions in Tokyo will be closely watched to see how hard a line Washington is prepared to take on trade. Trump campaigned on an "America first" platform, and has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations such as China and Japan.
However, Trump has also shown willingness to link trade to other issues, saying they would cut a better trade deal with China if it exerts influence on North Korea.
China banned imports of North Korean coal, its most important export, in February, and Chinese media have raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to the North.
Impoverished North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-1953 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. South Korea hosts 28,500 U.S. troops to counter the threat from the North.
(Additional reporting by Sue-Lin Wong in PYONGYANG, Jack Kim, Ju-min Park and James Pearson in SEOUL, Daniel Trotta in NEW YORK, Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; Writing by Nick Macfie; Editing by Paul Tait, Robert Birsel)
Chances are that if you've got a kid, that kid has got a Fingerlings obsession. The finger-clinging toys sold out this past holiday season, and now the creators are introducing the newest Fingerlings, UNTAMED, to the mix. These tiny raptors come with the tagline, "Putting ferocious at your fingertips," so obviously your kids are going to go nuts over them. It's like Jurassic Park if it all fit on your hand, instead of a movie screen. It's just too bad that one of the figurines isn't a miniature Jeff Goldblum, right?
The toys come from Montreal-based company WowWee, which will begin selling the newest critters online and in-stores in Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia this week, according to Markets Insider. But not to worry, American parents. The toys will come stateside in May, according to Kidscreen, so maybe just don't mention them to your kids quite yet, unless you want the next month and a half to be an agony of waiting and your kids begging you to make time to speed up.
The newest UNTAMED Fingerlings come with four different raptor characters, named Stealth, Blaze, Fury, and Razor. According to the company's press release via Kidscreen, each of the little dinosaurs has its own personality, and will interact with their kid owners in different ways. So naturally, children will be begging for them all. Luckily, they're set to retail at $14.99 apiece, according to the company's press release, so they shouldn't break the bank like, say, buying your kid every single American Girl Doll, which is absolutely something I begged my parents for unsuccessfully when I was young.
WowWee on YouTube
According to the company's press release about the newest Fingerlings:
Complete with snapping jaws and gripping claws, these fierce and friendly interactive pets react to touch, motion, and sound with over 40 different sounds and animations. Collect them all to unleash their full ferocity at your fingertips - these pets are yours to tame, and the control is in your hands.
It's an exciting time for WowWee. The toy company has been around for a while, but it really skyrocketed to fame last year when it debuted its mini robot monkeys, which were an instant hit with kids for their entertaining features like farting, burping, and ability to blow kisses, too. The toy quickly became a bestseller on Amazon, and a Toys "R" Us representative told CNBC Make It in December 2017 that the toys "essentially evaporate from our shelves... [with] customers lined up outside our stores in the wee early morning hours hoping to get their hands on one."
Just recently, Fingerlings won "Collectible Toy of the Year" and "Overall Toy of the Year" at the 2018 Toy of the Year Awards. On top of that, the brand manager responsible for creating and popularizing the toy, Sydney Wiseman, won the "Wonder Woman in Toys" Creator of the Year Award just last month for their work on the toy. So it's a good time to be involved with Fingerlings.
The newest take on Fingerlings in raptor form — as the company describes as "a line of interactive predators that you can control from friend to foe" — are sure to be a hit, just like the adorable sloth Fingerling and Gigi the Unicorn were this past holiday season. But, hopefully the OG crew will be able to keep your kids entertained until Fingerlings UNTAMED launches this May.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
By Walter E. Williams
I'm approaching my 82nd birthday, and my daughter will occasionally suggest that modernity is perplexing to me because I'm from prehistoric times.
As such, it points to one of the unavoidable problems of youth — namely, the temptation to think that today's behavioral standards have always been. Let's look at a few of the differences between yesteryear and today.
One of those differences is the treatment of women.
There are awesome physical strength differences between men and women. To create and maintain civil relationships between the sexes is to drum into boys, starting from very young ages, that they are not to use violence against a woman for any reason.
Special respect is given women. Yesteryear even the lowest of lowdown men would not curse or use foul language to or in the presence of women. To see a man sitting on a crowded bus or trolley car while a woman is standing used to be unthinkable. It was deemed common decency for a man to give up their seat for a woman or elderly person.
Today young people use foul language in front of — and often to — adults and teachers. It's not just foul language. Many youngsters feel that it's acceptable to assault teachers. Just recently, 45 Pennsylvania teachers resigned because of student violence.
Back in what my daughter calls prehistoric times, the use of foul language to an adult or teacher would have meant a smack across the face. Of course, today a parent taking such corrective action risks being reported to a local child protective service and even being arrested. The modern parental or teacher response to misbehavior is to call for “time out.”
In other words, what we've taught miscreants of all ages is that they can impose physical pain on others and not suffer physical pain themselves. That's an open invitation to bad behavior.
It has always been considered a good idea to refrain from sexual intercourse until marriage or at least adulthood. During the sexual revolution of the 1960s, lessons of abstinence were ridiculed, considered passe and replaced with lessons about condoms, birth control pills and abortion.
Out-of-wedlock childbirths are no longer seen as shameful and a disgrace. As a result, the rate of illegitimate births among whites is over 30%, and among blacks, it's over 70%.
For over a half-century, the nation's liberals — along with the education establishment, pseudo-intellectuals and the courts — have waged war on traditions, customs and moral values. Many in today's generation have been counseled to believe that there are no moral absolutes. Instead, what's moral or immoral, right or wrong, is a matter of convenience, personal opinion or what is or is not criminal.
Society's first line of defense is not the law but customs, traditions and moral values. Customs, traditions and moral values are those important thou-shalt-nots, such as thou shalt not murder, shalt not steal, shalt not lie and shalt not cheat. They also include respect for parents, teachers and others in authority, plus those courtesies one might read in Emily Post's rules of etiquette.
These behavioral norms — mostly transmitted by example, word of mouth and religious teachings — represent a body of wisdom distilled over the ages through experience, trial and error, and looking at what works and what doesn't.
The importance of customs, traditions and moral values as a means of regulating behavior is that people behave themselves even if nobody's watching.
There are not enough cops. Laws can never replace these restraints on personal conduct in producing a civilized society. At best, the police and the criminal justice system are the last desperate lines of defense for a civilized society.
Unfortunately, customs, traditions and moral values have been discarded without an appreciation for the role they played in creating a civilized society, and now we're paying the price — and that includes the recent revelations regarding the treatment of women.
Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University.
Investigation continues into fatal Saturday morning incident
NEW WINCHESTER — A New Winchester woman was killed in a two-vehicle crash near New Winchester Saturday morning.
Crawford County Sheriff Scott Kent and three deputies from the Sheriff's Office responded to the intersection of Monnett-New Winchester and New Winchester Center Roads at 9:53 a.m. Saturday to a two-vehicle injury crash. Whetstone Township Volunteer Fire Department and Life Support Team Ambulance also responded.
Carol A. Mullins, 44, was southbound on New Winchester Center Road, approaching the intersection of Monnett-New Winchester Road while a vehicle driven by Chad Carey, 37, was westbound on Monnett-New Winchester Road, also approaching the intersection of New Winchester Center Road.
According to information from the Crawford County Sheriff's Office on Monday, Mullins turned east onto Monnett-New Winchester Road and was struck by Carey, who was westbound. Both vehicles came to rest in a yard.
Mullins was the only occupant of their vehicle and was pronounced dead at the scene. There were eight people in Carey's vehicle including Melissa Carey, 36, Frank Conrad, 56, of Akron, and five children ranging in age from 9 to 16-years-old.
According to the crash report, Mullins and Carey live on Monnett-New Winchester Road.
Chad Carey and three passengers were taken to Galion Community Hospital by Life Support Team Ambulance for medical treatment. The remaining passengers were taken to the hospital by family members to be checked out.
An investigator from the Coroner's Office was at the scene. Mullins was taken to the Galion Community Hospital and later transported to the Lucas County Coroner's Office for an autopsy.
Carl's Towing and Bloomfield Towing were called to remove the vehicles from the scene and were assisted by Whetstone Fire Department, in clearing the roadway from debris.
The Sheriff's Office continues to investigate this crash. No citations have been issued at this time.
Galion Inquirer | Courtesy photo A New Winchester woman was killed in a crash Saturday morning at the intersection of Monnett-New Winchester and New Winchester-Center Roads. http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_crash-1.jpgGalion Inquirer | Courtesy photo A New Winchester woman was killed in a crash Saturday morning at the intersection of Monnett-New Winchester and New Winchester-Center Roads.
Investigation continues into fatal Saturday morning incident
By Kimberly Gasuras [email protected]
Sweden have flown under the radar all the way to the quarter-finals where they aim to use their solidity as a unit to put a stop to English dreams of a first World Cup victory since 1966 in Samara on Saturday.
GELENDZHIK, Russia: Sweden have flown under the radar all the way to the quarter-finals where they aim to use their solidity as a unit to put a stop to English dreams of a first World Cup victory since 1966 in Samara on Saturday.
After leading their side through a light workout following their 1-0 Round of 16 victory over Switzerland, captain Andreas Granqvist said their team have no secrets ahead of the clash with England, who beat Colombia 4-3 on penalties on Tuesday.
Advertisement
"They have seen that we are a very strong team, we play together as a collective, we defend as a team with the whole team, we attack as a team. We're really solid, we don't let the opponent get so many chances," Granqvist told reporters.
"We know we are good on the set pieces, we know we have good counter-attack football. They have seen our game, they have seen our group stage and how we play and I think they have big respect for us."
The 33-year-old centre back, who has already scored twice from the penalty spot in Russia, does not expect much of a change from the defensive tactics their side have used to get this far.
"I think we have to look at our squad and we have to look at the opponent's squad. Normally the other team has better players on paper and we let them have the ball in the places we want them to have the ball," they explained.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The team returned to their Black Sea base at Gelendzhik directly after defeating the Swiss and missed watching the England game on TV, but coach Janne Andersson and their support staff have already begun analysing Gareth Southgate's side.
Sweden midfielder Albin Ekdal had a scan on a twisted ankle on Wednesday and Mikael Lustig is suspended for the tie against England but changes in personnel are likely to have little effect on the Swedish game plan.
"If you look at the games we have played, the opponent has had more ball possession than we have but we have created more chances, more dangerous chances," Granqvist said.
"This is how we play, this is what we need to do, this is our strength, and we also need to see our quality against other strong teams. This is the way for us to have success, and we're going to continue this way," they added.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor, editing by Neil Robinson)
Two resolutions before the Los Angeles Board of Education on Tuesday would extend the school system's already extensive food-related activism. The first would ban "McTeacher's Night" school fundraisers hosted by McDonald's restaurants. The second would direct district officials to develop a vegan option for every cafeteria meal.
The L.A. Unified School District “has a strong interest in and obligation to promote the health of children, which leads to better attendance, improved behavior, lower incidence of illness, and increased attention, creativity and academic achievement,” states the preamble to the fundraising restrictions.
An “epidemic” of diet-related disease “disproportionately impacts communities of color,” the resolution goes on. “Studies have shown these children are also disproportionately targeted in marketing.”
McDonald's did not provide a response, but in a previously published statement said its participation in fundraisers reflects genuine bonds between local restaurants, their customers and schools. “McDonald's franchisees and our corporate restaurants have long supported what matters most to them,” the company said in comments provided to the Washington Post. “McTeacher's Nights are one example.”
District guidelines already prohibit schools from seeking sponsorship from corporations that market, sell or produce products that may be harmful to children, including alcohol and firearms as well as high-fat and high-calorie foods and drinks. Still, McTeacher promotions have taken place more than 120 times from 2013 through 2016, according to research provided by the Boston nonprofit Corporate Accountability International.
“This is about being sure that our policies actually mean something, that we're not directly participating in the marketing of food with high-caloric, high-fat content,” said school board President Steve Zimmer, who sponsored the resolution along with board members George McKenna and Richard Vladovic.
Across the country, even districts that officially forbid these fundraisers “allow events that occur outside of school hours — in spite of the fact that administrators often advertise such events during school hours,” said Sriram Madhusoodanan, a campaign director for Corporate Accountability International. “To our knowledge, LAUSD is the only school district that has taken this step — namely, to entirely end junk food sponsorships within the district.”
At the fundraisers, teachers get behind the counters at the fast-food restaurants while parents and students line up to buy food. A portion of sales goes to the school or a school-related organization. The Corporate Accountability group said that McDonald's asks for a minimum of 10 teachers and a principal to attend events and to promote them, according to public records obtained from school districts.
McDonald's previously said it compiled data for the 10% of U.S. McDonald's restaurants it owns directly. From January 2013 through September 2015, these outlets raised more than $2.5 million at McTeacher's Nights, the corporation said.
Tuesday's resolution makes it explicit that board policy applies to any association with fast food, on campus or off. It also directs Supt. Michelle King to “issue a letter to the McDonald's Corporation, the McDonald's Operators' Association of Southern California, and all other relevant companies and fast food chains.”
Zimmer is locked in a May runoff election against challenger Nick Melvoin, who said that, given the school system's precarious finances, the matter should be left to individual schools.
“We shouldn't handcuff the ability of schools to make their own decisions based on their particular circumstances,” Melvoin said.
L.A. Unified was among the first school systems to ban the sale of junk food on campus. Last month, the district approved contracts with chicken suppliers that were evaluated based on how they treat their chickens, their workers and the environment.
As for the vegan alternative entrees, even before the resolution surfaced, district food services was looking into options, and planned to launch a pilot program next fall, said its director, Joseph K. Vaughn.
The Zimmer-sponsored resolution, which is being introduced Tuesday and will be voted on at the next meeting, would effectively mandate the pilot program. It gives King's team 90 days to prepare a plan to expand vegan options beyond what will be available in the fall tryout.
The district “is home to students with a vast variety of backgrounds, nationalities, races and creeds, a portion of whom are vegetarian, vegan or intolerant to animal based foods for physiological reasons,” the resolution states. “Students deserve to have access to foods that form lasting healthy habits and do not promote disease.”
As a longtime vegetarian, Zimmer does not eat meat. Vegans avoid any foods derived from or produced by animals, including eggs, dairy products and honey.
Melvoin did not offer an opinion on the vegan resolution.
howard.blume@latimes.com
@howardblume
MEXICO CITY: US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Mexico on Friday (Feb 2) to be wary that Russia does not interfere when it elects its next president in July.
Russian agents have been accused of using online propaganda and computer hacking to undermine democratic processes in the United States and several European countries.
The Kremlin dismisses such allegations, but a probe into whether US President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign colluded with Russia has triggered a bitter political crisis in the US.
Reports this week suggested Washington fears that Mexico will also see such interference in July, when voters will choose a successor to President Enrique Pena Nieto.
Asked about this at a news conference with Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, Tillerson said: "All I can say to you is that we know that Russia has fingerprints in a number of countries around the world.
"We hear this from our European counterparts as well. My advice, to Mexico, would be pay attention. Pay attention to what's happening," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At a speech Wednesday to mark the start of a five-nation tour, Tillerson warned that Russia and China are seeking to expand their influence in Latin America and urged the region to stand by the values of the "democratic hemisphere".
Weather advisories have been issued for Southern Ontario, where up to 15cm of snow is expected by Tuesday morning. The City of Toronto says plows and salters are ready. Ashley Molnar reports.
Asus has launched its flagship smartphone ZenFone 5Z in India starting at a price of Rs 29,999. The device has been launched under an exclusive partnership with Flipkart and as such it will be sold only on the e-commerce giant's website starting from 9 July onwards. There is also a flat Rs 3,000 off if you purchase using an ICICI debit & credit card. To recall the phone was first announced back in February at MWC 2018.
Coming first to the specifications, the Asus ZenFone 5Z sports a large, 6.2-inch IPS LCD Full HD+ display with an aspect ratio of 19:9 and notch on the top. The device is globally available in three variants — 6 GB RAM with 64 GB internal storage, a 6 GB RAM with 128 GB storage and the top of the line 8 GB RAM with 256 GB storage. An external SD card can expand the storage to 256 GB.
The ZenFone 5Z features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, Adreno 630 GPU, and a dual-camera setup. The camera has a 12 MP + 8 MP sensors with f/1.8 and f/2.4 apertures and 1.4-micron pixel size. Asus also throws in a 3,300 mAh battery into the phone with support for fast charging.
As far as connectivity goes, we get Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth 5.0, NFC, GPS and a type-C port. The fingerprint scanner is located on the back and the phone runs on Asus' ZenUI 5.0 built on top of Android Oreo.
Quite clearly the device has the recently launched OnePlus 6 in its crosshairs and enters a smartphone price segment that has been dominated by OnePlus for quite some time. It offers the same flagship level specs that the OnePlus 6 offers and has a price tag that looks to be significantly less than the latter. However, will the ZenFone 5Z outperform the OnePlus 6 is another story entirely. Our detailed review of the device shall shed more light on its competition with the current 'flagship killer'.
On April 22, a shooting at a Waffle House restaurant in Nashville, Tennessee killed four people and injured several others. During the shooting, a man heroically disarmed the killer, likely saving lives. Moreover, the Waffle House hero, James Shaw, created a GoFundMe for the victims, which has raised over $100,000 to cover funeral costs and other related expenses. If you wish to contribute to this growing fund, you can do so via GoFundMe's website.
As the New York Times reported, four people were killed in Sunday's Waffle House shooting: 20-year-old Joe Perez, 21-year-old DeEbony Groves, 29-year-old Taurean Sanderlin, and 23-year-old Akilah Dasilva. As Shaw described on the fundraising website, all of the proceeds from the GoFundMe campaign will go directly to the victims' families. The fundraiser has currently brought in around $117,000 — far surpassing its initial goal of $15,000. You can easily donate to the fund using a credit or debit card on GoFundMe's website.
Shaw's commitment to raising funds for the victims' families is especially impressive considering the events that unfolded Sunday morning. According to the New York Times, Shaw and their friend had headed to Waffle House after an evening out. The men were sitting at a table in the restaurant when they heard gunshots — and saw fellow customers falling to the ground after being shot. When the shooter stopped to reload their weapon, Shaw seized on the opportunity and tackled the shooter, wrestling their gun away from him. Shaw described the experience to the paper, saying,
I acted in a blink of a second ... When they reloaded their clip, that felt like 30 minutes. I looked at him, and they aren't looking at me. They just had the barrel down. It was like, ‘Do it now. Go now.' I just took off ... They were mad at me ... I was just trying to live ... I just wanted to live, and they are, like, astonished, that I wanted to live.
Shaw has been humble in how they have portrayed Sunday's events, characterizing their own actions not as heroic but simply as ones of survival. As they described to the New York Times, "I know I saved other people. I have a 4-year-old daughter: I didn't even think about them In the midst of it, I was just trying to save myself.” NPR reported that Shaw also expressed similar sentiments at a press conference, saying "I'm not a hero. I'm just a regular person ... I think anybody could've did what I did if they're just pushed in that kind of cage... and you have to either react or you're going to, you know, fold."
However, despite their own reservations about the word, for many Shaw is a hero. As Inside Edition reported, Metro Nashville Police spokesperson Don Aaron said at a press conference on Sunday, Shaw "is the hero here, and no doubt they saved many lives by wrestling the gun away and then tossing it over the counter and prompting the [gun]man to leave."
A witness to the shooting, Chuck Cordero, also described Shaw in a similar way to CNN affiliate WSMV-TV. Cordero referred to Shaw as a hero, noting that if the shooter had had a chance to reload their weapon, "there was plenty more people in that restaurant [he could have killed].”
To acknowledge Shaw's important role in saving lives, a man named Yashar Ali also set up a GoFundMe Campaign to benefit Shaw. Ali suggested that the proceeds from the campaign could go to Shaw's young daughter and/or could be used for whatever Shaw desires. The fund has raised over 100,000 so far. If you wish to donate, you can do so here.
More to come ...
2016 was another terrific year for Marvel Studios. Captain America: Civil War as a critical and financial success, going on to become the highest-grossing movie of 2016 worldwide. But even with that, it is arguable that Doctor Strange was a bigger success in some ways. It allowed the studio to take a risk that fans really responded to. So, Benedict Cumberbatch will be reprising their role as The Sorcerer Supreme sooner rather than later.  They are certainly going to appear in Thor: Ragnarok and it looks like their role may be a lot more than just a cameo.
An article that was recently posted to Disney's D23 fan site detailed some of the many things that fans of the Mouse House can look forward to in 2017. One of those things was Thor: Ragnarok and what they had to say about it implies that Doctor Strange could have a larger role than some may have expected. Here's what was said.
"If you need even more intergalactic, world-saving action, Thor: Ragnarok in November brings together Thor, the Hulk, and Doctor Strange to face off against intergalactic baddies both familiar and new."
We have known for a very long time that Hulk will be joining up with the God of Thunder for their third solo movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but it was only more recently, with the release of Doctor Strange to be exact, that we got confirmation that Stephen Strange would be appearing in Thor 3 as well. There was a big clue when a set photo surfaced showing Thor holding a piece of paper with the address to Stephen Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum on it, but a post-credit scene in Doctor Strange confirmed it. This statement from D23 makes it seem as though Stephen Strange could wind up having a pretty significant part in the movie, though, since they list them as if they are a core cast member.
Potential spoilers ahead, but the post-credits scene in Doctor Strange revealed that both Loki and Thor will be looking for Odin in New York City and they are asking for Stephen's help to find him. That means that they will be fitting into the narrative of Thor: Ragnarok in an organic way, but it also seems like something that will take more than just a few minutes of screen time. So it seems very possible that we could be getting another pretty big dose of the Sorcerer Supreme long before Avengers: Infinity War.
Doctor Strange has already outgrossed Thor: The Dark World at the box office, which finished its run with $644 million worldwide. Stephen Strange's debut in the MCU was also better received critically, so it would make sense for Marvel Studios to make the most of Benedict Cumberbatch's talents while they can. Thor: Ragnarok is being directed by Taika Waititi and is set for release on November 3.
SEOUL: The chairperson of South Korea's Asiana Airlines on Wednesday (Jul 4) apologised after many of its planes took off without any in-flight meals this week because the carrier was suddenly forced to switch caterers.
Since Sunday, many Asiana flights have been delayed waiting for meals and many others, mostly short-haul flights to Japan and China, have had to leave without any.
Advertisement
"I am sorry for causing public concern over Asiana's in-flight meal crisis," said Park Sam-koo, chairperson of Kumho Asiana Group whose main subsidiaries include Asiana Airlines and Kumho Enginering & Construction.
The debacle at South Korea's second largest airline is seen to have stemmed from a decision by Asiana this year to switch its in-flight meal provider, in a bid to help improve finances of its struggling parent group.
Asiana in March ended a 15-year-old deal with Lufthansa's LSG Sky Chefs after LGS refused Kumho Asiana Group's demand that LGS invest 160 billion won (US$143 million) in the group's holding firm, which was in dire need of cash.
The airline then chose a new catering firm that was a subsidiary of Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which subsequently injected the needed funds.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the new caterer suffered a fire at its plant, forcing Asiana to seek help from a smaller firm which was unable to meet the airline's daily needs.
The episode took a tragic twist on Monday when the owner of one of subcontractor suppliers committed suicide after complaining of pressure for them to take responsibility for the debacle.
Park also apologised for their death.
"I also feel very sorry about the tragedy involving the owner of one of our subcontractor suppliers and offer my deepest apology to their family," they said, bowing deeply in front of cameras in apology.
"My father and their colleagues worked more than 28 hours non-stop to prepare meals but the demand from contractors put too much pressure on them," the subcontractor's son told JTBC TV.
The suicide sparked nationwide fury as many accused the airline of trying to shift responsibility for its mismanagement to a powerless subcontractor.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
U.S. President Donald Trump denounced white supremacists including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan on Monday, and said racism, hatred and bigotry had no place in America following a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va./WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday, bowing to mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia.
Trump had been assailed from across the political spectrum for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The head of one of the world's biggest drug companies quit a presidential business panel as a result, saying they were taking a stand against intolerance and extremism.
Critics slammed Trump for waiting too long to address the bloodshed, as well as for initially saying that "many sides" were involved, instead of singling out the white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee. Several senators from their own Republican party had harsh words for him.
Some 48 hours into the biggest domestic challenge of their young presidency, Trump tried to correct course.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said in a statement to reporters at the White House on Monday.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A 20-year-old man said to have harboured Nazi sympathies was facing charges they ploughed their car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Fields, was denied bail at a court hearing on Monday.
Trump said anyone who engaged in criminal behaviour at the rally would face justice, the Republican president said.
"I wish that they would have said those same words on Saturday," responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC. "I'm disappointed it took them a couple of days."
As the chorus of outrage over Virginia grew louder on Sunday, Trump stayed silent on the matter while at their golf course in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Early Monday, they took to Twitter - their preferred method of communication - to attack Democrats over trade deals and to endorse a political candidate in Alabama, but said nothing about white supremacists.
In a strong rebuke to Trump early on Monday, the black chief executive of Merck & Co Inc , Kenneth Frazier, resigned from a business panel led by the president, saying expressions of hatred and bigotry must be rejected.
Trump quickly hit back on Twitter, but made no reference to Frazier's reasons for quitting the panel, instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines. Frazier would now have more time to focus on lowering "ripoff" drug prices, Trump tweeted.
GLOBAL REACTION
The jarring images of violence from Charlottesville and the heated public debate over racism resonated around the world, particularly in Europe where leaders are contending with a wave of xenophobia.
German Chancellor told local broadcaster Phoenix on Monday that clear and forceful action must be taken to counter right-wing extremism, and that "we have quite a lot to do at home ourselves."
About 130 people demonstrated outside the U.S. Embassy in London, some with placards reading "Facsism is not to be debated, it is to be smashed," and "I am an ashamed American."
The United Nations said there must be no place in today's societies for the violent racism, anti-Semitism, xenophobia and discrimination on display in Charlottesville.
Protests were planned for Monday evening outside the White House and Trump Tower in New York, where Trump is expected to travel later on Monday.
Saturday's disturbances broke out after white nationalists converged to protest at plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. Such monuments are viewed today by many Americans as symbols of racism, because of the Confederate defence of slavery during the Civil War.
Asked on Monday whether one side was more responsible for the violence than another, Charlottesville police chief Al Thomas said: "This was an alt-right rally," - using the term to describe a loose grouping that rejects mainstream politics and includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites.
In assailing Trump for their earlier comments on the violence, critics noted that right-wing extremists have been a loyal segment of their political base. The anger over their initial response added to a litany of problems for the president.
Opponents have attacked their inflammatory rhetoric toward North Korea and they are fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during their first six months in office.
The mother of the woman killed on Saturday welcomed Trump's latest comments. In a statement cited by NBC News, Susan Bro thanked them for what they called "those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred."
Authorities said Heyer, 32, died after Fields' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists.
Fields appeared in a Charlottesville court on Monday by video link from the jail where they are being held on a second-degree murder charge, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident. Their next court date was set for Aug. 25.
Several students who attended high school with Fields in Kentucky described them as an angry young man who passionately espoused white supremacist ideology.
The U.S. Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime.
Also on Monday, in what critics decried as an official endorsement of racism, Trump told Fox News they are considering pardoning Joe Arpaio, the former Arizona sheriff found guilty last month of criminal contempt for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial profiling case.
Arpaio styled themselves "America's toughest sheriff" for their tough treatment of inmates and crackdown on illegal immigrants.
(Reporting by Scott Malone in Charlottesville and Jeff Mason in Washington; Additional reporting by Brandon Shulleeta in Charlottesville, Susan Heavey, Timothy Ahmann and Mohammad Zargham in Washington, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Emma Rumney in London and Michelle Martin in Berlin; Writing by Frances Kerry and Daniel Wallis; Editing by Bill Rigby and Mary Milliken)
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
“The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy,” Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
“They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a “national security element” to the situation.
“All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts.”
The @TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today, and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism. We'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) April 24, 2018
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to “a very large homicide investigation,” with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, they reiterated that the investigation “what happened and why” has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
Toronto police have arrested 25-year-old Alek Minassian in the incident.
Minassian is due to appear in court later today.
MEXICO CITY: A photojournalist who received threats over their work has been found dead in northern Mexico a day after they were kidnapped, officials said on Friday (Oct 6), making them the 11th journalist killed in the country this year.
The government's Mechanism to Protect Journalists and Rights Activists called for an "immediate and effective investigation" into the killing of Edgar Daniel Esqueda Castro, 23, who was reportedly kidnapped Thursday by gunmen posing as police officers in the city of San Luis Potosi.
There were immediate protests in Mexico, which drug wars and corruption have made one of the most dangerous countries in the world for the press, according to rights groups.
Esqueda's body was found dumped near the San Luis Potosi airport, bound and bearing signs of torture, according to local media reports and the rights group Reporters Without Borders.
Their wife told the press freedom watchdog that gunmen claiming to be police had burst into their home while they slept early Thursday, thrown Esqueda to the floor and then hauled them away at gunpoint.
Prosecutors said Thursday that no actual police were suspected in the crime.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But San Luis Potosi Governor Juan Manuel Carreras told a press conference on Friday that one line of investigation included the possible involvement of "public officials."
The federal protection program said Esqueda, who worked for the daily newspaper Metropoli San Luis and the news website Vox Populi, had recently told authorities that state police had threatened and harassed them while they were working.
They said five police officers had threatened to beat them up and take their camera while they photographed the scene of a shootout on Jul 4, forcing them to delete their photos.
Nine days later, police reportedly harassed them again, saying they "would be watching him" because they suspected they were "passing information to the bad guys," the federal protection program said in a statement.
The program had asked local authorities to grant Esqueda protective measures.
But it is unclear whether they were ever given any of the measures offered by the program, such as security cameras, panic buttons or bodyguards. The interior ministry did not immediately respond to a request for information.
The protection program, launched in 2012, has been widely criticized for failing to stop the murders of journalists and activists.
'ENOUGH ALREADY'
Colleagues of the slain photojournalist protested in San Luis Potosi after their body was found, placing their cameras on the ground atop handwritten signs reading "Enough already" and "Justice."
The Latin America director for Reporters Without Borders, Emmanuel Colombie, condemned the "hateful crime," calling on authorities to punish Esqueda's killers and protect their family.
Right groups say at least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico so far in 2017. That would put this year on a par with last as the deadliest ever for journalists in Mexico.
It is unclear whether they were all targeted because of their work, but most of them had been reporting on drug cartels or political corruption.
Since 2000, more than 100 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. More than 90 percent of the crimes remain unpunished.
In May, President Enrique Pena Nieto vowed to strengthen protections for journalists and bring those who attack them to justice.
Violence has surged across Mexico since the government declared war on the country's powerful drug cartels in 2006. More than 180,000 people have been murdered and more than 30,000 have gone missing since then.
New studies from the National Institutes of Health — specifically the National Toxicology Program — find that cell phone radiation is potentially linked with certain forms of cancer, but they're far from conclusive. The results are complex and the studies have yet to be peer-reviewed, but some of the findings are clearly important enough to warrant public discussion.
An early, partial version of this study teasing these effects appeared in 2016 (in fact, I wrote about it), but these are the full (draft) reports complete with data.
Both papers note that “studies published to date have not demonstrated consistently increased incidences of tumors at any site associate with exposure to cell phone RFR [radio frequency radiation] in rats or mice.” But the researchers felt that “based on the designs of the existing studies, it is difficult to definitively conclude that these negative results clearly indicate that cell phone RFR is not carcinogenic.”
In other words, no one has taken it far enough, or simulated the radio-immersion environment in which we now live, enough to draw conclusions on the cancer front. So this study takes things up a notch, with longer and stronger exposures.
The studies exposed mice and rats to both 900 MHz and 1900 Mhz wavelength radio waves (each frequency being its own experiment) for about 9 hours per day, at various strengths ranging from 1 to 10 watts per kilogram. For comparison, the general limit the FCC imposes for exposure is 0.08 W/kg; the absolute maximum allowed, for the extremities of people with occupational exposures, is 20 W/kg for no longer than 6 minutes. So they were really blasting these mice.
“The levels and duration of exposure to RFR were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies. So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage,” explained NTP senior scientist John Bucher in a news release accompanying the papers. “We note, however, that the tumors we saw in these studies are similar to tumors previously reported in some studies of frequent cell phone users.”
The rodents were examined for various health effects after various durations, from 28 days to 2 years.
Before I state the conclusions, a note on terminology. “Equivocal evidence” is just above “no evidence” on the official scale, meaning “showing a marginal increase of neoplasms that may be tested agent related.” In other words, something statistically significant but ultimately still somewhat mysterious. “Some evidence” is above that, meaning a more measurable response, followed by the also self-explanatory “clear evidence.”
At 900 MHz:
Some evidence linking RFR with malignant schwannoma in the hearts of male rats, no evidence for same in female rats. Equivocal evidence linking exposure to malignant brain glioma in females. Other tumors of various types in both sexes “may have been related to cell phone RFR exposure,” meaning the link is unclear or numbers aren't conclusive. Less serious “nonneoplastic lesions” were more frequent in exposed males and females.
At 1900 MHz:
Equivocal evidence of carcinogenicity in lung, liver and other organ tissues in both male and female mice.
Although I would hesitate to draw any major conclusions from these studies, it seems demonstrated that there is some link here, though the level of radiation was orders of magnitude beyond what a person would ever experience in day to day life. As the researchers point out, however, relatively short-term studies like this one do little to illuminate the potential for harm in long-term exposure, such as babies who have never not been bathed in RF radiation.
An interesting side note is that the radiation-exposed rodents of both types lived significantly longer than their control peers: 28 percent of the original control group survived the full 2 years, while about twice that amount (48-68 percent) survived in the exposed group.
Two explanations are proffered for this strange result: either the radiation somehow suppressed the “chronic progressive nephropathy” that these mice tend to suffer from as they age, or possibly reduced feed intake related to the radiation might have done it. Either way, no one is suggesting that the radiation is somehow salutary to the rodents' constitutions.
The reports and data run to hundreds of pages, so this is only a quick look by a non-expert. You can look over the full reports and supplemental materials here, but as this is a major study you can also expect replication, analysis and criticism from all quarters soon, including a scheduled external expert review organized by the NTP in March.
Featured Image: PeopleImages/Getty Images
Ducati MotoGP rider Andrea Dovizioso of Italy rides during the Japanese Grand Prix at the Twin Ring Motegi circuit in Motegi, north of Tokyo, Japan, October 11, 2015.
(Reuters) - Ducati's Andrea Dovizioso held off MotoGP points leader Marc Marquez to claim their third victory of the season at the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Dovizioso, who started on a soft rear tyre, took the lead with seven laps to the finish line and maintained a slender advantage over Honda riders Marquez and Dani Pedrosa, who completed the podium.
"It was difficult this weekend," Dovizioso said. "The battle was really nice. We controlled the race for the tyres. Three victories this season... it's really good!"
Marquez, who won the last two races, made a late challenge on Dovizioso in the final corner but the Italian defended well to win the duel and move up to second spot in the battle for the world title.
"I was on the limit, pushing a lot. The last corner was completely on the limit, but this is MotoGP. This is the show. No worries. Next time we'll try again," said Marquez.
Dovizioso's teammate Jorge Lorenzo finished fourth despite taking an early lead in dry conditions at the Red Bull Ring, while Johann Zarco finished fifth.
Yamaha endured a disappointing afternoon with Maverick Vinales and Valentino Rossi taking the sixth and seventh spot, respectively.
Alvaro Bautista secured an eighth-placed finish for Aspar Ducati, with Avintia Ducati's Loris Baz ended ninth.
KTM wildcard Mika Kallio beat last year's winner Andrea Iannone to the 10th spot.
World champion Marquez leads the overall standings with 174 points, 16 ahead of second-placed Dovizioso. Vinales slipped to third spot with 150 points, followed by Rossi on 141.
President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they arrive at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that their ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Spotify announced a major upgrade to its mobile app at an event at the Gramercy Theater in New York City today. The service will no longer treat its free users as second-class citizens. Now, whether you're one of Spotify's 90 million free users or opt to pay $10 a month to unlock the full experience, your music will take center stage, with curated playlists, on-demand listening, and smarter playlist creation. It's so good, in fact, some users might want to consider downgrading to the free tier from the premium one. Here are five reasons why you might want to switch (and five reasons why you shouldn't):
5 reasons to go free
It's way more personal
When you sign up for the free plan inside the new Spotify app, you'll be greeted with a redesigned on-boarding screen that asks you to select your favorite artists. That sets the machine learning algorithm in motion, and you'll instantly be greeted with a playlist of songs you might enjoy. Then, as you listen, like, and hide songs, your invisible curator will become smarter and deliver more personal recommendations every day.
Spotify Spotify's free tier is way more personal than it was before.
You can play songs on demand
This is the big one. Where Spotify's free users previously had access to all the service's playlists, they could only listen to them in shuffle mode. That's changing with the new app. Spotify will now offer 15 playlists a day to its free users—including popular ones like the awesome Rap Caviar mix—with unrestricted listening, meaning you can play the same song 100 times in a row if you'd like. Some of these playlists will be updated daily, others weekly, but Spotify promises more than 750 personalized tracks will be available for on-demand streaming every day.
It'll keep your playlists fresh
One of the Spotify app's greatest strengths over its competitors has been easy playlist creation on its mobile app. That's not changing with the new version—nor is the shuffle-only restrictions on the free tier—but there is one feature Spotify is bringing over from Premium that might help you make better mixes. As you curate your playlists, Spotify will continually suggest songs based on your musical tastes, the artists and genres you've picked, and even the name of the playlist itself. And what's more, it'll keep recommending new songs as you listen to it, so your favorite playlists won't get stale.
Spotify You don't have to be a Premium user to get playlist assistance anymore.
It'll save your data
With the new app update, Spotify is removing one of the major pain points for its free users, mobile data usage. While free users still won't be able to download songs for offline listening, Spotify is introducing a new Data Saver toggle in Settings that will enable automatic caching of your favorite songs and playlists so you won't have to burn through you monthly data allotment while working out at the gym. With prompts based on mobile data usage, Spotify estimates this will decrease data usage by as much as 75 percent.
Radio is everywhere
One of the first things people will notice when launching the new Spotify app is that the Radio tab is gone. That means you won't be able to quickly jump into a station and start rocking out to J. Cole or Drake, but that doesn't mean you won't get a radio-style listening experience with the free tier. In fact, it's just the opposite. When you hit the Search tab now, you'll be presented with a list of genres to help the service focus on your mood. Then you'll get recommendations of artists, songs, and playlists tailored specifically for your tastes rather than generic radio stations that may or may not fit the bill.
Spotify From search to playlists, Spotify's radio stations are everywhere now.
5 reasons to stay Premium
There aren't any ads
Obviously, ads are the main reason why people opt to pay Spotify $10 a month, and after today's update, that hasn't changed. If you don't want to hear 15-second ads between songs, stay on the Premium tier.
You have full access to Spotify's library
While Spotify is giving its free users on-demand access to hundreds of songs every day, it pales in comparison to the 35-million-song library that Premium users get. Sure, free users can search the entire catalogue, select songs for playlists, and add anything to their library, but only paid subscribers have the ability to play them whenever they like. So if you want to hear J. Cole's "Friends" without waiting for it to appear on one of the free tier's unrestricted playlists, Premium is the only way to go.
Michael Simon/IDG You can pick and play some songs on the free tier, but only Premium gives you access to all of them.
You can listen offline
Spotify's new app might have a data-saver mode for on-the-go listening, but nothing beats the ability to download songs right to your device. If they have a spotty connection or a dwindling data pool, Spotify's free users may be out of luck, while Premium subscribers can listen for hours and hours without using a single megabyte of LTE data.
You can listen through a smart speaker
Spotify didn't announce a speaker or any other hardware at its event, so you'll still need to use a Google Home, Amazon Echo, or Sonos One (sorry HomePod fans), if you want a voice-controlled listening experience at home. But to do that you'll need a Premium subscription.
You can get Hulu for super cheap
A few weeks ago, Spotify and Hulu announced they were teaming up to offer a one-of-a-kind digital bundle. For $13 a month, you'll get a subscription to Spotify Premium (normally $10 a month) and Hulu's Limited Commercial plan (normally $8 a month). That's a savings of $5 a month or $70 a year, and it lets you choose between streaming Taylor Swift's Reputation or Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale. If that's not a double-threat, I don't know what is.
PARIS: Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki was done with hanging around on Wednesday as they walloped Georgina Garcia Perez 6-1 6-0 in double quick time on Wednesday to reach the French Open third round.
With the first three matches scheduled on Court Philippe Chatrier on day four of the claycout major all going the distance - and lasting a combined eight hours 46 minutes - Wozniacki did not even make it into the arena till shortly before 7pm local time.
Advertisement
Fifty one minutes later the Danish second seed was offering Spain's Garcia Perez a consolation handshake after they secured a round three meeting with the winner of the all-French tussle between Alize Cornet and Pauline Parmentier.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ed Osmond)
MOSCOW: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Pyongyang on Thursday (May 31), Russian news agencies reported citing a delegation source.
Lavrov travelled to North Korea on Thursday and was due to hold talks with counterpart Ri Yong Ho about the situation on the Korean peninsula.
Advertisement
"Sergei Lavrov, foreign minister of the Russian Federation, arrived here on Thursday at the invitation of Ri Yong Ho, foreign minister of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea)", KCNA news agency said in a brief dispatch.
It gave no further details but Russia's Tass news agency said the two foreign ministers had begun talks at the Supreme People's Assembly building in Pyongyang.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier they were expected to discuss "vital issues of bilateral relations and key international and regional issues".
This is Lavrov's first visit to North Korea since 2009, Tass said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their trip comes amid a flurry of diplomatic activity to organise next month's summit, with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also meeting Kim's right-hand man Kim Yong Chol in New York late Wednesday.
The BJP and Congress are gearing up for the second phase of Gujarat elections which is slated for 14 December. While Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi have been regularly hitting out at each other in the course of the poll campaign, both the leaders chose political civility over vociferous acrimony on some occasions in the recent past.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday congratulated Rahul Gandhi on their election as the Congress president.
"I congratulate Rahul Ji on their election as Congress president. My best wishes for a fruitful tenure," Modi tweeted from their personal Twitter handle @narendramodi.
I congratulate Rahul Ji on their election as Congress President. My best wishes for a fruitful tenure. @OfficeOfRG — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 11, 2017
Modi's congratulatory message came on a day when a row broke out over their insinuation on Sunday that former prime minister Manmohan Singh was colluding with Pakistan to influence the state polls. Singh shot back, saying Modi was setting a "dangerous precedent", and asked them to apologise to the nation.
On the other hand, Rahul last month had also instructed Congress workers in Banaskantha to conduct "dignified campaigning" and respect Modi. "I wrote an email to Ashok Gehlot, asking them to instruct all our social media campaigners not to say anything undignified about Modi ji.  They are the prime minister of our country and they must be respected. I remember how Manmohan ji was ridiculed when they were the PM. I said we will not do that to Modi ji. We will not go beyond a point," Rahul said, according to India Today.
"I would like to tell everyone from both the BJP and the Congress that Rahul Gandhi respects the position of the prime minister," Rahul had also said at a rally in Kalol.
However, the BJP and Congress have consistently levelling charges against each other. Recent examples were Mani Shankar Aiyar referring to the prime minister as 'neech' and Modi's claim of Pakistan interfering in the Gujarat polls.
With inputs from agencies
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
5 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
WASHINGTON: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday that the United States would know the trajectory of a missile fired by North Korea within moments and would "take it out" if the missile looked like hitting the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
U.S. officials and South Korea's president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict after Washington and Pyongyang exchanged fiery rhetoric last week.
But Mattis told reporters that war could break out if North Korea were to fire a missile at the United States.
"If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly," Mattis said. The United States would know the trajectory of a North Korean missile "within moments" and if a missile is assessed to be hitting Guam, "we will take it out," they said.
U.S. President Donald Trump warned last week that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening to land missiles in the sea near Guam later this month.
Mattis said that if a North Korean missile were headed toward the waters near Guam, instead of aimed directly at the island, then the president would decide what action to take.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has caused tension to spike in recent months.
Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully.
World stocks rose along with U.S. Treasury yields and the U.S. dollar as investors regained an appetite for riskier investments amid an easing of Korea tensions.
"There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully," President Moon Jae-in told a meeting with senior aides and advisers.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours," they said.
Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday sent a conciliatory message to North Korea in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal.
"The U.S. has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison U.S. troops north of the Demilitarized Zone," the officials said, addressing some of Pyongyang's fears that Washington ultimately intends to replace the reclusive country's leadership.
The article took a softer tone on North Korea than the president, who warned Pyongyang last week of "fire and fury" if it launched an attack.
"While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options," the two officials said.
REGIONAL ALLIES
Gen. Joseph Dunford, U.S. chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, met South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-Moo on Monday. "He encouraged strengthening trilateral cooperation between the U.S., (South Korea) and Japan," U.S. military spokesperson Captain Darryn James said.
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk highlighted doubts about North Korea's claims about its military capability.
"Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms," Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Sunday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
"I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today," Pompeo told "Fox News Sunday".
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with its official KCNA news agency saying "war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional".
"Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war," it said in a commentary.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Ukraine denied on Monday that it had supplied defence technology to North Korea, responding to an article in the New York Times that said North Korea may have purchased rocket engines from Ukrainian factory Yuzhmash.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan's expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarized border.
Trump has urged China, the North's main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in its neighbour, often linking Beijing's efforts to comments around U.S.-China trade. China strenuously rejects linking the two issues.
Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into whether to investigate China's alleged theft of American intellectual property, declaring it "a very big move," while the country's largest business lobby group urged the two countries to resolve differences.
(Additional reporting by Christine Kim in Seoul and Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Kawhi Leonard had a career game and led the San Antonio Spurs to a 96-82 win over the Memphis Grizzlies in Game 2 of their Western Conference first round series at the AT&T Center in San Antonio on Tuesday (Philippine time).
Leonard netted a career-high of 37 points on an impeccable 19-of-19 shooting from the free throw line as the Spurs head into Memphis with a 2-0 lead.
Leonard also had 11 rebounds and took part in a game-clinching 16-7 run at the endgame after Memphis sliced what was once a 26-point lead to just five midway through the fourth.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Conley led the Grizzlies with 24 points.
LOS ANGELES: The Cleveland Cavaliers overcame a bout of fourth quarter jitters to take a grip of their NBA playoff series against the Indiana Pacers on Monday (Apr 17) as San Antonio seized control of their duel with Memphis.
Cleveland appeared to be coasting to victory after opening up an 18-point lead at the end of the third quarter at the Quicken Loans Arena.
But the Cavs put the home fans through the ringer in a nervy finale as the Pacers punished a litany of mistakes to cut the gap to four points with 18 seconds remaining.
It mirrored a similar shaky finish in Game 1, when Indiana wiped out a 10-point fourth quarter lead before Cleveland ground out a win. They also blew a 26-point fourth quarter lead in a defeat to Atlanta earlier this month.
But the NBA Champions just about held their nerve on Monday, eventually winning 117-111 thanks to a 37-point haul from Kyrie Irving as well as 27 points from Kevin Love and 25 from LeBron James.
James was unfazed by the Pacers' fourth quarter fightback after the Cavs held on to take a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven series. Game 3 takes place in Memphis on Thursday.
"We're right there," said James, who also had 10 rebounds and seven assists. "We're right there of what we know we can become, and we'll figure it out."
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue blamed fatigue for the high turnover count that allowed San Antonio to claw their way back into the contest in the fourth quarter.
"I just saw turnovers," Lue said. "We've gotta take care of the basketball. We turned the ball over and it hurt us. Nineteen turnovers for 24 points. It's hard to win playoff games like that."
EVERYONE READY
The victory came at a cost for Cleveland however, with guard J.R. Smith limping off with a hamstring injury. However Smith's replacement, Iman Shumpert, impressed from the bench with five points.
"We have so many pieces on this team, but everyone has to stay ready," Irving said of Shumpert's cameo.
"He had that mindset, came in and executed, and it's hard to come off the bench right after halftime. We just need Shump to stay focused and understand the task at hand and I think they did a good job of that tonight."
In San Antonio, Memphis coach David Fizdale was left fuming after watching their team slide to a 96-82 loss against the Spurs in their Western Conference showdown.
Kawhi Leonard finished with 37 points as the Spurs took a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven series at AT&T Center.
But Fizdale unleashed a spectacular post-game tirade against the officiating crew, which is almost certain to bring disciplinary action from the league.
Fizdale complained bitterly that officials had unfairly skewed the free throw count against their players.
"It was a very poorly officiated basketball game," Fizdale fumed. "First half we had 19 shots in the paint and had six free throws. They shot 11 times in the paint and had 23 free throws.
"I'm not a numbers guy but that doesn't seem to add up. Overall we shot ball in the paint 35 times and we had 15 free throws - for the game. They shot 18 times and had 32 free throws. Explain it to me."
Officials had shown "disrespect" to their team, Fizdale added.
"I'm not going to let them treat us that way. That's unacceptable. That's unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game - and they did not even give us a chance," Fizdale told journalists.
The series now moves to Memphis for Game 3 on Thursday.
New Hartlepool MP Mike Hill praised the 'precious' RNLI service during visit to the town's lifeboat station.
Mr Hill paid met some of the volunteer crew members and officials who are on call twentyfour-seven to help save lives at sea.
Hartlepool MP Mike Hill with volunteer assistant 2nd Coxswain Matt Blanchard at the Hartlepool RNLI lifeboat station.
It was the first time the Labour politician, who succeeded Iain Wright after the June election, had visited the boathouse and the lifeboats.
The station, in Ferry Road, has provided its life-saving serive for more than 200 years and operates three lifeboats – an all-weather Trent class, a B class Atlantic 75, and a B class Atlantic 85.
The crews have been presented with 23 awards for gallantry, including a gold medal.
Mr Hill said: "It's been absolutely fascinating to see the amount of equipment, the number of volunteers and even learning how difficult it can be for a volunteer to get to the station through the traffic during a shout.
"It's also been amazing to see the dedication of the volunteer crew members and the kit the RNLI supply them with is second to none.
"I've also learnt how many people have been rescued this year which is a tremendous amount and just shows how busy the station is and very precious to the town.
"But you have to come here to realise the amount of work that is put in by the volunteers here.
"The level of skills and training and having the right equipment, it all just shows how safe our seas are with the RNLI in this area.
"I have nothing but praise for the men and women who crew these boats."
Assistant 2nd coxswain Matt Blanchard, who showed Mr Hill around said: "Mike showed a great deal of interest during their visit where they learnt some facts and figures about the station's volunteers, our training and some of the call-outs we have been involved with so far this year, they were also shown some of the equipment we use when out at sea on a shout."
Most Shared Jury awards $415,000 in suit against Josh Hastings over suspect's fatal shooting A federal jury has awarded $415,000 in damages in the civil lawsuit against Josh Hastings, a former Little Rock police officer, in the 2012 slaying of Bobby Moore, a suspect in car burglaries at a West Little Rock apartment complex.
Wendell Griffen's gift to Gov. Asa Hutchinson: Cover for a botched execution process Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen served Gov. Asa Hutchinson and others a gift on a platter yesterday by participating in a death penalty protest outside the Governor's Mansion roughly an hour after he'd approved an order stopping use of one of three drugs used in executions and thus, effectively, halting six executions still scheduled to begin Monday. They provided cover for a state killing spree flawed from start to finish.
Federal Judge Kristine Baker halts Arkansas executions Federal Judge Kristine Baker has ordered a halt to executions scheduled to begin Monday.
Biggest-ever state lottery winner finally claims $177 million win Eliberto Cantu of Lubbock, Texas finally claimed their $177 million lottery win today after purchasing the winning Mega Millions ticket on March 30.
Arkansas News Headlines are not appearing because your browser does not seem to support iframes.
Most Viewed U.S. Supreme Court denies state's motion to lift stay on Davis execution In an order not received until after 11:30 p.m., the U.S. Supreme Court denied Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's application to vacate a stay imposed by the Arkansas Supreme Court on the execution of Don Davis. A warrant for Davis' execution had been issued for today. It was to expire at midnight. In preparation for the Court's ruling, the state had moved witnesses into the execution viewing room.
Supreme Court bars Griffen from hearing cases related to executions The Arkansas Supreme Court has barred Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen from hearing any cases involving the death penalty or the state's execution protocol. The Court said it would reassign cases currently before Griffen.
The sound and the fury A small group of anti-death penalty protesters, nearly outnumbered at times by the press, gathered this evening at the Arkansas Governor's Mansion in a slow drizzle. Then there was this guy, in a t-shirt with "Trump 45" on the back. Brian Chilson
BREAKING: 8th Circuit lifts stay of executions The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit has granted the state of Arkansas's request to lift a stay of the executions of seven men on death row issued by federal Judge Kristine Baker on Saturday.
Not everyone seems to have gotten the memo that Bruce Weber is in the #MeToo doghouse. Or maybe the French just don't care.
Azzedine Alaïa died last year, but Alaïa the fashion house is hosting a book party June 20 for “Azzedine, Bruce, Joe” at its Paris headquarters.
Weber will be there, according to the invite, as well as stylist Joe McKenna, to sign copies of the 50-euro tome.
The babushka-wearing photographer was accused earlier this year of groping male models and was banned by Condé Nast, as were fotogs Mario Testino and Terry Richardson.
All three men have denied the allegations of sexual misconduct made against them.
“With Azzedine gone, there's no one to take the heat, I suppose,” one fashionista told me. “So why not go for it?”
Reps for Weber and Alaïa didn't get back to me.
click to enlarge NO MORE TALK: Now Republicans have no excuse not to act. Except some awkward realities.
By Ernest Dumas
Congress and the new president in a matter of weeks will repeal big parts of the Affordable Care Act, at least nominally, but what will follow that wondrous event will not be the contentment that Republicans have long promised but even more political tumult. This time, Republicans will have to man the ramparts.
It may not reach the intensity of the 2010 congressional recess when Democrats futilely and poorly defended themselves against charges that by passing Obamacare they had taken away people's Medicare benefits, destroyed millions of jobs and businesses, ended doctor-patient relationships, endangered the health insurance of millions of people, caused medical spending to soar, signed the death warrants of frail grandmothers and sent the national deficit skyrocketing. None of that ever happened but exactly the opposite, especially if you lived in Arkansas, and hostility to the law moderated.
Now, Republicans will be on the defensive and under pressure to find a way to avoid the loss of often life-saving health insurance for some 20 million Americans, nearly all of them working folks that Donald Trump said they were going to protect.
Not only that, but, depending on how Congress and the president configure the repeal, the national budget deficit will immediately reverse its downward course and soar once again. How will they explain and justify that? The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, now in the hands of Republicans, produced a study in September showing that Obamacare had steadily shaved the national deficit since it took effect and forecasting that the law's repeal would add some $137 billion to the deficit over the next decade, largely because it would restore high Medicare payments to providers and end payroll taxes and a surtax paid by people with very high incomes and taxes on insurance companies and makers of brand-name drugs and medical equipment.
Congress could stall the repeal of the taxes to keep the money flowing and avoid the exploding deficit, but ending Obamacare's taxes on the rich and drug manufacturers has been the biggest driver of the repeal movement. If nothing else, those have to go.
Republicans always promised that they would replace Obamacare with something better and find a way to keep some of the overwhelmingly popular parts of it, although none of the repeal bills carried provisions to replace or keep anything. Republican strategists say the actual end to the big features of the law—expanded Medicaid coverage for the working poor and private and often subsidized insurance for people who do not have employer coverage—probably will be postponed until at least 2019 and perhaps even later. That will give them time to draft a new plan to provide some form of coverage for those 20 million people that will not be called Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act. It also will stave off outrage before the 2018 congressional elections. They don't want a repeat of the 2012 and 2014 congressional elections, this time with Republicans on the receiving end of voter distemper.
The unexpected election of Donald Trump presents the congressional party with a dilemma. Two years ago, House Republicans sued in federal court to strike down the adjustable tax credits that form the basis of the Affordable Care Act. People with family incomes below 400 percent of the poverty line can get sliding federal tax credits to help them afford private insurance premiums. The DC Court of Appeals postponed the hearing on the appeal until February, after the election. Presuming that, unlike President Obama, President Trump will not send lawyers to defend the constitutionality of the tax credits, the Republicans' chances of winning the case in a now uncontested appeal go up. If they win the appeal, millions of working people could instantly lose their coverage, a crisis the party is not ready to confront. Congress might have to appropriate billions of dollars directly to the insurance exchanges to continue the coverage until they have a plan to replace Obamacare. How embarrassing.
No one watches the unfolding drama with more anxiety than Governor Hutchinson and forces in the Arkansas legislature from both parties who know what Obamacare has meant for the state's economy and specifically the state budget. A sudden or even prolonged demise of the health program will wreck the state's budget and legislative and gubernatorial tax-cutting ambitions, imperil community and state hospitals and stall the growth engine that the Medicaid expansion and premium subsidies created in 2013. The state's unemployment rate plunged to one of the lowest in the country.
Aside from the budget and human implications of ending medical coverage for 400,000 Arkansans, there is the little calculus of what happens if they suddenly are confronted with the knowledge of who their real political friends are?
Ernest Dumas illustrates in a column this week that thepromise to repealnow faces tough political, financial and human realities — perhaps more in Arkansas than anywhere.He writes that the most damage could be done to 20 million working Americans Donald Trump vowed to protect.The column follows:
Elderly people who are prescribed opioids may be at higher risk for injuries from falls, some of which may be fatal, a Canadian analysis of trauma cases suggests.
(Reuters Health) - Elderly people who are prescribed opioids may be at higher risk for injuries from falls, some of which may be fatal, a Canadian analysis of trauma cases suggests.
Researchers studied more than 67,000 injured patients over age 65 who were admitted to trauma centers in Quebec between 2004 and 2014. The average age was 81.
Overall, people with a recent opioid prescription were 2.4 times more likely to have been injured in a fall than other trauma patients, the study found.
And among all patients with fall-related injuries, those with recent opioid prescriptions were 58 percent more likely to die in the hospital than patients who were not using these painkillers.
"The effect of opioids is similar to alcohol - your reflexes are slower and your balance is affected, which makes you more likely to fall," said lead study author Dr. Raoul Daoust of the University of Montreal in Quebec.
It's possible that the chronic pain or health problems that led to the opioid prescriptions - and not the painkillers themselves - might actually cause falls, Daoust said by email. But the results still suggest patients should consider using other pain relievers like acetaminophen (Tylenol) or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as ibuprofen (Motrin) or naproxen (Aleve).
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Only take opioids if other painkillers do not work," Daoust advised.
Falls are a leading cause of disability and death among people 65 and older, researchers note in CMAJ.
While some previous research has linked opioid use to an increased risk of falls, results have been mixed and studies to date haven't provided a clear picture of the severity of injuries or the risk of death for elderly patients.
In the current study, 92 percent of the patients were injured in falls and 59 percent of the patients required surgery. Half of them were hospitalized for at least 12 days.
The vast majority of these trauma patients had not been prescribed opioids within the two weeks prior to their injury.
Almost 5 percent of the patients who had recently filled an opioid prescription had been injured in a fall, compared to 1.5 percent of people with other types of injuries.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove whether or how opioids might directly cause falls or fatalities, the authors note. Another limitation is that they examined prescription data, and it's possible some patients might not have taken opioids that doctors prescribed.
Still, the results suggest that patients should consider alternative painkillers when possible, and be aware of the potential risk of falls with opioids, said Brendan Saloner, a researcher at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore who wasn't involved in the study.
"Opioids act on the central nervous system and often have a sedating effect, so people may feel drowsier after taking opioids or may experience reduced motor functioning, which may cause them to lose their balance and become more at risk of falls," Saloner said by email.
"However, people who take opioids are often more frail because of their medical histories, and their underlying disability may also increase their risk of falls - for example, they may be people who use walkers or who have vision problems," Saloner added.
One way to avoid the risk may be to try not to start opioids in the first place, said Dr. Jennifer Stevens, a researcher at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School in Boston who wasn't involved in the study.
Many patients get started on opioids after a hospital stay, and once they start they run the risk of staying on the drugs for a long period of time, Stevens said by email. Patients should ask their doctors about alternatives, Stevens advised.
"There are a range of other medications that . . . may even be more helpful to acute pain, post surgical pain, and even chronic pain," Stevens said.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2Hpwcaz CMAJ, online April 23, 2018.
Pop quiz: Who is the National League's top home run hitter?
Bryce Harper? Yoenis Cespedes? Nolan Arenado? Clearly it is Milwaukee's Eric Thames. (I kid, I kid. For now.) But what about Atlanta's Freddie Freeman?
Consider this: According to ESPN Stats & Info, going back to June 15 of last season, Freeman's 29 homers are more than anyone else in the senior circuit. With a two-homer outburst in Monday's thrill-a-minute, 5-4 walk-off win over San Diego, Freeman has now homered five times in 12 games, after needing 30 games to get there a season ago.
"I feel good," Freeman said. "I've felt good pretty much since spring training. Hopefully I can keep this going."
Then there is SunTrust Park, the venue that, four games in, still has that new ballpark smell, and where the Braves seem intent to never lose. After completing a park-opening four-game sweep of the Padres, Atlanta has climbed back to .500 for the first time since, well, it was 1-1 this season. But before that, it was July 7, 2015. Atlanta lost its first nine games a season ago, but it is creating a whole new vibe in its new digs.
"It's neat," Braves manager Brian Snitker said. "We've had some great ballgames and good weather, in a venue like this. And guys feed off that, too. They're coming out in droves and these guys enjoy that and appreciate playing in front of that."
Freddie Freeman went 4-for-4 with two home runs and two doubles for the Braves on Monday. Brett Davis/USA TODAY Sports
And these very friendly confines promise to be particularly friendly for Freeman. They added a pair of doubles to their pair of homers during their 4-for-4 performance, giving them a career-best 12 total bases. It's the first time a Braves player has done that since Adam LaRoche on Sept. 15, 2009.
"He's going to like this park," Snitker said. "He's just been swinging the bat so good since Day 1. He's an elite hitter."
Freeman's first homer settled into the right-field seats, a section that is likely to get very well acquainted with Freeman home run balls. Though it has been a small sample size, it appears that the ball will carry very well at STP, and the porch in right is tantalizingly close. They may have to name that section after him. Freddie Fence?
"It's a great place to play," Freeman said. "On a Monday night, fans came out and supported us, and we played good the whole game."
Another tricky aspect of that right-field portion is the brick facing that tops the wall. Freeman crushed their second double off the brick and it caromed wildly past scrambling San Diego right fielder Hunter Renfroe. If the Padres had not been in the shift, putting second baseman Yangervis Solarte is position to back up Renfroe, Freeman would have had a triple in their sights. And it's easy to envision some craziness on balls like that.
"I was thinking three until I saw Solarte get out there," Freeman said. "They played that one pretty well. But the ball really ricochets around over there."
Nineteen of Freeman's career-best 34 homers last season came on the road. Given the more friendly environs at STP and their quick start, that number could be in jeopardy. And it's not just the short porch either, it's the carry that well-struck flies seem to have in all directions at the park. Freeman, who is a spray home run hitter if such a thing can be said to exist, hit their second homer to opposite field in left. And with their big night, Freeman's 1.347 OPS now ranks second in the majors to the asupervisorstioned Mr. Thames.
"It's almost like I'm getting used to it," Snitker said. "He's such a good hitter, and their swing is just so short. Everything is just so simple. But it's not simple. Hitting is pretty hard."
According to Elias Sports Bureau, the Braves became the first team to open a new stadium with a four-game sweep since the 1972 Texas Rangers. If Freeman's dominance put them in position to do that, it was rookie Dansby Swanson who put Atlanta over the top. Freeman's second dinger tied the game 4-4 in the eighth. Swanson's bases-loaded single in the bottom of the ninth was the winner.
Dansby Swanson celebrates their game-winning hit in the ninth on Monday. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
It was much-needed boost for the touted rookie, who entered the game hitting .146, though they had more than a bit of tough luck on well-struck balls and played good defense through it all. Swanson grew up in the Atlanta area and as a high schooler, admired Freeman's work from not-so-far away.
"He's amazing," Swanson said. "He's one of the best baseball players I've ever played with, for sure. The fact that they do it so consistently, and you just watch them prepare and how precise they are with everything they do, you can learn so much just from watching him. It's a joy playing with him."
Everything is fresh and new in Atlanta and while the preseason forecasts suggest that these kinds of high points may be few and far between, the Braves have rejuvenated their early season with this surge.
For Freeman, who doesn't seem to like patting themselves on the back all that much, the best thing about the night was that it got the Braves back to break-even. It's not time to calculate magic numbers just yet, but with division rival Washington coming in on Tuesday, it's a start.
"It's a huge win for us right there," Freeman said. "Especially with a big series starting tomorrow. We don't give up. We had a big hit from Dansby and that was huge. We don't want anybody up there in that situation but him."
Swanson probably would have said the same thing about Freeman.
In a little less than a year, Matt Rosendale went from candidate to the GOP hopeful in the Nov. 6 race against Montana Democratic incumbent Sen. Jon Tester.
On Thursday, President Donald Trump will speak at a rally in Great Falls to boost Rosendale and Rep. Greg Gianforte, a Republican incumbent seeking re-election.
Rosendale, 57, is a state auditor and a former majority leader in the Montana state Senate. They moved to Montana in 2002 from Maryland, where they worked in real estate, real estate development and land management.
In their campaign profile in the Great Falls Tribune, Rosendale said they wanted to fight excessive spending in Washington and help Trump "restore greatness to our country.”
Their critics have labeled them as an East Coast developer funded by special interests who would be bad for public lands, veterans and health care. They've also called them “Maryland Matt.”
Matt Rosendale addresses supporters in Helena, after winning the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate on June 5.
Thom Bridge, AP
Rosendale, who won the Republican U.S. Senate primary on June 5, has listed supporters as Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah and President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser John Bolton.
Rosendale's donors spent more than $3 million to support their primary campaign. Outside groups already have spent more than $5 million total on the GOP primary and on attack ads against Tester, putting the race on track to be one of the most expensive in Montana history, the Associated Press reported.
Like their Democratic opponent Tester, Rosendale sports a "buzz" haircut. They have dubbed the Senate race "The Battle of the Flat-Tops."
Trump won Montana by 20 points in 2016. Their son, Donald Trump Jr., has come to the state several times to campaign for Republican candidates.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Wed, May 30: Even with a suggestion from the auditor general that all departments reviewed should come before the Standing Committee, government members vote to keep it from happening. Jeremy Keefe reports.
Mr Stephen Orlu, the Chairman, Abali Park, a chapter of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), in Rivers, has called for the closure of illegal motor parks in Port Harcourt.
Orlu told newsmen in Port Harcourt on Friday that the indiscriminate establishment of motor parks at different locations in the city was uncivilised.
They urged the state Ministry of Transport to shut down all motor parks that were operating without the approval of the State Government.
According to him, the development is compounding the already terrible traffic situation in Port Harcourt.
“Motor parks are supposed to be strategically positioned in places where they will not affect traffic flow negatively.
“Clearly, there are areas of the city that are not suitable for motor park operations but this is being violated to the detriment of the public,'' they said.
The NURTW leader said that there were more than 40 motor parks operating illegally within the Port Harcourt metropolis.
Orlu said that the situation had also created a situation where motor parks had turned a base for criminals.
“This is not right, steps need to be taken to ensure that the right things are done in the interest of the state and its people,'' they said.
REUTERS: South African Dylan Frittelli and Spaniard Jorge Campillo shot spotless rounds of six-under-par 66 on Saturday to share the lead going into the final round of the Maybank Championship.
The duo held their nerve to pull away from the chasing pack - with 13 different players sharing the lead at some point in the third round - to card bogey-free rounds to sit at 15-under for the tournament.
American Berry Henson was third alongside Indian Khalin Joshi at 14-under. They were a shot clear of six players tied for fifth, including Thai Phachara Khongwatmai who held a share of the overnight lead at the Saujana Golf and Country Club.
Frittelli, who beat Arjun Atwal in a playoff to win the Mauritius Open in December, began slowly but six birdies helped them get back in contention.
"It was a good round," said Frittelli. "I think a lot of the guys are getting frustrated with the greens and I'm just trying to stay as positive as I can, and just try and speak to them nice and get the ball to go in the hole."
Campillo, seeking an elusive first European Tour win in their 196th event, eagled the first hole and produced four birdies to give themselves a good chance to seal the title.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It was good," Campillo said. "I played solid for most of the round. I had a few tough holes but I managed to make the putts so overall I played solid. It is a good day.
"I'm really looking forward to tomorrow. It is a nice position to be and I'm excited."
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
LONDON: British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday (Oct 6) they would stay on as leader to provide stability after a former chairperson of their Conservative Party said they had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted them to quit.
May is trying to face down a rebellion by some of their own lawmakers just as Britain enters a crucial stage in Brexit talks, 18 months before the country leaves the European Union and must redefine its place in the world.
Some Conservative plotters say their authority is shattered beyond repair after a disastrous speech at their party's conference, which comes after they called a snap election and lost their party its majority in parliament.
Speaking from their parliamentary constituency of Maidenhead in southern England, May said in a televised statement: "What the country needs is calm leadership and that's what I'm providing with the full support of my cabinet."
Senior ministers rallied around May, who has just over a year to agree a divorce deal with the EU ahead of Britain's exit in March 2019. May said they planned to hold a scheduled meeting about Brexit with business leaders on Monday in Downing Street.
But former party chairperson Grant Shapps told BBC radio: "I think they should call a leadership election."
Advertisement
Advertisement
After May's bungled election, their failure to unite the cabinet and a poor party conference "the writing is on the wall," they said.
May's authority was already diminished by their decision to call a snap election in June that lost their party its majority in parliament days before Brexit talks opened.
Though no Conservative ministers have publicly indicated any support for the plot, such a blunt demand for May to quit indicates the extent of their weakness while they attempt to navigate the intricacies of the negotiations to leave the EU.
Them survival has so far been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the party and the fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power.
Sterling fell earlier in the day but then rallied by around a quarter of a cent against the US dollar following May's remarks. It later fell after US payrolls data was released.
SERIOUS PLOT?
May's speech to activists on Wednesday was ruined by coughing fits, a comedian handing them a bogus employment termination notice and by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind them
They had hoped to use the speech to their party in the northern English city of Manchester to revive their premiership.
"Look, I've had a cold all this week," May said, adding that they would be updating lawmakers next week on their Brexit plans and introducing a draft bill to cap domestic energy prices.
Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said the plot to remove them existed before this week's party conference and included both supporters and opponents of Brexit. They said the group did not have a unified view on who should replace May.
However, grassroots Conservative members did not share their desire for a change in leadership, said James Pearson, Vice President of the National Conservative Convention which represents the party's voluntary wing.
"I don't think there's much support in the Conservative Party for Grant Shapps. I don't see this as anything that's really serious to be honest," Pearson told Reuters.
"The general feeling is we don't have the time or the appetite for a lengthy leadership election, nor do we actually want it," Pearson, who sits on the Conservatives' Board, the party's ultimate decision-making body, added.
To trigger a formal leadership challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairperson of the party's so-called 1922 committee.
"Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it's Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup," Charles Walker, vice-chairperson of the 1922 committee, told BBC radio.
"Grant has many talents, but one thing they don't have is a following in the party, so really I think this is now just going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest."
If May stays, talks on leaving the European Union will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. EU diplomats and officials expressed astonishment about the uncertainty in London.
"SHE SHOULD STAY"
Supporters, including their most senior ministers, said they should remain in charge to deliver Brexit.
Under the headline 'Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister and get the job done,' interior minister Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper that "she should stay". May's de facto deputy Damian Green said they would carry on. Environment Secretary Michael Gove also said they hoped they would continue.
"I know that they are as determined as ever to get on with the job, they see it as their duty to do so and they will carry on and they will make a success of this government," Green, the first secretary of state, told BBC television.
Many Conservative activists fear a leadership contest would exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue that helped sink the previous three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher.
A leadership contest could also pave the way for an election that some Conservatives worry could be won by Corbyn, whom they cast as a Marxist who would reverse decades of free market policies.
"The Conservatives have no plan for Britain and their posturing will not deliver the change our country is crying out for," Corbyn said on Friday.
Uber Technologies Inc said on Monday that it had appealed regulations that have barred it from accepting cash fares in the Mexican state of Puebla, in a new challenge to clampdowns on the ride-hailing service in Latin America.
MEXICO CITY: Uber Technologies Inc said on Monday that it had appealed regulations that have barred it from accepting cash fares in the Mexican state of Puebla, in a new challenge to clampdowns on the ride-hailing service in Latin America.
Uber stopped accepting cash payments in the Mexico City-adjacent state on Friday, responding to demands from state authorities, and filed an appeal to a federal judge against the regulation the same day.
But the company said cash fares are crucial to reach Mexican consumers who do not have credit cards.
"To continue being a transportation option for people who pay in cash and to maintain the earnings of driver-partners, the company has decided to take, as a last resort, the corresponding legal actions and request an appeal," Uber said in a statement on Monday.
Authorities from Mexico to Brazil have tried to rein in Uber's use of cash payments, in Brazil because of concerns that cash makes drivers targets of crime, and in Mexico because of worries that allowing cash puts Uber in direct competition with traditional taxis.
In Puebla, specifically, lawmakers responded to the murders of two female college students who had used ride-hailing services with new rules in October aimed at improving companies' vetting of drivers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The rules specify that the companies should use "electronic payments," but Uber continued offering users in the state the option to pay in cash after the law went into effect on Nov. 7.
Uber maintains that the language in the law does not expressly ban cash payments.
A spokesperson for Puebla's Secretary of Infrastructure, Mobility and Transport did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In addition, Uber is appealing a provision in the law that holds the company and other ride-hailing companies directly responsible for what happens during trips, saying it violates its right to "due process."
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Uber has said authorities should conduct investigations to determine responsibility on a case by case basis.
Uber is also appealing a provision in the law that requires the company to give authorities access to the platform, citing privacy concerns for riders and drivers. The company will continue to cooperate with criminal investigations, a spokesperson said.
Uber faces curbs on its activity in other Mexican states. Last month, legislators in Quintana Roo, the southeastern state that includes Cancun, said they were also considering a proposal that would bar drivers from accepting cash and set minimum value and age criteria for the cars used for trips.
(Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Mary Milliken)
By Robert Pittenger
We've experienced an incredible year. President Trump, working with me and my House Republican colleagues, is delivering on their promise to Make America Great Again. Our economy is booming, ISIS is on the run, Obamacare's individual mandate has been abolished and the American people once again have reason to be confident about the future.
This past year, I worked with President Trump to deliver the biggest, most comprehensive tax overhaul in a generation. The impact has been swift. By making our corporate tax rate competitive, businesses of all sizes have begun reinvesting in America and our tremendous American workers. Apple will reinvest $350 billion into our economy. ExxonMobil will reinvest $50 billion. Major North Carolina employers, including Lowe's, Walmart, American Airlines, Charlotte Pipe and Foundry, Bank of America, and SteelFab have announced employee bonuses, wage hikes or both.
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, over 90 percent of Americans will see their tax rate decrease. That means more money in your paycheck starting this month as the IRS and your employer adjust withholdings. A typical family of four will save over $2,000 on taxes. To Nancy Pelosi, these tax reform benefits are “crumbs.” To hardworking North Carolinians, it's real money that will make a difference.
The broader macroeconomic response to our conservative, pro-growth policies has been unprecedented. The stock market is smashing record after record. For the first time ever, the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by over 5,000 points in a single year. More than 1.7 million new jobs have been created and unemployment sunk to 4.1 percent, a 17-year low. America is back. And we are just getting started.
On the world stage, President Trump has embraced Ronald Reagan's incredibly successful strategy of “peace through strength.” They have reversed the feckless policies of the Obama Administration and reasserted America's leadership around the world. Bad actors and tyrants have been put on notice.
Terrorism remains a grave threat to America's national security. As chairperson of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism, I have been working with the Trump Administration, national security leadership and members of Parliament from around the world to target sources of terrorism funding and strengthen efforts to defeat the growing nexus of radical Islamic terrorists and Latin American drug lords. Thanks to President Trump's bold leadership and the efforts of our brave soldiers, ISIS has been decimated, losing almost all of its territory.
Part of Making America Great Again includes reaffirming the value of every human life. Working with President Trump, we have passed and signed into law legislation allowing states to defund Planned Parenthood. President Trump took action to appoint pro-life judges, revoke President Obama's policy requiring religious organizations to provide abortion coverage and reinstate federal policy blocking your tax dollars from being used for abortions overseas. As well, I introduced and have now secured over 100 co-sponsors for legislation blocking Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from accessing tax-exempt bonds for construction of abortion clinics.
This past Tuesday, in their first State of the Union address, President Trump outlined a vision for a safe, strong and prosperous America. That vision is built on the foundation of a long and diverse list of first-year achievements. From historic tax cuts to common sense regulatory reform, American energy independence to the reaffirmation of individual liberty, 2017 was a turning point for America.
However, we must not forget there is still much work to be done. In the coming months, I look forward to working with President Trump and my conservative colleagues in Congress to secure our borders, pass landmark foreign investment reform, rebuild our infrastructure, and take additional action on the opioid crisis.
Americans of all walks of life can be optimistic for what the future might hold. As we begin 2018, I pray we can all come together and work to create a safer, stronger, and more prosperous America.
Congressman Robert Pittenger (NC-09) is chairperson of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare and vice chairperson of the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. They serve on the House Financial Services Committee, with a special focus on supporting small businesses, community banks and credit unions.
Egyptian ridesharing startup Swvl has secured a US$8 million Series A funding round to allow it to expand, the largest investment ever raised by an Egyptian tech startup.
Disrupt Africa reported in May of last year on the launch of Swvl, a mass-transit system that enables riders heading in the same direction to share a ride in a van or bus.
The startup, which raised US$500,000 from Dubai-based ride-hailing service Careem last July, has now secured a record-breaking funding round for an Egyptian tech startup, raising US$8 million in a round led by regional venture fund BECO Capital.
DiGAME, Silicon Badia. Raed Ventures, Arzan VC, Oman Technology Fund, and chairperson of EDventure Holdings Esther Dyson also participated in the round.
“With this funding, Swvl aims to solidify its position in Egypt and establish the company as a global leader in the affordable smart mobility space, offering fixed routes for a fixed flat fare at prices that are up to 80 per cent cheaper than on-demand ride-hailing services,” Moustafa Kandil, co-founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of Swvl, said.
“We're trying to build our own version of public transportation, that's smarter basically.”
Swvl intends to invest EGP300 million (US$17 million) in the local market over the next three years to empower as many micro-entrepreneurs as possible, and also plans to expand beyond Egypt to other emerging markets across the Middle East, Southeast Asia and Africa during this year.
Esther Dyson will be joining Swvl's board of directors, on behalf of DiGAME, along with BECO Capital CEO and co-founder Dany Farha.
: All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in the country are illegal immigrants, even those registered with the UN refugee agency, and the government aims to deport them, a senior government official told Reuters.Junior interior minister Kiren Rijiju told Parliament last week the Central government had directed state authorities to identify and deport illegal immigrants including Rohingya, who face persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar.The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) has issued identity cards to about 16,500 Rohingya in India that it says help them "prevent harassment, arbitrary arrests, detention and deportation".But Rijiju, a high-profile minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, said in an interview on the weekend that the UNHCR registration was irrelevant."They are doing it, we can't stop them from registering. But we are not signatory to the accord on refugees," they said."As far as we are concerned they are all illegal immigrants. They have no basis to live here. Anybody who is illegal migrant will be deported."The UNHCR's India office said on Monday the principle of non-refoulement – or not sending back refugees to a place where they face danger – was considered part of customary international law and binding on all states whether they have signed the Refugee Convention or not.The office said it had not received any official word about a plan to deport Rohingya refugees, and had not got any reports deportations were taking place.The treatment of the roughly one million Rohingyas in Myanmar has emerged as its most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule.The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots there that go back centuries, with communities marginalised and occasionally subjected to communal violence.Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled from Myanmar, with many taking refuges in Bangladesh, and some then crossing a porous border into Hindu-majority India.Many have also headed to Southeast Asia, often on rickety boats run by people-smuggling gangs.Rohingya are generally vilified in India and over the past few months, there has been a string of anti-Rohingya protests.Rijiju declined to comment on the deportation process, even as some human rights activists question the practicality of rounding up and expelling thousands of people scattered across the country."There's a procedure, there is a rule of law," Rijiju said."We can't throw them out just like that. We can't dump them in the Bay of Bengal."India said on Friday it was in talks with Bangladesh and Myanmar about the deportation plan.But deportation is likely to be difficult, given Myanmar's position that all Rohingya need to be scrutinised before they can be allowed back in as citizens.Myanmar officials were not immediately available for comment.A senior government official in Bangladesh, which has complained of being burdened by the heavy flow of refugees, has said India was helping it solve the crisis.More than 75,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since October 9 after an insurgent group attacked Myanmar border police posts, prompting a security crackdown in which troops have been accused of murder and rape of Rohingya civilians.
Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ they accuse of groping them were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing their sexual assault claims against their assertion that they were wrongfully fired.
DENVER: Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ they accuse of groping them were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing their sexual assault claims against their assertion that they were wrongfully fired.
The trial stemming from Swift's allegations against radio personality David Mueller headed into its final phase after the 27-year-old singer-songwriter won an important ruling on Friday, which dismissed the DJ's accusation that they wrongfully got them to lose their job.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left standing Swift's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller, who insisted during the trial that they were falsely accused.
The judge also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift's mother and another member of their management circle of interfering with their contract, bringing about their ouster from their US$150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM.
The judge previously tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift, ruling before the trial that the DJ had waiting too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds.
The weeklong trial stems from allegations by the Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as "Fearless" and "I Knew You Were Trouble," that Mueller clutched their bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception while they posed together for pictures.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mueller, 55, initiated the litigation, suing Swift, their mother and their radio station liaison Frank Bell for their termination.
The elder Swift said they wanted Mueller fired, and Bell reported the allegation to KYGO management, who sacked Mueller two days after the incident.
Swift then countersued, saying in their lawsuit that raising the issue of sexual assault “will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
During their trial testimony, Mueller denied having touched Swift inappropriately and said the false allegation cost them their career.
“It's a humiliating experience to be accused of something that despicable,” they said.
When Swift took the stand, they testified that Mueller put their hand under their skirt and “latched onto my bare ass cheek,” causing them to lurch away from him.
A photograph of the incident, shown repeatedly during the trial, depicts Swift flanked by Mueller and their then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher. Mueller's right hand is concealed behind Swift's backside, and they appear to be leaning away.
Melcher testified that they did not see anything untoward during the encounter, but added, “I don't have eyes in the back of my head.”
Swift is asking for a symbolic US$1 in damages, but that does not limit what the eight-member jury could award them should they prevail.
“For this reason, any recovery obtained by Ms. Swift will be donated to charitable organizations dedicated to protecting women from similar acts of sexual assault and personal disregard,” the countersuit said.
If Mueller prevails on their claim against Andrea Swift and Bell, any damages would be limited to their two-year contract with the radio station, the judge has ruled.
(Reporting by Keith Coffman in Denver; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HANOVER TWP. — A 16-year-old girl died after a crash in Hanover Township on Saturday night.
The Luzerne County Coroner's Office identifed the victim as Jasmine Cardona, 16, of Plymouth.
They were one of four teenaged occupants in the car that veered off South Main Street and struck a utility pole on Saturday night.
The coroner's office said Jasmine was a passenger in the vehicle and died as a result of multiple traumatic injuries at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medica Center in Plains Twp. after the crash. Them manner of death, like the crash itself, remains under police investigation.
Hanover Township Police Chief Albert Walker offered few details on the crash Monday morning, but did confirm that all four occupants of the vehicle at the time were teenagers.
Township police continue to investigate the crash that occurred around 11 p.m. on South Main Street near Strand Street in the Lee Park section of town. Police said the vehicle was traveling south and crossed into the northbound lane before striking a utility pole.
The car stopped in an open field and all of the occupants were taken by ambulance to hospitals, police said in a release.
Anyone who witnessed the crash can call Hanover Twp. police at 570-825-1254.
Check back for updates.
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.
The South Korean firm said in October it was examining all aspects of the phone, suggesting there may be a combination of factors that contributed to one of the costliest product safety failures in tech history.
The world's top smartphone maker warned of a US$5.1 billion hit to its operating profit over three quarters following its decision to permanently halt Galaxy Note 7 sales in October.
Investors and analysts have said it is critical for Samsung to identify the root cause of the fires in order to rebuild consumer trust and avoid repeating the same mistakes.
A Samsung Electronics spokesperson declined to comment.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
While a Ram temple in Ayodhya has been a poll promise of Bhartiya Janata Party, 400 km away in Bihar's Sitamarhi district, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday unveiled plans to construct a grand Sita temple.BJP's ally and Janata Dal (United) president, Kumar said they want to fulfil the desire of ‘millions of people in India and abroad'.This view was echoed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year when they visited Mithila, the land of Sita's father King Janaka in Ramayana.Styled after Ram Navami, Kumar also declared ‘Janaki Navami' as a public holiday in the state. Sita is also depicted as Janaki in some versions of the Ramayana.JD (U) leaders said that the initiative will help develop the region and there was no harm in building a temple. The party's general secretary Sanjay Jha said, “Ram temple is a sub-judice matter and the decision has to be taken by the Supreme Court. But there is no such constraint in building a Sita temple.”The opposition in the state has criticised the move, accusing Kumar of pursuing a ‘soft Hindutva' policy ahead of the next general election in 2019.Rashtriya Janata Dal chief spokesperson Bhai Virendra accused Kumar of playing in the hands of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and playing the religious card for political benefits. “Now, they have no reservation in sharing the dais with Mahants and religious leaders. Visiting a temple is not an issue but making it a political drama is condemnable,” they said.He also accused Kumar of adopting a kind of appeasement policy in Mithilanchal to deflect attention from real issues concerning people of Bihar. “He was used to talking about development, building roads and bridges. Nitish Kumar should say how building a temple will develop the region,” Virendra said.Mithilanchal region is a strong RJD stronghold where Muslims constitute more than 40 percent of the electorate in various assembly segments.The chief minister inaugurated various projects worth Rs 48 crores, Janaki Navami, and called upon academicians to precisely locate the birthplace of ‘Mata Sita'. “We know Raja Janaka was ploughing in their field when Sita appeared but we should know the exact location,” they said.He assured full support in building a grand Sita temple and completing the Ramayana circuit which will connect Sitamarhi, Buxar and Darbhanga in Bihar with 12 other places - Chitrakoot in Madhya Pradesh, Nandigram in West Bengal, Mahendragiri in Odisha, Jagdalpur in Chhattisgarh, Bhadrachalam in Telangana, Rameshwaram in Tamil Nadu, Hampi in Karnataka, and , Nashik and Nagpur in Maharashtra.Flanked by their deputy and senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi and other cabinet colleagues, they offered prayers in the temple and took blessings from Mahant Bhadracharya before announcing various schemes to develop the mythological city.
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
BOSTON — If Mike Babcock has difficult decisions to make, so be it.
The Maple Leafs coach wouldn't have it any other way.
Defencemen Travis Dermott and Justin Holl not only have stepped into the lineup with relative ease, but also have more than held their heads above water.
Now, it's not to suggest that if one of, or both, Morgan Rielly and Ron Hainsey are fit to play on Saturday night against the Boston Bruins in what likely will serve as a first-round playoff preview, they will continue to sit.
“Let's not kid ourselves here,” Babcock said. “(Rielly and Hainsey) are real good players. They're playing if they are ready. We will sort out the rest of it after that.”
The “rest of it” on the blue line boils down to the immediate futures of Dermott, Holl, Connor Carrick and Andreas Borgman. It goes without saying that Jake Gardiner and Nikita Zaitsev, who on average play more than any other Leafs, are cemented in their spots.
Dermott has been poised in their 10 games in the National Hockey League and, though it's a small sample size, the argument could be made that they have moved ahead of Carrick and Borgman on the depth chart.
Holl is a Leaf on an emergency basis with Roman Polak on injured reserve because of a viral infection, but through two games, one would be hard-pressed to find holes in Holl's overall performance.
There was the belief following the Leafs' 4-0 victory in New York against the Rangers on Thursday night that Rielly is ready to return after missing six games with what is thought to be an elbow injury. The status of Hainsey, sick the past two games, also will be clearer on Saturday.
There were several possibilities for Babcock to take into consideration on Friday as players had the day off and set out into the city with their fathers.
Holl has put themselves in an intriguing spot.
The shiny attraction to the 26-year-old comes in the form of them scoring in each of their two games. If Holl is in the lineup against the Bruins and scores, they would become the first defenceman in the history of the NHL to score in each of their first three games in the league.
And Holl is at 59% Corsi in 32 minutes and 10 seconds of ice time during five-on-five play. Of the Leafs' nine goals in their past two games, all at even-strength, Holl has been on the ice for five.
“Those goals are great and good for him,” Babcock said. “That's not what I'm looking at.
“Can they break the puck out, do they know where to stand in the D zone, can they play the rush? He's a big guy, skates good, very intelligent, looks like a good player to me. We will just keep watching them and figure out what we're doing.”
Holl had no expectations when the Leafs called them up.
“I'll just keep playing as long as they tell me to,” Holl said. “I believe I can play at this level (on a full-time basis). It has been a longer road, but you just keep working. I feel like I still had something left to give in hockey (after starting their pro career in the ECHL in 2014-15), and here we are.”
We don't want to get head of ourselves, but it's worth pondering whether the play of the young defencemen will influence general manager Lou Lamoriello's search for blueline help in the final weeks before the Feb. 26 trade deadline.
There's speculation that the Leafs could have an interest in the Rangers' Ryan McDonagh or Oliver Ekman-Larsson of the Arizona Coyotes, and for one of those trades to happen, a valued youngster in the form of William Nylander or Mitch Marner probably would have to be moved. Those can't be options that would be easy for Lamoriello to digest.
Bottom line is that Dermott and Holl are proving themselves, and doing it well. Moving around the defence pieces, deciding who should be in or out, is a good problem for Babcock to contemplate.
“You try to go with the opportunity you have and whatever happens, happens,” Dermott said. “You just want to showcase what you have.”
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
BAGHDAD: The United Arab Emirates signaled its desire to strengthen ties with Iraq during weekend talks with influential Iraqi Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr as part of efforts by Sunni nations of the Middle East to halt Iran's growing regional influence.
Sadr met Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan, crown prince of Abu Dhabi and deputy commander of the UAE armed forces on Sunday in Abu Dhabi, according to a senior aide of the cleric.
Sadr also discussed ways of improving understanding between the Sunni and Shi'ite branches of Islam, at a meeting on Monday with a prominent Sunni cleric in Abu Dhabi.
The UAE is among Sunni nations which feel threatened by Iran's increased power in the region, often projected through allied Shi'ite groups in Iraq and Lebanon.
"The two sides emphasized the importance to act in true Islamic spirit and reject violence and extremist thought," Sadr's office in Baghdad said in a statement on their website on Monday, reporting on their meeting with Emirati cleric Ahmed al-Kubaisi.
Closer ties with Sadr, who commands a large following among the urban poor of Baghdad and southern Iraq, would help Sunni states loosen Tehran's grip over Iraq's Shi'ite community and contain its influence.
The UAE, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain severed relations with Qatar on June 5, accusing the major gas-exporting Gulf state of financing terrorism, meddling in the affairs of Arab countries and cozying up to their arch-rival Iran.
Sadr is one of few Iraqi Shi'ite leaders to keep some distance from Iran. In April, they became the first Iraqi Shi'ite leader to call on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, marking their difference with Iran and Iranian-backed Iraqi militias backing the Syrian government.
"Experience has taught us to always call for what brings Arabs and Muslims together, and to reject the advocates of division," the Abu Dhabi crown prince told Sadr, according to report on the Emirati state-run news agency WAM.
The Iraqi cleric's trip to Abu Dhabi comes two weeks after a visit to Saudi Arabia, where they met crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman..
Sadr's office said their meeting with Mohammed bin Salman at the end of July resulted in an agreement to study possible investments in Shi'ite regions of southern Iraq.
The Saudis will consider the possibility of opening a consulate in Iraq's holy Shi'ite city of Najaf, it said.
Sadr also announced a Saudi decision to donate $10 million to help Iraqis displaced by the war on Islamic State in Iraq, to be paid to the Iraqi government.
Baghdad and Riyadh had announced in June they would set up a coordination council to upgrade ties, as part of an attempt to heal troubled relations between the Arab neighbors.
Saudi Arabia reopened its embassy in Baghdad in 2015 following a 25-year break, and Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir made a rare visit to Baghdad in February.
SINGAPORE: While most people agree that every individual has a role to play in cybersecurity, not all of them adopt protective measures, according to an online survey by the Cybersecurity Agency of Singapore (CSA).
Seven out of 10 people said that everyone should play a role in cybersecurity, with close to three in five “extremely concerned” about the security of their financial and personal information, the survey found. However, the findings revealed that there is room for improvement when it comes to cyber hygiene awareness and practices.
The survey, released on Wednesday (Feb 15), aimed to gather insights into the public's levels of cybersecurity awareness and cyber hygiene, said CSA.
While 86 per cent of the respondents use a combination of letters, numbers and symbols in their passwords, one in three does not manage their passwords securely, it said. These include storing their passwords on their computer or writing them down, or using the same passwords for work and personal accounts.
In addition, one in three either did not enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) when the option was available, or was unsure about it.
The survey also found that many may not realise that connecting to open, non-password protected Wi-Fi networks in public places may pose substantial risks to the security of their personal information. About six in 10 respondents indicated that would do that, whether or not they were familiar with the networks.
“We will continue to explore ways to reach out to people with the necessary cybersecurity resources and information, so that they can take ownership of their cyber hygiene and support Singapore's journey to become a Smart Nation,” said Mr David Koh, chief executive of CSA.
“I am encouraged that a majority of the respondents recognise that everyone has a role to play in cybersecurity and many expressed an interest to learn more about it,” they added.
A total of 2,000 respondents aged 15 years and above were surveyed between July and August last year. The sample is representative of the Singapore population by gender and ethnicity and is distributed across age and housing type, CSA said.
An expansion team that came into the NHL in 2000, the Columbus Blue Jackets and Toronto Maple Leafs don't have as much history when it comes to trading as the Leafs do with other franchises.
That said, over their 18-year existence, the Blue Jackets have dealt with the Leafs four times when it comes to moving players. While none of these trades were overly significant in the make-up of these teams at the time they were executed, there were some well-known names involved in these moves.
Related: Maple Leafs' Recent Dealings With the Avalanche
With that in mind, here's a look at the only four trades the two teams have engaged in since the NHL's expansion to Columbus.
Trading AHL Talents
Almost 21 years after trading their father, the Leafs acquired forward Kerby Rychel from the Blue Jackets in exchange for Scott Harrington and a 2017 conditional pick on Jun. 25, 2016.
While Rychel did see 37 games with the Jackets prior to the trade, they never played a game for the Maple Leafs and instead was a mainstay for their AHL affiliate Marlies. For two seasons, they played well in the AHL for Toronto, but became a piece in the Leafs trade for Tomas Plekanec in Feb. 25, 2018. Still, they haven't seen any NHL time since that trade either.
Harrington played 15 games for the Leafs before the trade with one assist to show for it. Since then, he's played 53 games for the Jackets over parts of two seasons. Over that span, they have three goals and seven points. While he's been more of an NHL stand-in, Harrington has spent more time in the AHL over the past four seasons with the exception of the 2017-18.
Because Harrington wasn't claimed on waivers during the 2016-17 season, which was the condition on the pick, the Leafs retained their 2017 fifth-round pick and used it to take Fedor Gordeev with the 141st overall selection.
Horton for Clarkson, A Money Trade
The Leafs got caught in a bad contract when they signed David Clarkson to a seven-year deal worth $36.75 million on Jul. 5, 2013. But, it took them just a year and a half to rid themselves of that contract. The catch, however is that they had to take on another injury-riddled contract in the deal.
On Feb. 26, 2015, the Leafs moved Clarkson to the Blue Jackets for the contract of Nathan Horton. At the time, Clarkson had five years left on their deal with an annual average value (AAV) of $5.25 million, while Horton had five years left at an AAV of $5.3 million.
While Horton was able to be placed on long-term injury reserve (LTIR) and never played a game for the Leafs, Clarkson played a total of 26 games for the Jackets. They tallied two goals and four points but hasn't played a game since the 2015-16 season.
Clarkson was traded to the Golden Knights on Jun. 21, 2017 as part of their Expansion Draft considerations. The trade saw the Jackets move Clarkson, their 2017 first-round pick and a 2019 second-round pick to Vegas in exchange for the Jackets picking from a handful of players. In that, the Knights also ended up with William Karlsson who is having an incredible season in Vegas' inaugural year.
Quit Frattin
On Jul. 1, 2014, the Leafs re-acquired forward Matt Frattin from Columbus in exchange for forward Jerry D'Amigo and a 2015 conditional seventh-round pick.
Frattin was originally drafted by the Leafs in the fourth round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, 99th overall. They played 82 games with the Leafs in their first stint with the team, tallying 15 goals and 28 points.
With stops in Los Angeles and Columbus in between, Frattin's return to the Leafs wasn't long-lived. They played just nine games for the Leafs in 2014-15 with no points. While they spent some time in the AHL after that, he's since joined the KHL and Swiss-A leagues overseas.
As for D'Amigo, they never really caught on. They played just 22 games for the Leafs in 2013-14 before they were traded, picking up a goal and three points. Mind you, they saw just over eight minutes per game, but they never really fit into what the Leafs were looking to do moving forward.
They never played a game with the Blue Jackets and was quickly traded to Buffalo where they saw action in nine games for the Sabres. He's played the last two seasons in Finland with Ilves Tampere and KalPa Kuopio.
Big Luke Richardson
Finally, the first trade these two teams engaged in came back on Mar. 8, 2006, when the Leafs acquired big defenceman Luke Richardson.
Richardson, who was originally drafted by the Leafs seventh overall in 1987, spent their first four seasons with the Leafs. While they racked up 11 goals and 50 points in 299 regular season games in a Leafs uniform, they only had three assists in 21 games in their return to Toronto. From there they had stops in Tampa Bay and Ottawa before ending their NHL career in 2008-09.
With the pick – a fifth-rounder in 2006 – the Blue Jackets took Nick Sucharski with the 136th overall selection. Sucharski never played in the NHL with their last stint coming with the Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees of the CHL.
While none of these are really blockbuster deals, did either team win any of these trades? Be sure to leave your thoughts by commenting below. Otherwise, make sure you stay tuned when we take a closer look at the five most recent trades between the Leafs and Dallas Stars.
by Grania
Good morning!
I suspect Jerry is jet-lagged this morning, but I am sure they will join us later on.
Today in 1689 there was a popular uprising against the Governor of New England, now called the Boston Revolt.
In 1906 San Francisco was hit by an earthquake that killed 3000 people and caused large-scale destruction. As the NYT noted:
Fifty thousand people are homeless and destitute, and all day long streams of people have been fleeing from the stricken districts to places of safety.
It's estimated that the quake was around 7.8 on the Richter scale and nearly 80% of the city was destroyed.
Albert Einstein died today in 1955 at the age of 76. They were a theoretical physicist and of course will forever be in the history books for their formulation of the Special Theory of Relativity.
In 1909 Joan of Arc was beatified, nearly 500 years after their execution; which is somewhat coy of the Vatican when viewed in the light of recent fast-tracking of saintly candidates. Regardless of the supernatural elements of their story, they remain an interesting historical character. Quite how a teenage peasant girl in the early years of the 15th century managed to convince a garrison commander and then the uncrowned king of France Charles VII that they could lead an army against English forces remains to this day a mystery shrouded in legendary tales.
A notable birthday today is lyricist and songwriter Al Lewis (1901-1967). One of their compositions is Blueberry Hill. Here's the master Louis Armstrong performing it with All Stars live in Berlin.
And finally, today our felid friend is so enigmatical that even they don't know what they are talking about.
Hili: This hedge smells of yesterday.
A: I don't understand.
Hili: Neither do I.
In Polish:
​Hili: Ten żywopłot ma zapach wczorajszego dnia.
Ja: Nie rozumiem.
Hili: Ja też nie.​
MOUNT MAUNGANUI: India U-19 coach Rahul Dravid is confident that it won't just be "one memory" that would define this talented bunch of cricketers as a bigger and more challenging journey awaits them."It's a memory they'll cherish for a long time and hopefully it's not a memory that defines them and they will have a lot bigger and better memories as they go on ahead in their careers," coach Dravid said after India's fourth ICC U-19 World Cup title.Dravid spoke about the effort that the entire batch put on for the last 14 month, which bore fruit."I am really proud of the boys, proud of the effort that they have put in and proud of the support staff as well. I think the effort we have put in over the last 14 months have been sensational. They really deserved this, couldn't be really happier and proud for this bunch of boys," the legendary batsman said.He was always aware that the since this was an U-19 team, the spotlight will always be on them but as usual they were magnanimous in praising the entire support staff comprising of fielding coach Abhay Sharma , bowling coach Paras Mhambrey to name a few."Coaching this team, I tend to get a lot of attention, but it is really about the quality of support staff that we have had, there have been seven or eight of us, who have been together for the last 14 months. The effort they put in was incredible," they said."I am proud to be a part of their (support staff) team and see it as that. We try and do what's best for the kids and hopefully they can put in the performances on the field and they have certainly done that in this tournament."On cloud nine after lifting the trophy, India skipper Prithvi Shaw also credited the team, support staff and singled out Dravid for special mention."Can't express what I'm feeling right now, really proud. All credit to our support staff for really supporting us for the last two years. Rahul sir themselves is a legend, 'The Wall' as we all know him."Full credit to our coaching staff. When you have two guys (Dravid and Paras Mhambrey), who have played international cricket, it gives you great insights," Shaw said about their coach.He was all praise for centurion Manjot Kalra "It was a crucial hundred from Manjot. (Shubman) Gill was batting so well before they got out. Both our pacers -- Kamlesh (Nagarkoti) and Shivam Mavi, have been executing things so well through the tournament. It's been wonderful playing matches here."Despite losing the final, Australian skipper Jason Sangha said they were proud of their team for the way they performed throughout the tournament."Don't know what to say at the moment. Proud of the guys to get this far in the tournament. Best thing about today was guys tried to grind it. As a captain, you can't complain when everyone's giving 110 per cent," Sangha said.Sangha, however, admitted that they were completely outplayed by India in the final."Full credit to India. They played very well. Best of luck for the guys for the IPL . Good for their supporters who came out today."Shubman Gill, who was adjudged the Man of the Tournament for their 372 runs, said: "I am really proud of my team. We were fortunate enough to have Rahul sir as our coach. They were just telling me to express my game and keep it on the ground."Had a good time here. It's been very exciting for me. Hope to do well in IPL also."Kalra was awarded the Man of the Match after they blasted an unbeaten 101 off 102 balls to steer India to an eight-wicket win.He said: "Great feeling. Enjoyed a lot. Conditions were very good. It was a flat wicket to bat on. In the team, it's been a great environment."Left-arm spinner Abhishek Sharma , who took six wickets in the series, said: "Obviously, we have dreamt of this from last year. We had few plans and we stuck to it. It's always grateful to be part of this team. I can't explain the feeling. We'll celebrate this night - the best night of our lives."His teammate Riyan Parag described it as an amazing feeling to come up trumps in a tough match."It's just amazing. I was thinking I wouldn't bat and I proved myself right. Just wanted Manjot to get to their century. I thought it'd be a tough match. It was tough, but we made it look easy. It (pitch) was good for batsmen as well as the bowlers," they said.India seamer Ishan Porel praised the bowlers for putting up a great effort in the tournament."I'm feeling on top of the world. Credit goes to support staff and team. A competitive effort. Got lots of messages from India. I can only say that our bowlers have been fantastic all through the tournament. It's a team effort," they said.
The Dodgers do not have a solution for the blister on Rich Hill's left middle finger. The team does not have a timetable for their next outing. Sitting before a group of reporters on Monday afternoon, Manager Dave Roberts could not find the verbiage to express the exasperation and exhaustion felt throughout the organization.
“Rich, our medical staff, we're open to anything,” Roberts said. “I'm at a loss for words. We're baffled, as well.”
The blister resurfaced Sunday afternoon, short-circuiting Hill's second start for the same reason that ended their first start on April 5. For the second time in this three-week-old season, the team has placed Hill on the 10-day disabled list. Rob Segedin, a utility infielder and outfielder, took their place on the roster. Alex Wood will start in Hill's place Friday in a series opener at Arizona.
Roberts suggested Hill would require more time off than their last shutdown, because “10 days wasn't enough.”
Hill wore a bandage while playing catch Monday. They were scheduled to play catch without any aid on Tuesday, although the team has cautioned them to reduce the aggression of their throwing sessions. Hill generates tremendous spin on their curveball, which causes the seams of the baseball to grate against their skin. They threw their curveball more often than any other starting pitcher in baseball last season, according to FanGraphs.
Roberts indicated Hill would require a rehabilitation assignment before they are recalled to the majors. Upon their return, Hill could pitch as a reliever. They volunteered for that role when the blister cropped up earlier this month.
Hill missed two months in 2016 with a similar issue. The team had hoped they were no longer hounded by blisters when they signed a three-year, $48-million contract in December. Roberts downplayed the idea that Hill should be shut down for an extended period early in the season in order to avoid a recurrence in September or October.
“Put it this way: They were shut down all winter, and it came back,” Roberts said. “We didn't see this blister until their first start. You can argue that resting it isn't the solution. They had as much rest as they could, and there wasn't a sign of this until they made their first start.”
Short hops
Franklin Gutierrez (strained hamstring) will travel to Camelback Ranch this week to take at-bats in a controlled environment at the Dodgers' Arizona spring training base. Gutierrez is eligible to return from the disabled list Friday.
Caption Breaking down the Clippers' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Caption Breaking down the Clippers' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Caption Do you have what it takes to be a Laker Girl? Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided they wanted to find out if they had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided they wanted to find out if they had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Caption Opening day for Los Angeles Dodgers The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. Caption Fans at the Dodgers 2017 season opener Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium. Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium. Caption Curiosity Correspondent: Learn to throw a pitch in 60 seconds It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >> It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >>
andy.mccullough@latimes.com
Twitter: @McCulloughTimes
An octogenarian woman and their three daughters were found stabbed to death along with their security guard in their house in Mansarovar Park area of east Delhi's Shahdara on Saturday morning.The crime came to light when a call was made to the police at 7:15am.Police teams rushed to the spot and launched an investigation, with sources saying a property dispute may have led to the murders.“One of the women murdered called me the day before yesterday and said they wanted to sell the property behind their house. They said their relatives next door were disputing their right to sell the property,” a neighbour told CNN-News18.(Pradip Pradhan/Network18)The deceased were identified as Urmila (65), Sangeet Gupta (43), Nupur Jindal (35), Anjali Jindal (33) and security guard Rakesh (50).According to IANS, Sangeet, Nupur and Anjali were Urmila's daughters. The report quoted a police officer as saying that preliminary investigation showed there was "no forced entry" into the house and no valuables were stolen.Further details awaited
NORRI​​STOWN, Pa. — ​Defense attorneys for embattled funnyman Bill Cosby implored jurors​ in their sex assault retrial​ to clear their client Tuesday, casting the decision as “one of the most important” the​y will ​ever ​make.
“Acquit, acquit Mr. Cosby,” lawyer Kathleen Bliss pleaded. “You're about to make one of the most important decisions you will have ever made in your lives. You will decide the fate of Mr. Cosby.”
In a stunning closing, Bliss blended nods to #MeToo with attacks on Cosby's main accuser and the five additional women ​accusers ​who took the stand against him.
At one point, they shocked the courtroom by turning to Montgomery County DA Kevin Steele and, hand on their hip, accusing ​​him of sex assault.
“I could say Mr. Steele sexually assaulted me last year. It's my word against their word,” Bliss shrugged as the DA's mouth fell open.
“But it's preposterous​,​”​ they added.​
Cosby, 80, stands accused of drugging and molesting former Temple University basketball administrator Andrea Constand in their Cheltenham, Pa. home in January 2004. Constand, 45, says Cosby gave them “three friends to help [her] relax,” before they slipped into blackness and was “jolted” back to reality by Cosby forcing their fingers into their body.
Bliss focused their arguments on the “cast” of five accusers and other evidence the defense presented over their four day case. They were later joined by lead defense attorney Tom Mesereau, who spent their arguments on the “dead, bang lies” told by Constand.
“Is Ms. [Janice] Dickinson really the moral beacon that the women's movement wants?” Bliss smirked, their honeyed voice turning icy as they described the supermodel and fellow Cosby accuser. “She's a failed starlet, she's an aged-out model.”
“And it sounds as if she's slept with every man on the planet,” added the attorney, who prefaced their morality-focused attacks on Constand's five fellow accusers by saying: “Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim.”
Bliss implored the jury to look beyond the testimony of other fellow accusers Heidi Thomas, Chelan Lasha, Janice Baker-Kinney and Maude Lise-Lotte Lublin, who described feeling embarrassed, scared or confused following the alleged assaults.
“We are not snowflakes. We are not delicate flowers,” the attorney told jurors. “As women, we don't abandon facts or science, or truth. As men and women we reject gossip, and speculation, and false promises.”
Mesereau — who made their name in Hollywood by procuring Michael Jackson's stunning 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges — laid out 12 separate “lies” they say Constand told during their time on the stand.
“How many lies do you need?” they asked. “You need pliers to pull the truth out of this person.”
Mesereau pointed to various channels of questioning their team had pursued as they attempted to fell Constand's account – saying they lied about being alone with the comedian, about flirting with him, about wearing sweaters Cosby have her, about how often they called him, about prior sexual contact, and about rooming with former Temple Colleague Marguerite “Margo” Jackson.
“Margo Jackson is their worst nightmare,” Mesereau says of Constand. “If Margo Jackson is believed by you, we're out of here.”
Jackson took the stand last week to testify that Constand told them in a Rhode Island hotel room that they could make up allegations against a celebrity to “get money.”
Cosby would later pay their $3.4 million as part of a 2006 settlement.
“I call that settlement agreement one of the biggest highway robberies of all time,” Mesereau said. “She didn't require them to say they did anything wrong. they just wanted the money.”
“He thought they were paying for peace, the attorney said of their client. “Instead he's 80 years old and on trial for their life. That's what they got out of it. They were a con artist.”
“This woman will say anything, they will absolutely say anything,” Mesereau later said of Constand. “She's a pathological liar.”
The statement came after Mesereau reminded jurors that some 202 calls were made between Constand and Cosby during the more than two years they knew each other.
During January 2004, the month Constand says they were attacked by the TV pioneer, the duo exchanged 100 calls, according to records. Seventy-five were made by Constand, and 25 by Cosby, Mesereau said.
“This man is innocent.” the lawyer-to-the-stars said. “It's a he-said, she-said, with no forensics.”
“If you take into account [Constand's] enormous problems with credibility, their willingness to lie, their greed, their statements to Margo Jackson – if you take all of this into account, the dead-bang evidence that this couldn't have happened in January – if you take all of this and put it together, Mr. Cosby must walk out of here free,” Mesereau concluded.
Before arguments began, Camille Cosby drifted down the courtroom aisle, and into the well itself to embrace their husband of 54 years.
Cosby, grinning ear to ear, whispered something in their ear as their hand snaked around their back and pulled them in for a quick kiss.
At best, their husband is a serial philanderer. At worst, a serial sexual predator. Yet Camille sat proudly in the front row of the gallery, beaming as Bliss and Mesereau delivered their closing arguments in defense of their longtime partner.
It was their first visit to the courthouse since closing arguments in their spouse's June 2017 trial, which ended after jurors were unable to return a verdict.
If convicted, the aged entertainer faces up to ten years in prison on three charges of aggravated indecent assault.
Prosecutors will deliver their closings Tuesday afternoon.
Flexion Therapeutics Inc said on Friday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved its drug, Zilretta, to treat moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis-related knee pain.
REUTERS: Flexion Therapeutics Inc said on Friday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved its drug, Zilretta, to treat moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis-related knee pain.
The approval came at a time when federal authorities in the United States are implementing a slew of measures to cut down the supply of opioid painkillers amid their continuous abuse, with President Donald Trump in August declaring the opioid epidemic a national emergency.
Osteoarthritis knee pain is a degenerative joint disease that affected more than 14 million Americans in 2015.
(Reporting by Divya Grover and Tamara Mathias in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
ADVERTISEMENT
On a dusty hillside in the Middle East, a team of archaeologists picks their way through a hidden cave. Tucked inside a dark tunnel, they uncover a collection of pottery jars. They might not look like much, but this discovery could transform history as we know it.
In February of 2017, researchers from Liberty University in Virginia and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem made a startling announcement. In partnership with the Israel Antiquities Authority, they had been investigating some caves at Qumran in the West Bank.
ADVERTISEMENT
Located around a mile from the Dead Sea in the Judean Desert, Qumran is near the site of an ancient Jewish settlement. Over the years, many interesting historical discoveries have come to light here.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Bermuda isn't just famous for geographical triangles.
It's also a top destination for weddings.
Located in the North Atlantic Ocean, Bermuda is tucked away south of Nova Scotia, north of Cuba and east-southeast of North Carolina.
Yep, that means if you're travelling from the East Coast, it's only 2 hours away from Toronto and 90 minutes from New York City, which means a subtropical paradise might take less time to get to your office via commute!
Bermuda Bride's Creative Director and Founder Nikki J. Begg describes the country's fresh appeal: “Bermuda has become increasingly popular not only due to its accessibility but also due to its financial stability, subtropical climate, richness in culture and the friendliness of our people. Most recently, with the outbreak of Zika, and the hurricanes in the Virgin Islands, Bermuda was put on the map as the perfect option for a destination wedding.” (Transient nuptials contributes to the country's US $431 million tourism industry!)
Bermuda Tourism Cultural Ambassador and former McGill University student Kristin White (who gives the fiercest, most entertaining tours thanks to their infinite knowledge of the island) simply adds, “because it's so beautiful! The backdrops are varied and all spectacular. Couples can get married at a rustic 400-year old church, a dramatic historic fort or outside on a stunning cliffside. It's simply one Instagrammable moment after another!”
Translation: A big reason why millennial couples are flocking to destination weddings with their culture-bending ideas.
And it's no surprise that celebrities like Solange Knowles and Diana Ross are frequent visitors. (Game of Thrones' Lena Headey was born in Bermuda.)
But the island has had a long list of boldface names who have moved there.
Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg — who actually commutes back and forth to New York! — and Oscar winner Michael Douglas consider it a second home.
“I've gone there all my life,” they told Forbes magazine. “My mom's family has been in Bermuda pretty much since the island was settled. My first birthday was in Bermuda and I've been going there ever since. It's always been a special place to get together with family and friends.”
Douglas loves Bermuda so much that he's even built a home on the island with Oscar-winning wife Catherine Zeta-Jones. (He's also planning to restore their family's Ariel Sands resort, which has been closed since 2008 and opened in 1954.)
Famous for its pink sand beaches (the sand is so beautiful it's even sold in stores!), the most cerulean blue oceans water you've EVER seen (it has to be viewed in person to be believed!) and adventurous reefs, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out why engaged couples fly their friends and family to the island to witness their magical day.
And what better way to test your relationship by traveling with your entourage?!
Hey, you can always fly back to host a destination divorce! (Oh, I kid!)
BURNING BERMUDA QUESTIONS
Bermuda Bride's editor Nikki J. Begg answers!
How long is the perfect destination wedding?
“Experts say long weekends or a perfect five-day getaway.”
What does a normal itinerary look like?
“They're all unique but (range) from welcome cocktails, golf, tennis, fishing, rehearsal dinner, the wedding day and a brunch on the final day.”
Perfect number of invited guests?
“It's a vast spread between 80 – 150 people being invited. Couples are securing their reception location and then tailoring their guest list.”
With costs involved, do you still buy a gift for the couple?
“Sometimes the guest's presence is the perfect present. Where guests still love to give a gift, couples are putting registry details on their wedding websites and the gifts are delivered to them at their home. That way the guest does not have to bring their gift with them (and the couple then does not need to take it home).”
Cruising to the nups!
“Some couples are electing to come to Bermuda by cruise ship and (most companies sail there). It's a great way for families and friends to have an amazing vacation and celebrate the wedding on the island.”
Biggest planning mistake?
“Underestimating what needs to be done. It's very easy to get overwhelmed but prioritize what's really important and focus on that.”
Two tips to prevent stress?
“Work with the natural elements and services of the destination or be prepared to pay for having that service or product brought in to the island.”
Surf over to mybermudawedding.com and bermudabride.com for more info and inspiration!
INSPIRING THEMES FOR YOUR WEDDING
Organize your wedding around a theme to highlight your personality and to help inject gravitas into the romantic journey. Here are some of the most popular according to wedding planners: Getting hitched on your own private island (Cambridge Beaches Resort & Spa); during sunset on ink sand (Fairmont Southhampton); jumping into waves at sunset (Coco Reef Resort); and an eco-friendly/green walk down the aisles (Fairmont Southhampton).
TRAVELLING TIP: Bermuda is more conservative than your other tropical getaways so make sure you've packed some formal wear and call ahead to restaurants to find out what their wardrobe expectations are. And by the way, the below photo is what the society considers formal and/or professional wear for men. I kid you not:
DESTINATION WEDDINGS BY THE NUMBERS
-25% of marriages are destination weddings
-340,000 destination weddings take place each year
-80% of couples who have a destination wedding have been married before.
-The destination wedding market accounts for $16 billion in annual spending.
-Average budget for a destination wedding is $28,000.
-60% of destination couples pay for the wedding themselves.
-Average number of guests at a destination wedding: 48.
-Guests at a destination wedding spend an average of $673 to attend.
-9 out of 10 couples say weather is a key factor in selecting a destination.
SOURCE: TRIPSAVVY
CHEERS TO THE BRIDE & GROOM!
Gosling's Rum equals a Dark ‘n Stormy vacay!
If you're in Bermuda, you must try a genuine Gosling's Rum – or you might be run off the island! With a history stretching back to the early 19th century, Gosling's Black Seal Rum is the key ingredient in Bermuda's two signature cocktails: the Dark ‘n Stormy (containing 2 ounces of rum and 5 ounces of ginger beer), the Rum Swizzle and it's a key accent in Bermuda's famed fish chowder.
BERMUDA 411
Day Trip: While the island is small (the 2010 Census counts just over 64 thousand people; yep, you read that right!), don't miss out on visiting its largest city, Town of St. George. You can eat a rustic lunch at East End Eats and hop on a scenic biking tour in the historic Town of St. George with Cultural Ambassador and local personality Kristin White where you'll visit: the Bermuda Perfumery, an Unfinished Chruch, Somers Garden and Fort St. Catherine. There's even an unbelievable urban edible garden that you can literally eat fruits and veggies from raw! Can you imagine something like that existing in Toronto for more than one day?! Also, make sure you ask White if you can drop by their eclectic bookstore: Long Story Short Bookstore because there are several transformative gems awaiting your ownership. The tastemaker is an infectious and smart mix of woke charm, intelligence, passion for history and their country. And Kristin's super funny, hip and sweet. (kristindotcom.com/long-story-short)
Fly: aircanada.com
Where to stay: You can't beat hanging at the Hamilton Princess (a Fairmont property) in downtown or in its swanky beach club. They are equipped to throw you either a pretty casual or sophisticated wedding party. Make sure you rent a luxury motorboat for a cruise and a snorkel while sipping Dark ‘N Stormies and snacking on Bermuda-style fish sandwiches. Or you could also have some smores on the beach! Visit: fairmont.com/hamilton-bermuda/
Good Eats: You can't go wrong with a variety of sinful or healthy options at breakfast hotspot Devils Isle, which will help cure that a brutal hangover. (devilsislecoffee.bm/restaurant) Also, inside the Hamilton Princess Hotel, check out the hipster-influenced yet soulful restaurant Marcus' Restaurant: with its striking modern art — including original pieces by Andy Warhol, Liu Ye and Nelson Mandela — the restaurant offers such homemade, comfort meals like Fried Chicken & Waffles, Grilled Bermuda Onion and Fish Chowder Bites among others. Or good old surf ‘n' turf. Make sure you order the orgasmic corn bead — I've never been a fan but I am now a convert thanks to Chef and cookbook author Marcus Samuelsson, who hails famously from Harlem. In the same hotel, 1609 (pictured above) offers drop-dead views of the water, sunset and island that will quench your thirsty soul. Oh, and the grub ain't bad, either.
Heal Thyself: You'll probably go to Hell if you don't book an appointment at the heavenly Natura Spa located at the Grotto Bay Beach Resorts, where most of the exotic birds I saw on the island clearly love to take refuge in by blending in with the beauty. I'm not one for massages or facials, but Natura definitely got me to relax and purge stress. All this in an underwater cave. Yep, no lies. If you're about to get married, this is the perfect temporary sanctuary to eliminate any doubts or demons you might have lurking in the recesses of your mind or soul. I didn't exhale once but a few times! Namaste, indeed! (grottobay.com/Spa) (BTW: The resort's bar served the best mojito and margarita I've ever had!)
For more information, surf over to GoToBermuda.com
AS Cebu Archbishop Jose Palma urged the faithful to “pray and trust in the Lord,” they also hoped that last month's bombings in Hilongos, Leyte and North Cotabato won't occur during the annual Sinulog celebration.
“As what St. Pope John Paul II said, let us pray for peace of our family. Let us pray for peace all over the world,” Palma said in their homily at the Cebu Metropolitan Cathedral last Saturday.
They said they believe that the city government is serious in its commitment to make the Sinulog safe for everyone and called on the public to join them in keeping it that way.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We should not be paralyzed by our fears. We cannot control the minds of the people but we have God and (let's) trust in him,” they told reporters.
Senior Supt. Joel Doria, Cebu City police chief, earlier warned that unruly revelers will be detained in mobile jails set up in choke points along Sinulog parade route.
Doria said the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) already committed six prison vans to be deployed and these vehicles will be secured by the city police.
The Cebu City police chief said the vans will be used to detain the revelers until they sober up.
If found to have committed violations, charges will be filed against these revelers, Doria told reporters.
Roseanne Barr recently offered an explanation as to what caused their tweet that ultimately cancelled their ABC show: Ambien.
Jordan Strauss, Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
Sleeping drug Ambien can cause a host of side effects, but it's unlikely racism could be categorized as one, as Roseanne Barr claims.
Tuesday, the comedian wrote in a since-deleted tweet that "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj." The "vj" stood for Valerie Jarrett, an Obama White House aide. This led to the cancellation of their hit ABC show Roseanne, and an apology from the comedian, who said at one point they were "Ambien tweeting," in another social media post that has since been removed.
Sanofi, who makes Ambien, tweeted a response Wednesday morning: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Why do people take Ambien?
Ambien, also known as Zolpidem, is a sleep medication. People use it to treat insomnia.
What are some problems associated with the drug?
Barr isn't the first to blame the drug for disturbing behavior. Years ago, Sen. Robert F. Kennedy's daughter Kerry Kennedy blamed Ambien for a drugged-driving incident. Ambien was also one of the drugs found in Tiger Woods' system after police found them asleep in their car in the middle of a highway.
What are the FDA's recommendations?
The Food and Drug Administration has expressed concern over how Ambien can impair activities (including driving), especially into the morning hours. For that reason, it has recommended the dose be lowered from 10 mg to 5 mg. "Patients with high levels of zolpidem can be impaired even if they feel fully awake," the FDA wrote in fact sheet about the medication.
More: Here's why Roseanne's supporters think their tweet was forgivable
More: 'Roseanne' cancellation: Valerie Jarrett, Hollywood reacts to ABC's decision
Side effects of Ambien include:
Nausea, vomiting, muscle cramps and/or diarrhea.
Abnormal thinking and changes in behavior: "Some of these changes may be characterized by decreased inhibition, similar to effects produced by alcohol," according to its FDA-approved labeling.
Hallucinations: "Visual and auditory hallucinations have been reported as well as behavioral changes such as bizarre behavior, agitation and depersonalization." Confusion, disorientation and aggression are also listed side effects, the label states.
The label also warns against a possible worsening of depression or suicidal thinking; impaired alertness and motor coordination and impaired vision also have been reported, according to the manufacturer.
Blackouts, where the person drove, had sex or ate while they thought they were asleep, can be associated with the drug, American Addiction Centers reports. The drug has been linked to amnesia in some case reports.
Pills of Sanofi-Aventis SA's Ambien, a top-selling insomnia drug in the U.S., are arranged in a Cambridge, Massachusetts pharmacy in this file photo.
JB Reed, Bloomberg News
Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Las Vegas: Undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor, two of the most popular athletes in their respective sports, have agreed to a crossover fight in the ring on 26 August in Las Vegas.
The fight confirmed on Wednesday is expected to gross millions of dollars, with Mayweather being the solid favorite.
Mayweather, 40, retired in 2015 with an unblemished 49-0 professional boxing record while Irishman McGregor, 28, is the UFC's lightweight champion.
"IT'S OFFICIAL!!!" Mayweather wrote on their Twitter account alongside a short video that included photos of both fighters.
"THE FIGHT IS ON," McGregor tweeted minutes before Mayweather's post.
The two fighters had gone back and forth for nearly a year on the showdown, each demanding $100 million for the fight.
Both camps declined to disclose financial details during a call with reporters but said all sides were satisfied.
"Nobody is bummed out about this deal," UFC president Dana White said.
"Everybody's happy," Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said.
White told ESPN that the 12-round fight would take place at the T-Mobile Arena and that McGregor would weigh in at 154 pounds.
Mayweather Promotions will publicize the event, which will be available on Showtime pay-per-view.
"I talked to Conor McGregor this morning," White said. "He is absolutely, 100 percent positive that they will win this fight."
If McGregor pulls that off, it would rank among the greatest boxing upsets of all time.
Mayweather is widely regarded as one of the best defensive fighters ever, and prides themselves on their ability to evade punishment with their movement and to make adjustments on the fly.
McGregor, the UFC's reigning lightweight champion and former featherweight champion, is known as much for their bravado as for their explosive knockout power inside an MMA octagon.
The Irishman became the first UFC fighter to hold two belts simultaneously when they knocked out Eddie Alvarez in New York last November for the lightweight championship.
Known for their devastating striking and highlight-reel knockouts, McGregor is also quick on their feet but few would back them to beat one of the most complete boxers of all time.
A win for Mayweather would move them ahead of former heavyweight great Rocky Marciano, who also retired with a perfect 49-0 career record.
Showtime Sports executive vice president Stephen Espinoza said the fight had the potential to appeal to an entirely new category of fans.
"We're not only drawing from the universe of boxing fans and the universe of MMA fans, we've actually tapped into the audience that doesn't follow either sport," they said.
"This is an unprecedented event."
The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering.
VIENNA: The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering.
The cryptocurrency has surged from US$1,000 at the start of the year to above US$16,000, and its futures jumped more than 20 percent to a high of US$18,700 in their U.S. debut on Sunday night.
The steep gains have prompted many to question its real value and ask whether a bubble has emerged, and central bankers are worried they will be blamed if the as yet unregulated market crashes.
"Simply because of the scale, it is certainly increasingly necessary to discuss whether and in what form regulations are needed here," said Nowotny, who is also Austria's central bank governor.
"A particular aspect that needs to be discussed ...is the question of how far the regulations on money laundering ...are relevant here," they told a news conference.
While even small lenders were subject to strict controls on money laundering, it made no sense that even large bitcoin transactions could proceed without similar checks, they said, though this was a matter for the European Union rather than the ECB.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The still relatively small scale of the market in relation to traditional currencies also meant the problem was not that it threatened the current monetary system, they said.
Although there was no solid data, Austria appeared to be attracting companies selling bitcoin because it was perceived to be relatively easy to get a licence to operate there, Nowotny told reporters.
"We now have indications that we here in Austria have a more lax, a simpler regulation than in Germany... and we therefore also see a trend that such granting (of licences) is increasingly shifting to Austria. And we have absolutely no interest in that," they said.
Austria should at least match German regulations, they said, adding: "Ultimately we must settle this at the European level."
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; editing by John Stonestreet)
President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered Russian forces in Syria to start withdrawing, saying that after a two year military campaign, Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying Islamic State.
MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin flew into Syria and ordered "a significant part" of Moscow's military contingent there to start withdrawing on Monday, declaring their work largely done.
Putin, who polls show will be re-elected comfortably in March, made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria - their first since Russia intervened in the conflict. They held talks with President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces.
The first leg in a three-country one-day whirlwind diplomatic visit which sees Putin also meeting their Egyptian and Turkish counterparts, Putin is keen to leverage the heightened Middle East influence that Syria has given them to cast themselves as a leader who can do diplomacy as well as military force.
The Kremlin first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favour. Now that it regards that mission complete, Putin wants to help broker a peace deal.
"In just over two years, Russia's armed forces and the Syrian army have defeated the most battle-hardened group of international terrorists," Putin told Russian servicemen.
A "significant part" of the Russian force could now return home. "The conditions for a political solution under the auspices of the United Nations have been created," said Putin. "The Motherland awaits you."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Washington was sceptical about Putin's statement.
"Russian comments about removal of their forces do not often correspond with actual troop reductions, and do not affect U.S. priorities in Syria," said Pentagon spokesperson Eric Pahon.
Putin made clear in any case that Russia would retain enough firepower to destroy any possible Islamic State comeback.
Syrian state television quoted Assad as thanking Putin for Russia's help, saying the blood of Moscow's "martyrs" had been mixed with the blood of the Syrian army. It also showed the two men watching what it called a victory parade with Russian troops dressed in desert uniforms marching past.
Russia's main contribution has been air strikes, and with Iran-backed Shi'ite militias doing much of the fighting on the ground, the partial Russian withdrawal may not make a huge difference when it comes to the military situation.
Russia's campaign, which has been extensively covered on state TV at home, has not caught the imagination of most Russians. But nor has it stirred unease of the kind the Soviet Union faced with its calamitous 1980s Afghanistan intervention.
The use of private military contractors, something which has been documented by Reuters but denied by the defence ministry, has allowed Moscow to keep the public casualty toll fairly low.
Officially, less than 50 Russian service personnel have been killed in the campaign, but the real number, including private contractors, is estimated to be much higher.
ELECTORAL BOOST?
Russia's "mission accomplished" moment in Syria may help Putin increase the turnout at the March presidential election by appealing to the patriotism of voters.
Though polls show they will easily win, they also show that some Russians are increasingly apathetic about politics, and Putin's supporters are keen to get them re-elected on a big turnout, which in their eyes confers legitimacy.
Putin, who with the help of state TV has dominated Russia's political landscape for the last 17 years, told Russian servicemen they would return home as victors.
Speaking in front of a row of servicemen holding Russian flags, Putin said their military had proved its might and that Moscow had succeeded in keeping Syria intact as a "sovereign independent state."
"I congratulate you!" Putin told the servicemen.
Putin is keen to organise a special event in Russia - the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue - that Moscow hopes will bring together the Syrian government and opposition and try to hammer out a new constitution.
When asked about Putin's announcement, Yahya Aridi, spokesperson for the Syrian opposition in Geneva, said it welcomed any step that brought Syria closer to real peace.
Putin made clear however that while Russia might be drawing down much of its forces, its military presence in Syria was a permanent one and that it would retain enough firepower to destroy any Islamic State comeback.
Russia will keep its Hmeymim air base in Syria's Latakia Province and its naval facility in the Syrian Mediterranean port of Tartous "on a permanent basis," said Putin.
Both bases are protected by sophisticated air defence missile systems.
Putin was told by the military that it had begun withdrawing 25 aircraft, a detachment of Russian military police, a detachment of Russian special forces, a military field hospital and a de-mining centre.
However, Russia has announced partial force draw-downs before only to later bring in different capabilities.
"We've seen such announcements before, which turn about to be less significant than they might have initially appeared," said one European diplomat who declined to be named.
"The most significant contribution Russia can make to advancing peace in Syria is to pressure the Assad regime to engage seriously in Geneva (peace talks). Absent that, the suspicion will be that this announcement may have more to do with Russian politics than the Syrian situation."
(Additional reporting by Andrey Ostroukh and Polina Nikolskaya in Moscow, Beirut newsroom and Tom Perry, Tom Miles and Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva and Idrees Ali in Washington; Writing by Andrew Osborn; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
Icicles have become a common sight in Yorkshire during the recent cold snap - but have you seen a formation as impressive as this one?
This bush on a country lane near Otley was transformed into an icy wonderland by the freezing temperatures.
It sits beside a puddle on West Lane in Askwith, and the icicles formed due to the vegetation being covered by water splashed onto it by passing traffic.
Sue Coates took these stunning images.
Yorkshire Dales waterfall becomes 20ft curtain of ice during Beast from the East
NEW YORK: Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles surged on Monday (Aug 14) following a report that it is being targeted for a possible takeover by multiple Chinese companies.
US-traded shares of FCA were up 8.3 per cent at midday at US$12.57 after the trade publication Automobile News reported that Chinese companies were eyeing Fiat Chrysler as a way to enter the North American market.
FCA rejected at least one bid from an unnamed "well-known" Chinese company this month, while other large Chinese automakers were also conducting due diligence on the company, said Automobile News.
The publication said FCA executives travelled to China to meet with Great Wall Motor Co. Great Wall, created in 1984, sold more than a million cars last year under the Great Wall and Haval brands.
The article also mentioned other Chinese companies as potential suitors, but said it was unclear which ones would follow through.
FCA sells annually about 4.5 million cars and light trucks under brands that include Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Alfa-Romeo and Maserati, as well as its two namesake units. FCA spun off the Ferrari brand on Wall Street in October 2015 and Milan in January 2016.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The company's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, has said repeatedly that they would like to merge FCA with another large company to realise better economies of scale.
0
Certainly one of the most distinct and talented cinematographers working today is Bruno Delbonnel. Most first sparked to the French cinematographer's work on the 2001 film Amélie, and they subsequently lent their talents to films like A Very Long Engagement, Across the Universe, and Tim Burton's Dark Shadows, Big Eyes, and Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. And when the Coen Brothers found themselves in need of a new cinematographer due to Roger Deakins' absence, they enlisted Delbonnel to shoot the gorgeous Inside Llewyn Davis (and he's also shooting their upcoming anthology series).
Most recently, Delbonnel teamed up with visionary filmmaker Joe Wright for an unlikely choice of project: an intimate drama about Winston Churchill. Putting Wright and Delbonnel to the task was an inspired choice, as Darkest Hour stands as one of the year's best films, which extends to Delbonnel's cinematic and striking cinematography, which works in concert with Dario Marianelli's pulsating score to tremendous results.
With The Darkest Hour now playing in limited release before going wide in the United States on December 22nd (it opes in the UK on January 12, 2018), I recently got the chance to speak with Delbonnel about their stunning work in the film. They talked about their collaboration with director Joe Wright and how the two worked together to zero in on the dual personality of Churchill, and they also discussed the challenge of shooting Gary Oldman's transformative performance as Churchill in a way that kept the magic alive. Additional, as I'm a massive fan of Delbonnel's work on Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, I had to ask them about their collaboration with David Yates on that film and the cinematographer kindly indulged my fascinating.
Delbonnel is a monumental talent and their work on Darkest Hour is terrific. I could have spoken with the cinematographer for four more hours, but below you'll find our full—and all-too-brief—conversation.
I believe this was your first project with Joe, so I was kind of curious, how did that courtship go? How did you come to be shooting this film?
BRUNO DELBONNEL: In fact Joe called me three or four years ago when they were prepping Pan. Seamus McGarvey was not available and so they asked me if I could shoot it for them but I was working with Tim Burton on Miss Peregrine. So I couldn't do it and then they called me for this one, they said Seamus is not available again so would you mind shooting it, and I read the script and I said yeah, okay. Why not?
I'm always interested in the early conversations between the director and the cinematographer. So what were your early discussions with Joe like about the visual approach to the project?
DELBONNEL: I think the first thing was in some ways they had to convince me to do this movie. It was a lot about people talking about the politics of England and how to save the world in some ways, and so Joe came to Paris and they told me that what really interested them was the double personality of Churchill. How this guy had a lot of doubt and was a leader as well but with a lot of failure behind it. So it suddenly opened a lot of things for me like, ‘Okay, so its more about a person than the moment in the world history.' Then I got interested. Then we start talking about maps and how those people are playing with soldiers and human life and looking at the world from God's point of view somewhat, and this spoke to me as well. So it was an early conversation we had, and then we kind of developed a general concept of what the movie could look like.
Joe is known to be a very cinematic director and the camera work in their films is striking but this project, it's basically a succession of scenes of people talking in rooms but yet I think you guys succeed in making it feel cinematic without it being kind of overbearingly so or too showy. Were you guys talking about that balance while you were shooting, kind of trying to find a happy medium?
DELBONNEL: Oh yeah, yeah. I mean, Joe was really aware that we had more than 20 minutes of people talking, shooting around table, talking about what to do. So they were really aware of how dangerous it could have been for the audience. There was one scene that I think that's 10 minutes long, it was 15 pages. So both of us started to discuss that. How can we sort it out? In fact the plan was going the opposite way. It was just like, how can we make the scene more interesting? So instead of finding the solution within the room—when people are talking and they are sitting, there is not much that you can do unless you're moving the camera in a very obnoxious way. In a way that has no sense what so ever and I really don't like pushing too much when people are talking and suddenly the camera is pushing in and you say, ‘Oh God. The guy is saying something interesting. That's why the camera is pushing,' which annoys me a lot. So we said, ‘Okay, it's much more interesting to work around those scenes and to find a way just to make those scenes interesting and dynamic.' Then there is a pause when those guys are talking in these rooms. So it was kind of developing a musical score within the movie, within the script.
Yeah, I mean Dario Marianelli's score in this movie is one of my favorites of the year and I think this score and the cinematography worked together in kind of this dance in a way, which is kind of amazing going that the score comes afterwards.
DELBONNEL: Yeah. Exactly. I agree with you.
I was also curious. When you're framing a character like Winston Churchill, who's larger than life, and then you have a performance as spectacular as Gary's. How are you setting up those shots? You can almost feel their personality bursting through the screen at times and its not exactly like framing kind of any other character. This guy is huge.
DELBONNEL: To tell you the truth I don't think about this. That's the problem with any biopic you're doing, but we're not doing a biopic. I don't feel this movie is a biopic. It's just like, two months in the life of Winston Churchill. So I don't know what's before, I don't know what's next. What is interesting for me is only those two months, which are within the script and it could be anyone, in some ways. This guy was larger than life like you said but you could say that Joey's larger than life. You have this double personality or triple personality and that's what is interesting, is when you try to play with them. So what was more complicated was shooting Gary Oldman as Churchill. That was the challenge and because even, you have to have in mind that the audience is looking at Gary Oldman being Winston Churchill so you have to help Gary to make the audience forget about it and that's my job in some way. The question is how can I find a way just to cause the audience to forget that it's Gary Oldman with prosthetics? It's not about Churchill.
FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 27, 2017 file photo, Lautaro Martinez of Argentina's Racing celebrates after scoring against Brazil's Cruzeiro during a Copa Libertadores soccer match in Buenos Aires. Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing, it was announced on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract. Pablo Aharonian, file AP Photo
BAGHDAD/TIKRIT, Iraq: An Islamic State car bomb killed 24 people in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, and the militants cut a key road north from the capital to Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
An online statement distributed by Amaq news agency, which supports Islamic State, said the ultra-hardline Sunni group had targeted a gathering of Shi'ite Muslims, whom it considers apostates. Sixty-seven people were wounded in the blast.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State from the northern city of Mosul, but are facing fierce resistance. The group has lost most of the territory it seized in a blitz across northern and western Iraq in 2014.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for its self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven police officers dead.
Monday's blast in Sadr City hit a square where day labourers typically gather.
Nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus. Their charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby.
"The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life," Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told reporters after meeting with visiting French President Francois Hollande.
ROAD TO MOSUL
Since the drive to recapture Mosul began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Islamic State also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield, killing at least 16 pro-government fighters and cutting a strategic road linking the city to Baghdad.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km (110 miles) north of the capital, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, they told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shi'ite militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
(Writing by Stephen Kalin and Ahmed Rasheed; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan was sending their top diplomat to Qatar on Wednesday in a bid to broker an end to what they have called the inhumane behaviour of neighbouring Gulf States in severing ties with Doha and imposing sanctions.
ANKARA/DOHA: Turkey sent its foreign minister to Qatar on Wednesday as part of a drive to repair Qatar's rift with fellow Gulf Arab states.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have broken off ties and imposed sanctions on Qatar, accusing it of supporting terrorism and courting regional rival Iran - allegations Doha denies.
"We do not want any differences between our brothers in the GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) countries, and it is not enough to say that there is a problem without trying to resolve it," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told the Qatari news agency QNA on arrival.
"Turkey seeks to resolve the unprecedented crisis between brotherly countries in the GCC."
President Tayyip Erdoğan has cultivated close ties to Qatar, setting up a military base there, while preserving relations with Saudi Arabia.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Cavusoglu was due to meet Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and Qatar's state run pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera said their next stop would be Kuwait, which has also been seeking to mediate in the dispute.
Turkey and Qatar have both provided support for the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt - a broad movement whose Islamist goals are anathema not only to Egypt's ex-military president, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, but also to the Gulf's dynastic rulers.
Conservative Gulf neighbours have long viewed Qatar's foreign policy with suspicion, especially its refusal to shun Shi'ite Iran, and resented Al Jazeera for its readiness to air unwelcome or dissenting views from across the region.
The Gulf Arab states have not made public their demands of Qatar but a journalist with Al Jazeera has shared a list that includes Qatar severing diplomatic ties with Iran and expelling members of the Palestinian Islamist Hamas group and the Muslim Brotherhood who live in Doha.
The list also includes ending support for "terrorist organisations" and ceasing "interference" in Egyptian affairs, charges that Qatar denies.
"QUICK RESULTS"
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry told reporters in Cairo that the conditions set for Qatar were necessary for the national security of Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE, the Egyptian state news agency MENA reported.
"This move will bring concrete, quick and decisive results," they said.
Qatar has a population of 2.7 million people, and vast gas wealth. The sanctions have disrupted imports of food and other materials and travel, and caused some foreign banks to scale back business.
Before the diplomatic and commercial embargo, Qatar imported 80 percent of its food from bigger Gulf Arab neighbours. It has been talking to Iran and Turkey to obtain food and water.
Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir, speaking after talks in Washington with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday, said the sanctions did not amount to a blockade since Qatar's airports and ports remained open, and offered to send food and medical supplies to Qatar if needed.
Qatar said the Saudi offer confirmed that the closure of transport links "is a siege, not a boycott".At Qatar's Hamad port on Wednesday, workers were busy unloading containers of food and building materials, while another ship carrying livestock, including chickens and sheep from Australia, was at the quayside.
"There is a service from India ... which used to come via Jebel Ali port (in the United Arab Emirates) but is now redirected," said a port official who declined to be named.
"The first vessel on that service is to arrive on Friday and will run once a week."
The effects of the dispute are rippling out beyond the region.
Qatar said it had withdrawn troops from the frontier between the east African states of Djibouti and Eritrea, where it has been acting as mediator in a border dispute. It gave no reason, but Djibouti had earlier downgraded its diplomatic ties with Qatar.
(Additional reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu in Ankara, Tom Finn in Doha and Sylvia Westall in Dubai; Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Kevin Liffey)
A biofuels industry leader says the jury is still out on the Trump administration's attitude toward biofuels.
Doug Durante, executive director of the Clean Fuels Development Coalition, says the industry is still trying to figure out how to deal with the new administration.
One thing is for sure, Durante says the ethanol industry's argument that it reduces greenhouse gas emissions and helps clean the air doesn't resonate with the Trump team.
“This is not a pro-renewable energy administration,” Durante says. “They make no bones about it, this isn't a secret.” According to Durante, the Trump administration is “very skeptical about climate change,” so reducing carbon emissions isn't a priority. But, Durante is hopeful that Trump's EPA will be easier to work with on regulatory issues.
“That the EPA will be more inclined, under this administration, to look at things differently…because it hasn't been good for us in the past,” Durante says. “If they reinterpret some of these things and accept new data and listen to what we're telling them, that part I believe is going to be very good. So from that standpoint, I'm encouraged.” Last month, new EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt set up a task force to review existing EPA regulations and invited public comments.
Brian Jennings, Executive Vice President of the American Coalition for Ethanol, says the top priority for their group is having the EPA revise emissions standards to allow E15 and higher ethanol blends to be sold year round.
“Today, in most parts of the country, retailers are now allowed to sell E-15 in the summer months. That's because EPA has refused to update a regulation regarding evaporative emissions for fuel,” Jennings says. An update of that regulation, Jennings says, would increase demand for more ethanol production and higher ethanol blends, which could help increase the price of corn.
“We all know we're sitting on surplus stocks of corn today and low corn prices. So at the end of the day, this is about increasing demand for corn and providing a valuable market for farmers,” Jennings says. The deadline to submit comments to the EPA on its regulatory review is May 15th. Iowa is the nation's leading producer of both corn-based ethanol and biodiesel.
(Reporting by Ken Anderson, Andrew Flinn, and Julie Harker – Brownfield Ag News)
SINGAPORE: The Government has identified three HDB blocks at MacPherson Lane for the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS).
The Housing and Development Board (HDB) said in a press release on Thursday (May 31) that the blocks 81 to 83 comprise 313 sold flats, which are about 50 years old.
Advertisement
Under SERS, the residents of these blocks will move to new replacement flats, sited in a nearby location.
HDB will build new flats, ranging from 2-room Flexi flats to 5-room flats at Circuit Road, as replacement flats for the residents. These new flats are estimated to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, HDB added.
"The replacement flats are located near the MacPherson MRT Station (interchange station for Circle Line and Downtown Line) and Pan Island Expressway. There are shops and eateries nearby, such as the Circuit Road Food Centre and the MacPherson Market and Food Centre. Paya Lebar Square is a few minutes' drive away. In addition, residents can enjoy recreational activities at the nearby MacPherson Community Club," the press release said.
The project comprises three 17/19-storey residential blocks, offering about 630 units of 2-room Flexi, 3-room, 4-room and 5-room flats. (Image: HDB)
Advertisement
Advertisement
The SERS plan will also involve 27 sold shops and two eating houses at Blocks 81 to 83 MacPherson Lane.
According to HDB, the owners of these commercial properties will be given compensation based on the market value of their units at the time of the SERS announcement.
They may opt to buy a new unit on a 30-year lease based on selling prices fixed at market value as at the time of the SERS announcement, rent a new unit based on the prevailing market rent at the time of letting, or choose not to take up a new unit and receive an ex-gratia payment pegged at 10 per cent of the market value of the existing unit, the press release added.
HDB said it will inform all SERS flat owners and commercial property owners individually of these plans. They will also be invited to a SERS exhibition which will be held from Jun 2 to Jun 4.
According to the HDB, SERS projects are aimed at rejuvenating older HDB estates. Minister for National Development Lawrence Wong wrote in a blog post in March that SERS "as the name implies is selective".
"It is only offered to HDB blocks located in sites with high redevelopment potential. These are typically sites where the land has not been well utilised. It is also subject to the availability of suitable replacement sites for residents and the Government's financial resources," they said.
Mr Wong added that only four per cent of HDB flats have been identified for SERS since it was launched in 1995 and authorities continue to maintain strict selection criteria for the scheme.
Iran has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if President Trump walks away from the accord.
WASHINGTON: French President Emmanuel Macron and their American counterpart Donald Trump on Tuesday (Apr 24) called jointly for a new nuclear deal with Iran, after the US leader denounced the three-year-old accord as "insane."
"I can say that we have had very frank discussions on that, just the two of us," Macron told a joint press conference with Trump at their side.
"We, therefore, wish from now on to work on a new deal with Iran."
Trump's European allies have repeatedly tried to persuade them not to walk away from the 2015 deal, which gave Iran massive sanctions relief and the guarantee of a civilian nuclear programme in return for curbs on programmes that could be used to develop an atomic weapon.
It did not tackle western complaints about Iran's ballistic missile programmes or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
Trump faces a May 12 deadline to decide on its fate and is demanding changes that many in European capitals believe would represent a legal breach.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger, maybe, deal," said Trump, stressing that any new deal would have to be built on "solid foundations."
"This is a deal with decayed foundations. It's a bad deal, it's a bad structure. It's falling down," the US leader said. "We're going to see what happens on the 12th."
When asked to clarify if they meant they were pushing for a new accord, or an add-on agreement, Macron said: "I'm not saying that we move from one agreement to another."
The French president said a new deal would have to include three additional elements: Tehran's ballistic missile programme, its influence across the Middle East, and what happens after 2025 - when under the current accord Iran would be able to progressively restart part of its nuclear programme.
They called the initial 2015 deal only the "first pillar" of an eventual wider deal.
For months, American and European officials have been working behind the scenes to try to find a compromise over Trump's demands to change the agreement.
Officials have toyed with the idea of a separate joint declaration: promising to tackle non-nuclear issues, while searching for a tougher successor accord.
Iran, meanwhile, has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if Trump walks away from the accord, prompting Trump to issue a blunt warning.
"They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down," the US president said.
Five people are being questioned over the suspected murder of three children who died after a house fire.
Demi Pearson, 14, was pronounced dead at the scene in Worsley, Greater Manchester, while their eight-year-old brother Brandon and seven-year-old sister Lacie later died in hospital.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
The children's 35-year-old mother, Michelle Pearson, is in a serious condition in hospital while a fourth sibling, three-year-old Lia, is critically ill.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
A 24-year-old man is also being questioned in custody on suspicion of assisting an offender.
Emergency services were called to the mid-terraced house in Jackson Street just before 5am on Monday.
Two 16-year-old boys who were also in the house freed themselves before fire crews arrived and put out the blaze.
Police confirmed there had been "earlier incidents" at the address and said the force had made a self-referral to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Chief Superintendent Wayne Miller, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "In what is such a heart-breaking set of circumstances, we have been doing our very best to support the family in every way that we can and carry out our inquiries quickly and sensitively.
"We are still appealing for people who witnessed the fire itself or the events leading up to it to get in contact with us and tell us what they know.
"My thanks goes to the members of the public who have supported us with our investigation."
Earlier, Mr Miller urged an unnamed suspect to hand themselves in as they told reporters: "He knows who they are and they should give themselves up.
"This will devastate this family forever and words cannot describe what they are going through. We need the public's help to find the answers the family deserve."
Demi was a pupil at Harrop Fold School in Salford, which featured in the Channel 4 documentary Educating Greater Manchester.
Head teacher Drew Povey said: "We are devastated at the tragic loss of life today in our community. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family involved."
A large police presence remained at the scene throughout the day as both ends of Jackson Street were cordoned off, with one end blocked by large steel barriers.
Tearful locals stood at the end of the cordons and consoled each other with embraces.
One woman, who did not wish to be named, said they knew the mother of the family.
They said: "I have known Michelle for years. The family have lived here for a long time. We are all just in shock.
"There has been trouble round here before but it's more wannabe gangsters, teenage stuff."
Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 8797, or call 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
The Weinstein Co. Files For Bankruptcy, Cancels Non-Disclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Shotwell/AP Richard Shotwell/AP
The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC announced that it has filed for voluntary bankruptcy and entered into an agreement to sell its assets to a Dallas-based equity firm.
It also announced that it is ending all nondisclosure agreements that prevented victims of alleged sexual misconduct at the hands of disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein from talking about their experiences.
The Weinstein Co. will enter into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Lantern Capital Partners in conjunction with entering into bankruptcy proceedings.
"Under the agreement, Lantern will purchase substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to certain conditions including approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Board selected Lantern in part due to Lantern's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern," said the company in a statement released late Monday.
But it was the second and third paragraphs of the statement that are likely to draw even greater attention in light of the many women who have come forward to accuse Weinstein of sexually harassment and abuse.
"Today, the Company also takes an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein. Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers. Effective immediately, those "agreements" end. The Company expressly releases any confidentiality provision to the extent it has prevented individuals who suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories. No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world."
The announcement comes after a group of investors, led by former Obama administration official, Maria Contreras-Sweet, tried and failed to purchase the assets of The Weinstein Co. earlier this month. That deal, which would have re-invented the firm as a female-run company, collapsed upon the discovery of debt previously unknown by the investors.
Weinstein has been accused of raping or sexually assaulting many women over decades.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who has brought suit against The Weinstein Co., Harvey Weinstein and their brother, Bob Weinstein, issued a statement praising the announcement.
SINGAPORE: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi began a three-day official visit in Singapore on Thursday (May 31) at the invitation of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The leaders will attend a business event on innovation and entrepreneurship at the Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre on Thursday, according to a press statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA).
Advertisement
Prime Minister Modi will call on President Halimah Yacob, and will be hosted to an official lunch by PM Lee. Emeritus Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong will call on PM Modi on Jun 2, the statement added.
An official welcome ceremony will be held in honour of PM Modi on Friday. On the same day, Mr Modi will visit the Singapore Botanic Gardens where an orchid will be named in their honour, MFA added.
PM Modi will also deliver a keynote address at the 17th International Institute for Strategic Studies Shangri-La Dialogue.
"Prime Minister Modi's visit reflects the close relations between Singapore and India and will build on the India-Singapore Strategic Partnership signed in 2015," MFA said in its statement.
Advertisement
An animated adaptation of the Fast and Furious franchise has been given a straight-to-series order by the streaming giant.The series is the first under an expansion of Netflix's ongoing multi-year deal with DreamWorks Animation Television for original animated kids and family programming.In the series, teenager Tony Toretto follows in the footsteps of their cousin Dom. Like the latter, they and their friends are recruited by a government agency to infiltrate an elite racing league, which is actually a front for a crime organization seeking world domination.Vin Diesel, Neal Moritz and Chris Morgan, who serve as producers on the live-action franchise, will serve as executive producers on the animated series as well.The live-action franchise has earned over $5 billion at the worldwide box office over the course of eight films. The next release hits theaters July 2019; the subsequent films will be released in April 2020 and April 2021, respectively.Melissa Cobb, Vice President of Kids and Family at Netflix, said in a statement: “we can't wait to get started on the new animated series that will capture the action, heart, humor and global appeal of the feature films.”
WELLINGTON: New Zealand's bowlers steadily chipped away at the West Indies lineup to record a ruthless 240-run victory shortly before tea on the fourth day of the second test at Seddon Park in Hamilton on Tuesday to wrap up a 2-0 series sweep.
Mitchell Santner took wickets on successive balls to end the tourists' second innings on 203 for nine as they tried in vain to chase the 444 runs needed to secure an unlikely drawn series after New Zealand dominated the first test in Wellington.
The hosts did not need to take all 10 wickets after Sunil Ambris retired hurt when a short Neil Wagner delivery broke their arm, as the visitors resumed on 30-2 and were never really able to establish a solid partnership throughout the day.
"New Zealand did a great job but when we batted we didn't produce, especially in the first innings of the first test," stand-in West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite said.
"Tough loss, but we saw on the bouncy pitches that we have to be better with our shot selection and we need to be more incisive."
Trent Boult became the sixth New Zealander to claim 200 test wickets when they had Brathwaite caught in the gully by skipper Kane Williamson for 20 to leave the visitors floundering at 43-3 and they failed to recover from the early blow.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It was great to put two strong performances on the board. Credit to the way we stuck to our plans and executed them well in both games," Williamson told reporters.
"Both teams fought really hard but it was nice for us to stick to our plans for long periods and get the rewards."
Boult was not the only New Zealander to achieve a significant personal milestone during the game with Ross Taylor joining former mentor Martin Crowe and Williamson on 17 test centuries, the most by a New Zealander, on Monday.
Taylor finished on 107 not out when Williamson declared on 291-8 with about an hour's play remaining on the third day.
Crowe, who died in 2016, has had a major impact on Taylor's career, helping them transform from a swashbuckling, and at times impetuous, batsman into a player able to dominate attacks.
"At the start of my career if you'd told me I'd get 17 test hundreds, I've had said 'no chance'," Taylor told reporters after the milestone.
"I always thought I'd be just a white-ball player.
"(I) had some good nights with 'Hogan' (Crowe) over some red wine. Talking about my batting, and a lot of it probably not positive.
"It came from a good place and I guess that's why I'm here."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by John O'Brien)
Everlast and PIQ Sport Intelligence have teamed up to bring wearable technology to the boxing world.
Stats and information have always been a part of the sporting world. In recent years, the basic tallies used to measure success and an athlete's performance have begun to expand as advanced analytics have taken hold on the basketball court, the baseball diamond, the hockey ice surface and countless other fields of play.
In many cases, the information gleaned from that data helps shape the work that is done in the practice facility, where inefficiencies are examined and time is committed to addressing weaknesses and building on strengths.
In the combat sports arena, a new product is offering athletes a way analyze their boxing skills.
Everlast and PIQ Sport Intelligence have teamed up to produce the PIQ Robot Blue, a wearable nano-computer that tracks punch types, speed and impact of every punch thrown during a training session. Whether strapped around boxing gloves while working the heavy bag or worn as wraps while shadowboxing, the PIQ Robot Blue records each punch and gives users a detailed look at their performance via the downloadable Everlast PIQ app.
While this type of technology has not yet made its way into the boxing ring or mixed martial arts cages, it has the potential to become a valuable piece of equipment in the training room as coaches and athletes can track the progress being made on a session-by-session basis.
Watch the speed of a jab increase over days, weeks and months. See the force of a right cross climb as technique gets refined. Chart your progress individually and see where you stack up against other PIQ Robot Blue users through the leaderboards that land in your inbox the morning after each session.
Right now, the fight stats used during broadcasts are totals and percentages – head strikes landed, takedowns defended, knockout rate, etc. – but it's not hard to see how Jon Anik could one day be talking about the speed of Max Holloway's jab or the G-Forces generated by Stipe Miocic's lethal right hand when setting the stage for their next appearance in the Octagon.
Having gone a few rounds on the heavy bag using the PIQ Robot Blue myself, it's easy to see how these lightweight wearables can bring a new dimension of data tracking to training and preparation, and potentially in-fight analysis in the future.
If a non-athletic novice like me can find utility and motivation in seeing the total number of punches thrown during a session climb, sharper minds and elite competitors will be able to find ways to synthesize this data and not only find areas to improve, but also track that improvement over time.
The PIQ Robot Blue is easy to setup and use and the Everlast PIQ app is straightforward to install and navigate as well. The data generated from each session syncs with your app effortlessly over Bluetooth and is clearly laid out, making it easy to analyze.
One of the few drawbacks of the product is that users have to specific their preferred stance – orthodox or southpaw – upon installing and launching the app and the type of punches being thrown are all derived from that initial setting. So if you set yourself up as orthodox to start and decided to spend a session fighting southpaw and working on your jab, don't be alarmed when your jab numbers are low and your right cross totals are through the roof.
As with any form of wearable technology, the data tracking isn't always perfect, but on the whole, you're going to get a pretty accurate accounting of the number and types of punches thrown each session and precise data about the speed, force and retraction speed of each type of punch thrown as well.
The PIQ Robot Blue is lightweight and comfortable and retails for $99.00 USD. For more information, please visit the PIQ Sport Intelligence website.
E. Spencer Kyte covers MMA for The Sun and The Province. Follow them on social media: @spencerkyte.
Another Star Wars Celebration is in the books, and even the fans who couldn't attend the Orlando convention got to see some of the biggest panels streamed live. Naturally, not every panel could be streamed live, one of which being the Star Wars 365: Fact and Fiction, which was hosted by Industrial Light and Magic visual effects supervisor John Knoll. The host took a deep dive into A New Hope history for the movie's 40th Anniversary, and even unearthed some rare never-before-seen footage from this iconic classic.
The Cinema Realm attended this panel and posted four new videos featuring brief clips from the first Star Wars movie, A New Hope. The first clip features a scene with the X-Wing Gold Leader, played by Angus MacInnes, who messed up a line during this take, which they responded to by saying, 'Ah f--k, I'm sorry," before starting over again. The rare and surprising F-bomb brought a big laugh from the crowd at Celebration. The second clip is an extended scene from early on in the film, which features possibly the only instance in the original trilogy of a reference to the Sith.
The second video is an extended scene from the first act of A New Hope, where General Taggi (Don Henderson) states that this, "Sith lord sent by the Emperor will be our undoing." While the Sith lord line didn't make it into the theatrical version, and there are no other mention of the Sith until the prequel trilogy, the novelization of A New Hope did feature Sith Lord. What's also interesting about this video is Darth Vader is not voiced by James Earl Jones, which brought a few scattered laughts among the Star Wars Celebration crowd, especially when it comes to Vader's force choke and the iconic line "I find your lack of faith disturbing."
The third video takes place directly after that scene, featuring Peter Cushing forgetting a line, directly after Vader's force choke, with the actor letting out a sigh after they can't come up with the line, which also drew a big laugh. John Knoll added that, while going through the dailies for A New Hope in preparation for this panel, this one one of the very rare instances where Peter Cushing actually forgot their line. The fourth and final video features another Death Star scene where Grand Moff Tarkin tells Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher) that they will deal with their "Rebel friends" soon enough. This scene features a never-before-heard line where a seething Leia tells Tarking, "And you call yourselves human," after Tarkin gives the order to have Alderaan destroyed by the Death Star.
Earlier this year, a rumor surfaced that claimed LucasFilm was finally going to release the unaltered original Star Wars trilogy on home video, which hasn't been made available to fans for several years, after George Lucas debuted the much-maligned Special Editions in 1997. The rumor claimed that there was going to be a big announcement at Star Wars Celebration, but it was debunked just a few days after the rumor surfaced, and no mention of an unaltered Star Wars trilogy was announced at Celebration. Take a look at these rare scenes from Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope below.
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images via ABCCeline Dion's new line of leather goods is coming to Nordstrom.
Women's Wear Daily reports the diva will debut their fall collection of handbags, luggage and small accessories at Nordstrom stores and online. The 50-piece collection ranges in price from $58 to $298 in the U.S.; $158 to $478 for the luggage.
In a statement to WWD, Celine says that Nordstrom is “a wonderful company with great stores, and I'm proud to be associated with them…”
They add, “My collection is all about affordable luxury, and we've created beautiful designs with excellent quality and I can't wait for everyone to discover all of this at Nordstrom.”
Celine's 2017 European summer tour starts Thursday in Copenhagen, Denmark and will visit 17 cities before wrapping up in early August. The tour was to have included a stop in Manchester Arena, but according to the BBC, following the May 22 terrorist bombing that killed 22, the venue will remain closed until September.
Celine's two shows there, scheduled for June 25 and August 1, have been postponed, with no new dates announced yet.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
Gujarat Congress farmers cell office-bearer Haresh Moradiya and their wife committed suicide in Rajkot on Monday, media reports have quoted the police as saying.
Congress leader Haresh Moradiya and their wife allegedly commit suicide in Rajkot #Gujarat — ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
According to TV9 Gujarati, Haresh and their wife Ramila had consumed poison at their house in Maheshwari society at Kothari road of Rajkot. Though the cause of the suicide is unknown, initial probe reveals family disputes may have been the reason. No suicide note has been found yet.
Bhaktinagar police is investigating the incident, but no suicide note has been found yet.
Police said that last night, Ramila called up their daughter's in-laws and urged them to take care of their daughter before they disconnected the call.
The deaths have taken place days before the second phase of polling in the Gujarat Assembly election.
UTICA, N.Y. — Five years ago the Vancouver Canucks' plan seemed simple enough.
Buy an AHL franchise. Stick it in a suitable market. Build it to their specs. Watch it flourish.
How tough could it be?
Uh, did we mention these are the Canucks?
Three months after purchasing the Peoria Rivermen, the Canucks were still conducting a frantic search for the new home of their top minor-league affiliate. Negotiations broke down with the city of Abbotsford. They rejected Peoria. Seattle was considered but the NHL had other plans for that market. Portland, Ore., was a no-go.
With the clock ticking rather loudly, Utica, N.Y., suddenly popped up on the Canucks' radar after that city's negotiations broke down with the Calgary Flames. Then Canucks assistant general manager Laurence Gilman and then Canucks executive Victor de Bonis made the journey to central New York where they encountered Robert Esche, the former NHL goalie, who was knee deep in a renovation at Utica's beloved Memorial Auditorium.
“It was a mess,” says Gilman. “Rubble everywhere.”
But it would get better. For all concerned.
Five years later, the NHL team and this town in the Mohawk River Valley have forged a powerful relationship that stands at the centre of the newly imagined Canucks organization. The Aud — it's official name is, ahem, the Adirondack Bank Centre at the Utica Memorial Auditorium, the Aud to locals — has sold out all 131 games since the franchise's rebirth in 2013-14 and will sell out again for Wednesday's Game 3 of the Comets-Toronto Marlies AHL playoff series. This has created an all-hockey, all-the-time environment and a level of accountability which the Canucks love and a huge economic generator for this city of just over 60,000.
The AHL — which is now, literally, all over the map — has seemingly outgrown these small, rust-belt towns, but something of its history lives on with the Comets. Yes, the Canucks' agreement with the Comets expires at the end of next season, but there's no reason to think this relationship won't continue.
Just ask Trevor Linden.
“You think about the atmosphere you want your young players walking into,” says the Canucks' president. “The results matter. The building is sold out every night. It's a hockey atmosphere with snow on the ground. For me it's a special place. I love what it represents.”
So do the players.
“It's kind of an old-school hockey city,” says team captain Carter Bancks, a B.C. boy from Marysville. “When they got the team back five years ago they were really excited. They want to hold on to it. We feel that every single day.”
This is Bancks's fourth season with the Comets and he's part of a leadership group the organization has carefully constructed to help mentor its young players. This playoff season Jonathan Dahlen, Lukas Jasek and Kole Lind have all arrived in Utica, where they figure to play next season under the tutelage of head coach Trent Cull and GM Ryan Johnson. They'll be joined by another layer of high-end Canucks prospects and yet another level of young pros who could move up and down between Vancouver and Utica.
Collectively, that group represents the Canucks' future and the development of those players is crucial to whatever hopes the team has of reversing its fortunes. Johnson and Cull will play huge roles there.
But so will this city and everything that comes with it.
The Aud is a jewel of a facility that offers every conceivable modern convenience and a few that are inconceivable for a town and venue (capacity: 3,924) this size. There are, for example, five bars on site and a fancy new restaurant being constructed. There are also seven suites, all with a sleek, polished look.
The Aud opened in 1960 and its futuristic cable-suspension ceiling was the inspiration for Madison Square Gardens.
Here's another reason to love the rink. Scenes from Slap Shot were filmed here.
Esche, who knew Gilman from their days with the Phoenix Coyotes, was the driving force behind the original renovation in 2013 and a subsequent expansion last summer. A native of Utica, he's tapped into some generous state funding — $10 million for the first go-round, $10 million more for the second — and he's created “the heartbeat of the city,” according to Johnson.
“Robert has pushed the envelope,” says Johnson. “This was a last-minute throw together (in 2013) and it was like it had been up and running for 10 years.”
Utica, in fact, had an AHL franchise from 1987 to 1993 before the New Jersey Devils moved their affiliate to Albany. A series of teams then operated in second-tier minor leagues — the Bulldogs in the Colonial Hockey League, the Mohawk Valley Prowlers in the United Hockey League, the Mohawk Valley IceCats in the North Eastern Hockey League — before the Canucks came calling.
“It's like Winnipeg,” says Linden. “They lost their team and felt they got cheated. And then they came back. It means a lot to them and their city.”
There are challenges. Utica is three time zones and 3,000 miles away from Vancouver, by far the greatest distance between an NHL team and its affiliate. This makes the transshipment of players an eight-hour, one-car-ride, three-airport ordeal.
Johnson counters the proximity to other AHL cities — the Comets play in a division with Toronto, Rochester, Syracuse, Binghamton, Belleville and Laval — means more practice days for the Comets and less time travelling. The Comets' GM said their team had 69 full practice days this season, which doesn't count game-day skates. The Canucks had 39.
“Say we put this in Abbotsford,” says Linden. “We're going to lose half those practice days, flying in, flying out of YVR. I don't know. I like this.”
As it happens, the agreement between the Canucks and Comets has an opener that kicks in Jan. 1, 2019. Seems like the love affair between this team and their town won't be ending any time soon.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
You might also like:
STOCKHOLM: Around 70 asylum seekers were evacuated from their accommodation in southern Sweden on Wednesday after a suspected arson attack, police said.
Police in the town of Karlshamn said there were no reported injuries but one person was arrested, suspected of starting the fire that destroyed major parts of the complex.
According to a witness, the fire was a result of an attempted suicide where a resident set fire to furniture after their asylum application was rejected.
Sweden, with a population of 10 million people, reversed many years of generous immigration policy in late 2015 by introducing tougher border controls and immigration laws.
In 2015 more than 160,000 people sought asylum in the country, most of them from Africa and the Middle East.
Advertisement
Advertisement
During the last couple of years, several asylum centres have been burned down in suspected arson attacks.
(Reporting by Mansour Yosufzai, Johan Sennero,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
TORONTO – The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for their transfer to Canada directly to the state's governor when they visit Toronto later this month.
In a letter to Gov. Rick Scott, Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask them personally to sign off on allowing their son, William Russell (Russ) Davies, to serve out their sentence in Canada.
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October, where the Davies are hoping they, or a friend of theirs, will be able to catch their attention.
“We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home,” the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press. “We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that their transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida.”
READ MORE: ‘My dear boy': Canadian family weeps for son locked up in Florida 30 years ago
Russ Davies, 49, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach, Fla. Two years later, a jury convicted them of first-degree murder.
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies' trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham. The state's key witness – one of their five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences – admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime.
In addition, their public defender Carmen Corrente, now an assistant attorney general, made numerous mistakes at trial, some of which they admitted at the time.
Russ Davies, who has always denied firing the fatal shot, has long sought a transfer to serve out their sentence in Canada. Despite Canada's formal willingness to take them back, Florida has steadfastly refused to let them leave – and they remain in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole.
Their parents, who used to visit them in prison in the Sunshine State, are no longer able to do so due to poor health.
“Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of their sentence,” their letter states. “We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime.”
READ MORE: Canadian diplomat's son expected to get plea deal in Miami drug shooting
Scott's office has not responded to a request for comment, but has previously said only that Davies' transfer request was under consideration.
In an interview Friday, Carol Davies, 74, said she's unsure whether their health will allow them to travel to Toronto from eastern Ontario to try to talk to Scott, but they know what they would say:
“Why can't you bring them back?” Davies said they would ask the governor. “Why are you keeping him? There's no reason that kid should still be there.”
The White House has defended President Donald Trump's reaction to deadly violence over a white supremacist rally in Virginia, amid criticism they did not explicitly condemn far-right groups.
But a spokesperson said their condemnation included white supremacists.
A woman was killed on Saturday when a car rammed into a crowd protesting against the rally in Charlottesville.
Separately, a rally organiser was chased away by protesters as they tried to give a press conference on Sunday.
Jason Kessler, who organised the controversial “Unite the Right” march, was heckled and booed as they blamed the police for not preventing the violence, which they also condemned.
Media captionJason Kessler was booed and chased away from their press conference, as the BBC's Joel Gunter reports
Nineteen people were injured in the car-ramming incident, and another 15 people were wounded in separate clashes related to the far-right march on Saturday afternoon.
Protests and vigils in support of Charlottesville were held in many US cities on Sunday. In Seattle, police used pepper spray to stop anti-fascist protesters approaching a pro-Trump rally.
How did Trump initially respond?
Hours after the violence erupted, Mr Trump said they condemned “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides”.
“The hate and the division must stop right now,” they told reporters in New Jersey, where they are on a working holiday. “We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation.”
But their comments did not explicitly condemn the white extremist groups involved in the rally, an omission that was strongly criticised by Republicans and Democrats alike.
Media captionThe US president ignored questions over whether their response went far enough
Many, including senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, echoed the sentiment of Colorado Senator Cory Gardner, who tweeted: “Mr President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.”
The president's national security adviser, HR McMaster, went further by commenting: “Anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it meets the definition of terrorism.”
In response, the White House issued a statement on Sunday clarifying that Mr Trump's condemnation had included white supremacists.
“The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups,” a spokesperson.
Clues for how the president would react to such a situation were scattered across their presidential campaign.
In February 2016, Mr Trump initially declined to disavow support from the Klu Klux Klan and David Duke, the former Klan leader who became a Louisiana Republican politician.
“Any candidate who cannot immediately condemn a hate group like the KKK does not represent the Republican Party, and will not unite it,” Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, the first black Republican elected from a Southern state since 1881, said.
After a week, Mr Trump gave a firm statement denouncing the KKK, but their initial hesitance would be an issue for the remainder of their presidential race.
If, as Mr Trump's critics suggest, their statements following the Charlottesville incident were yet another “dog whistle” to white supremacists, there's evidence that the message was clearly heard.
“Trump comments were good,” one poster on the neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer wrote. “He didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together.”
Hundreds of white nationalists converged for Saturday's “Unite the Right” march, called to protest against the removal of a statue of a general who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy during the US Civil War.
The far-right demonstrators, who included neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan (KKK) members, clashed violently with counter-protesters.
A 32-year-old woman, Heather D Heyer, was later killed when a car was driven into a crowd of dispersing counter-protesters.
Ms Heyer's mother paid tribute to their daughter, who was a civil rights activist and lawyer.
Image caption A makeshift memorial has been set up at the site of the incident
“She always had a very strong sense of right and wrong, they always, even as a child, was very caught up in what they believed to be fair,” they told the Huffington Post.
“I'm proud that what they were doing was peaceful, they aren't there fighting with people.”
Media captionMarissa Blair says the Charlottesville car attack was an ‘act of terror'
Twenty-year-old James Fields from Ohio, the alleged driver, is in detention on suspicion of second-degree murder and the FBI has opened a civil rights investigation.
Some observers say that Mr Trump's election to the White House has re-energised the far right across the US.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, a civil rights organisation, says that “Trump's run for office electrified the radical right, which saw in them a champion of the idea that America is fundamentally a white man's country.”
[Source: BBC]
Comments
comments
Practice makes perfect.
We've all heard the phrase, and it holds true across a variety of disciplines. But what do you do about an endeavor that demands near-absolute perfection, but rarely can ever be practiced?
In this case, we're referring to surgery, a skill which requires steady, learned hands. But each surgery is unique – not to mention invasive and traumatic – making rehearsal practically impossible.
Previously, we've reported on the strides the University of Minnesota is making in the use of various imaging techniques – including 3D-printing – to help physicians and other medical professionals visualize internal biological structures. At the university's Visible Heart Lab, they're even reanimating porcine and human hearts to give students and researchers a more in-depth understanding of how the organ functions.
According to a report from the university's news service, a research team, led by UMN mechanical engineers, is using 3D-printing technology to create lifelike, patient-specific organ models to help surgeons plan for complicated surgeries, such as whole organ transplants.
“We are developing next-generation organ models for pre-operative practice. The organ models we are 3D printing are almost a perfect replica in terms of the look and feel of an individual's organ, using our custom-built 3D printers,” said lead researcher Michael McAlpine, an associate professor of mechanical engineering in the University of Minnesota's College of Science and Engineering and a 2017 recipient of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE). “We think these organ models could be ‘game-changers' for helping surgeons better plan and practice for surgery. We hope this will save lives by reducing medical errors during surgery,” McAlpine added.
While printing organ models isn't exactly new, previous varieties used plastics and rubbers as the printing medium, yielding hard and inaccurate replicas. The UMN-led team is using a special silicone ink, calibrated to match tissue samples from the patient, in order to print models that can be used to prepare for a number of the elements of surgery.
Based on MRI scans, the detailed internal structure of these new models allows for trial runs of endoscopic visualization procedures. Sensors integrated into the “tissue” of the organ model let surgeons, quite literally, get a feel for the organ being worked on, learning how it responds to pressure and other stresses. They can even practice suturing on the model.
While the current technology is limited to preoperative preparations, McAlpine, who was featured earlier this year on BTN LiveBIG for their 3D-printed sensor technology, foresees a future whereby 3D-printing is used to create actual functioning organs.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.
LONDON: British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.
Sky cited a source from May's office who said the trip had never been finally confirmed or publicly announced.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas and Alistair Smout; editing by Michael Holden)
WORLD
Rahul Gandhi. AFP-Yonhap
NEW DELHI (AFP) -- India's opposition Congress party named Rahul Gandhi as its new leader on Monday after years of speculation, calling it a "historic occasion".Senior Congress leader Mullappally Ramachandran said the 47-year-old had stood unopposed for election as the president of the party their family had led for generations."I hereby declare Shri Rahul Gandhi elected as the President of the Indian National Congress," they told reporters outside the Congress headquarters in New Delhi."This is a historic occasion."The announcement caps years of speculation that the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty would take over from their 71-year-old mother Sonia who has led the party for nearly two decades.Rahul, whose father, grandmother and great-grandfather all served as prime minister, has been their deputy since 2013 and led the campaign for the last general election.He will officially take over on Saturday at a ceremony in New Delhi.Congress party workers let off firecrackers and shouted "long live Rahul"as they celebrated the announcement."I have waited for this day for so many years. My joy knows no bounds,"said Prem Chowdhury, a long-time party member and former municipal councillor.Rahul was strongly criticised for a lacklustre campaign for the 2014 general election, in which Congress recorded its worst-ever showing and lost power to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).Since the national election defeat, the party has lost polls in many states to the BJP, exposing them to further criticism.But few inside the party have been willing to publicly criticise the family that has been at its helm for generations.Sonia Gandhi wielded huge influence over Congress administrations despite having no official government role.She was thrust into the cauldron of Indian politics in 1998 when they agreed to take over the leadership of the party after the murder of their husband Rajiv Gandhi.But the state of their health has been the subject of much speculation in India since 2011, when they went to the United States for surgery.Rahul has long had the reputation of a reluctant leader who lacks the charisma to revive the flagging political dynasty.Some Congress supporters have called for their sister Priyanka to take a more prominent role, but they have always refused.Party supporters however said Rahul had displayed greater political acumen in recent years.He is currently campaigning for elections in Gujarat, Modi's home state in western India, where the BJP has ruled for more than 20 years.
The Illinois Department on Aging is accepting nominations for the 2018 Senior Illinoisans Hall of Fame Awards.
These awards recognize adults, 65 and older, and highlight the meaningful contributions they have made in Illinois.
“It is a true honor to recognize older adults across the state that have made a significant impact on their community,” department Director Jean Bohnhoff said. “I encourage everyone to nominate someone who should be recognized for their notable service. Please help us honor those who help the principles of respecting yesterday, supporting today, and hoping for tomorrow.”
Award nominations are being accepted for the following categories:
• Community Service: awarded to senior citizens who have shown support for the general public and community-based programs in their area or at large.
• Education: awarded to senior citizens who have shown a dedication to instruction and the world of academia.
• Labor Force: awarded to senior citizens who have a record of accomplishment in their employment or professional career.
• Performance/Graphic Arts: awarded to senior citizens who have a commitment to health and the promotion of well-being or a record of accomplishment in artistic expression.
The Senior Illinoisans Hall of Fame was created by the Illinois General Assembly in 1994 to honor Illinois residents ages 65 and older for their personal achievements in four separate categories. Since then, 113 people have been inducted into the Hall of Fame.
The deadline for nominations is Thursday, May 31. Nomination forms are available by calling the Senior HelpLine at (800) 252-8966 or on the website.
For more information on how to nominate someone, contact Elizabeth Delheimer at Elizabeth.Delheimer@Illinois.gov.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Big Brother viewers said they were unimpressed to see Nicola McLean back in the house after they ruffled feathers during the celebrity version of the show.
Model McLean, 35, was at the centre of plenty of bust-ups and was branded "a bully" by their housemates Jedward when they were on the Channel 5 programme earlier this year.
The star has now returned to the house alongside Marnie Simpson and Gemma Collins as part of a task in the non-celebrity series - leaving viewers rather annoyed.
"Seriously! Wtf is Nicola McLean doing on #BBUK AGAIN! I'm gonna have to turn off, ruined my summer!" moaned one person on Twitter.
Another tweeted: "Omg I can't believe #BBUK are inflicting Nicola McLean on the viewing public yet again."
Others commented on the fact McLean - who also appeared on the show in 2012 - has had so many stays in the house.
"Nicola McClean should be charged rent the amount of time she's spent in the house," joked one.
"I'm sure Nicola McLean just makes no plans whenever big brother is going to be on, how many series has they been on now?!" asked another.
There was also disappointment that McLean's sparring partner from the last series, How Clean Is Your House? star Kim Woodburn, has not entered the house.
"Wish they sent in Kim they would have slayed in that house!" said one fan.
And many thought a McLean/Woodburn reunion would have provided some fireworks.
One viewer pondered: "Imagine a #gogglebox special tonight around Kim Woodburns, when they see Nicola in the house."
"I would love so much if Kim Woodburn walked in and to see Nicola's face would make my day," said another.
As part of this week's shopping task, the housemates will have to cater to the whims and diva demands of their VIP guests.
NEW YORK (LPC) - Ride-hailing service Uber Technologies Inc is asking lenders to lower pricing on its USUS$1.13bn term loan due in 2023, sources said.
Strong demand for the company's debt has kept bids for the loan above 100 in the secondary market since September 2017, according to LPC data. The loan had an average bid of 100.7 at the start of the week, which typically allows issuers to lower pricing as investors are more eager to hold onto the paper at a lower interest rate than allow it to be refinanced and handed over to someone else.
Advertisement
Uber is tapping its original lenders to cut the interest rate on the loan after deciding to privately place a separate USUS$1.5bn term loan with investors in March – an unusual move in the leveraged loan market, which typically relies on investment banks to arrange syndicated deals.
The privately held company has generated huge interest among loan investors due to its massive valuation, which currently stands at USUS$62bn based on proposed terms from a secondary stock sale announced last week, as well as the fact that so many people use the service.
A lenders call is scheduled for May 31 at noon. Morgan Stanley is leading with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Royal Bank of Canada and SunTrust.
Uber made waves in the leveraged loan market in 2016 when it arranged the loan and priced the debt at 400bp over Libor despite generating negative Ebitda. The leveraged loan market typically requires companies to be generating profits before investors are willing to lend.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As reported by Reuters, Uber lost USUS$312m during the first quarter of 2018, less than half of the USUS$775m loss posted during the fourth quarter of 2017 and substantially less than the USUS$598m loss reported during the same quarter a year ago.
Investors were eager to buy the loan when it came to the market due to the buzz generated by the popular startup, allowing the company to increase the size to USUS$1.15bn from USUS$1bn during syndication. The loan was later criticized by federal regulators, as reported.
Federal banking regulators implemented Leveraged Lending Guidance in 2013 that more closely examined loans with leverage of greater than 6.0 times debt to Ebitda and required banks to make sure issuers can pay down all senior debt, or at least half of all debt, within five to seven years.
Comptroller of the Currency Joseph Otting, one of the heads of the regulators responsible for overseeing the guidelines, said last week that banks have the flexibility to underwrite loans outside those parameters if they do it in a "safe and sound manner."
After banks were criticized for the original loan, Uber privately placed the separate USUS$1.5bn seven-year term loan with investors in March using Cortland Capital Market Services as the administrative agent in an effort to evade more scrutiny from banking regulators.
The company increased the size of that loan to USUS$1.5bn from USUS$1.25bn and lowered pricing to the same rate of 400bp over Libor from initial guidance in the 425bp-450bp over Libor range.
The loan placed directly is also currently seeing a bid of 100.7, according to LPC data.
(Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing by Michelle Sierra and Lynn Adler)
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — Buffalo Bills owner Terry Pegula has full confidence in general manager Doug Whaley's ability to turn around their franchise, and outlined the reasons coach Rex Ryan was fired in an exclusive interview with The Associated Press.
Pegula says he's disappointed in having to change coaches after only two years, but says they had no other choice to fire Ryan after the Bills defense showed few signs of progress during the season.
“None of us are happy with the season,” Pegula said during a 17-minute phone interview with The AP on Monday.
Pegula spoke a day after the Bills (7-9) closed the season with a 30-10 loss at the New York Jets and extended the NFL's longest active playoff drought to 17 years. And they spoke shortly after Whaley held an end-of-season news conference in which the general manager said they had no idea Ryan's job was in jeopardy and had no input into the coaching change.
Pegula backed up Whaley's comments in their first interview since Ryan was fired on Dec. 27 and replaced by Anthony Lynn, who took over as interim coach.
Pegula said they made what they called “an executive decision” to fire Ryan during their weekly conference call with the coach and Whaley.
As the call came to a close, Pegula said Ryan asked to speak to the owner privately. Pegula said Ryan then directly asked them about their future beyond this season.
Pegula said they had no choice but to set things straight with Ryan.
“I was asked a point-blank question and based on the discussions we've been having all year, I felt it was better to tell Rex that we were going in a different direction,” Pegula said.
Ryan recommended Lynn to take over as interim coach for Buffalo's final game.
Though Pegula was going to wait to evaluate Ryan's job after the season, they said they probably would've come to the same conclusion now as they did a week ago.
Pegula based their decision on their own observations, input he's received from their front-office staff over the course of the season, and also on previous discussions he's had with Ryan regarding addressing the team's struggles.
“(Whaley) had input on the basis of conversations throughout the year, what the problems were,” Pegula said. “But did Doug ever say, ‘Are we firing our coach, are we keeping our coach?' We never had that conversation. I took it upon myself to tell Rex on the basis of conversations about the games and the aftermath of certain games that, hey, things aren't going well.”
One of the low points for Pegula was a 38-24 loss at Oakland on Dec. 4, in which the Bills squandered 24-9 third-quarter lead.
Ryan was a defensive specialist who oversaw a unit that finished 19th in yards allowed in each of their two seasons. This year, Buffalo also allowed opposing running backs to gain 200 yards rushing three times — including Miami's Jay Ajayi twice.
Pegula referred to Lynn as only a candidate to replace Ryan, but “not a lock” to take over the job on a permanent basis.
Pegula did acknowledge the Bills placed Lynn in a tough situation, getting only six days to prepare to coach against the Jets, and minus their starting quarterback. With the Bills out of playoff contention, Pegula said the decision was made to bench starter Tyrod Taylor to evaluate backup EJ Manuel and rookie fourth-round pick Cardale Jones.
Manuel, who is completing the final year of their contract, struggled in going 9 of 20 for 86 yards and a lost fumble, before being replaced by Jones to start the fourth quarter.
As for Taylor's future, Pegula said that was still to be evaluated.
Pegula did pay Taylor a compliment when reminded they went 7-8 this season.
“Maybe they can win more games than that, I don't know,” Pegula said. “But when the other side of the ball's not performing, it's hard to outscore people.”
The Bills led the NFL in rushing for a second consecutive season and tied for 10th in points scored. The Bills passing attack did hold them back by finishing 30th.
Pegula defended the Bills at a time critics are questioning the team's direction.
“There's no dysfunction. Everybody is on the same page,” Pegula said. “We're busy busting our asses.”
___
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Currency stability around the world is contributing to global growth and investment, David Malpass, the Treasury's under secretary for international affairs, said on Friday.
“There is an opportunity now as the world grows faster and the financial system is stable to recognize that the stability that has been occurring on exchange rates is a result of good policies, and it contributes to growth and investment around the world,” they told the Center for Strategic and International Studies. (Reporting by Lesley Wroughton and David Lawder Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
REUTERS: Leicester City are underdogs in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid, defender Christian Fuchs has said ahead of Tuesday's game.
Premier League champions Leicester are the only English team left in the Champions League and their debut campaign hangs in the balance as they look to overcome a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in Madrid at the King Power Stadium.
Atletico have been in the quarter-finals of the Champions League for last three years and have progressed to the finals twice, losing to Spanish rivals Real Madrid in both finals.
"I think Madrid (are favourites) given their history over the last couple of years of participating in the Champions League. We're here for the first time in our history," Fuchs told the club's website (www.lcfc.com).
"I don't think anybody wants to come here against Leicester. Nevertheless, we're still the underdogs and we'll still try to take our chance."
Once relative Champions League unknowns, however, Atletico are now true European giants and will provide the sternest test yet of Leicester's fairytale continental adventure. Fuchs praised their teammates for what they have achieved so far.
"It's already a great achievement – Leicester City playing in the Premier League and the Champions League... we'll see how the game goes," Fuchs said.
"We're very focused on that for now so let's see how the game ends. We always try to give everything."
After Tuesday's match, Leicester has a short break before they travel to Arsenal in the Premier League on April 26.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
0
If you were on the internet at all over the past few days, your eyes were probably inundated with everything Star Wars. Indeed, the fan event Star Wars Celebration took place this past weekend, and the Collider team was out in full force covering panels, conducting interviews, recording reactions, and covering breaking news. In short, we posted a ton of Star Wars Celebration Orlando coverage on Collider in a short amount of time, so you'd be forgiven for missing some of it.
Which is why we've put together this handy post with links to the entirety of Collider's Star Wars Celebration coverage. Below you'll find full recaps of notable panels like Star Wars: The Last Jedi and Mark Hamill's tribute to Carrie Fisher, as well as video reactions from the Collider Video team to panels ranging from the video game Star Wars Battlefront II to Disney XD's popular series Star Wars Rebels. We even have original content like a special Star Wars trivia contest with actor Sam Witwer as part of the “Schmoedown”.
So check out all of our content below, separated into handy categories.
Warm, humid and unstable air created all the right ingredients needed to fuel a severe thunderstorm near Moose Jaw early Wednesday morning. The severe thunderstorm intensified as it moved slowly southeast hitting the city around 3:00 a.m.
A significant amount of hail fell on the city, with up to 15 cm piled up in some areas. Despite sunshine and 20 degree temperatures, mounds of hail could still be seen eight hours after the storm had passed. This caused issues as residents commuted to work and school in the morning.
A severe thunderstorm warning was issued by Environment Canada for the Moose Jaw region around 3:15 a.m. The storm produced pea-sized hail, 50 km/h wind gusts and heavy rain as it pushed southeast at 30 km/h.
The storm also caused power outages and clogged drains across Moose Jaw.
12:05 PM: 12:00PM Update Outage: City of Moose Jaw -South Hill subdivision and surrounding areas, Crews are continuing to work on repairs from the storm. No ETR. Next update: 2:00pm. #skoutage — SaskPower (@SaskPower) May 30, 2018
READ MORE: Be prepared to deal with emergency situations in Saskatchewan
For weather-on-the-go, download the Global News Skytracker weather app for iPhone, iPad or Android.
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police said on Tuesday they had arrested a prominent member of the opposition Democratic Party for "misleading police" after they claimed they had been assaulted and illegally detained by mainland Chinese agents in the city.
Howard Lam was shown on local television being taken away by police in a van with handcuffs in the early hours of Monday morning. They were questioned at a police station, with evidence taken from their home including a tablet computer, mobile phones and a pair of sunglasses.
"We believe the information they gave is false," Cheng Lai-ki, a superintendent of police, told reporters. The police said in a statement that Lam had been arrested for "misleading police".
Lam had last week held a press conference, claiming they had been beaten by mainland Chinese agents in Hong Kong before being dumped on a beach in what activists said was a shocking breach of Hong Kong's autonomy by Chinese authorities.
Hong Kong, a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997, was handed back amid promises that Beijing would grant the city a large degree of autonomy and freedoms not allowed in mainland China, under a so-called "one country, two systems" arrangement.
Lam, a longstanding and active member of the city's largest and most established opposition political group, the Democratic Party, said they had also been warned in a telephone call not to give an autographed photograph from Barcelona's star footballer Lionel Messi to the widow of Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lam said they were confronted by men speaking Mandarin, the main language in mainland China but not widely used in Cantonese-speaking Hong Kong, outside a sports store. Lam wasn't, however, able to give concrete evidence to back up their claims the men were Chinese agents.
Lam had said the men took them away and interrogated them in a nine-hour ordeal. They also showed reporters wounds on their body, including welts and a series of metal staples that they said the men had punched into their skin for being "unpatriotic". They were knocked out and eventually found themselves dumped on a remote beach, Lam added.
But in CCTV footage carried on local television, a man in sunglasses and a medical face mask with a passing resemblance to Lam was shown walking freely in the area at the time of the purported abduction.
Lam, when shown the footage, said that they believed the man in the footage was not him.
Lam couldn't be immediately reached by Reuters for comment.
(Reporting by James Pomfret; Editing by Michael Perry)
The average price for a gallon of gas in Vallejo is higher than the national average but lower than the state, regional and area average, a new survey found.
At $2.77, the average per-gallon price of regular unleaded gasoline in Vallejo, is up .03 cents from a month ago, according to AAA Northern California.
A AAA spokesperson blames the higher cost of gas statewide at least in part on California's refineries' continuing production problems, “which led to the third consecutive week of production declines in the region, all of which kept California's gas prices near the top of the country.”
Tuesday's average price of unleaded regular gas in California is $2.88, that's $.01 higher than yesterday, a $.05 increase from a week ago, up $.07 from a month ago and $.47 higher than a year ago, they said.
Northern California's average price for regular gasoline is $2.80, up $.04 from a month ago. Of the Northern California cities surveyed by AAA as a service to consumers, Marysville's $2.57 was the lowest average price per-gallon and South Lake Tahoe's average $3.14 was the highest.
“California gas prices inched higher due to refinery maintenance last week, as Chevron shut down two production refineries in El Segundo and Richmond due to unplanned maintenance and problems with production equipment,” AAA Northern California spokesperson John Moreno, said. “Gas prices on the West Coast remain the highest in the nation.”
The national average gas price reflects the majority of the country by staying relatively steady this past week, the report shows, with Tuesday's average price of $2.28, the same as Monday's, but up $.01 from a week ago, $.07 from a month ago and $.58 from a year ago. Hawaii posts the highest price in the country, at $3.11 and South Carolina has the lowest average price, at $2.04.
On Monday, OPEC released its Monthly Oil Market Report showing that participating countries implemented 90 percent of the agreed upon production cuts pledged at last year's historic deal. This translated into a cut of 890,000 barrels of oil per day in January. The U.S. has tempered the impact of this by continuing to increase drilling and production, AAA officials said.
To get the best mileage possible, AAA recommends keeping tires at the proper pressure suggested by the vehicle manufacturer, performing routine maintenance and making sure fluids are clean and belts and hoses are in good repair, they said. The way you drive can also impact fuel economy. Smooth driving to avoid sudden stops and starts, combining trips and lightening your load also help conserve gasoline.
Contact Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824.
Two new apps for ordering food and having it delivered have launched in Edmonton.
ClickDishes and Nomme are the latest additions to Edmonton's mobile food ordering landscape and hope to make buying and picking up food easier and faster.
ClickDishes is a mobile app that partners with local restaurants to offer customers pre-ordering for pickup, and to streamline dine-in eating and paying.
“Customers place an order on their app and pay for it,” co-founder Vicki Zhou said. “Restaurants receive it on their tablet and acknowledge how long it will take for them to make the order. The customer then gets a notification saying that your order will be ready in 15 minutes or five minutes… You can launch the map so it guides you to the restaurant. Once a customer arrives at a restaurant, the restaurant should have their order prepared and ready.
“They put it at a different pick-up line separate from the restaurant's in-person line.”
READ MORE: Looking for a farmers market in Alberta? There's an app for that
Zhou said they and the app's other co-founder worked downtown and saw a need for this kind of service.
“Downtown workers only have 30 minutes for a break and we spend 15 minutes lining up to get food and pay for the food. With ClickDishes, you can just order at your desk and then you can just walk to the restaurant and pick it up.”
The app launched in Edmonton this week and so far 14 local restaurants, including BRU Coffee and Beer House, The Burger's Priest and Remedy Cafe, have joined up to test out the Grab & Go service. ClickDishes also has a feature that let users split the bill with other diners. It plans to have a total of 30 restaurant partners in Edmonton by the end of June.
READ MORE: UberEATS aims to take big bite out of Edmonton food delivery competition
Nomme is comparable to UberEATS or SkipTheDishes, except that it interviews, trains and hires its own drivers. It's a takeout and delivery app used by more than 400 restaurants across Alberta.
READ MORE: UberEATS driver has access to company ‘removed' after couple receives mouldy food
The two new additions join a market that already features apps like UberEATS and SkipTheDishes. Still, Zhou says these apps offer something different and meet a big demand in Edmonton.
WATCH: Skip the Dishes expanding operations
“It is a competitive industry for us but for Click Dishes, there's definitely a huge demand in downtown Edmonton and also in cities like Vancouver and Calgary. There's a lot of demand for mobile ordering-ahead apps,” Zhou said.
“We welcome any competition. That's the trend of the market.”
READ MORE: Find the perfect Edmonton patio with the Patio Buzz app
Needless to say, the industry is booming.
“In the U.S. alone, mobile ordering is expected to reach $38 billion in sales by 2020,” Alec Wang, the CEO of ClickDishes, said. “With mobile ordering becoming more mainstream thanks to large brands like Starbucks and McDonald's releasing their own apps, it is an obvious trend in the marketplace that our local businesses need to take advantage of. The ClickDishes team is excited to bring these capabilities to Alberta's restaurants.”
The company also says ClickDishes allows local restaurants offer the same mobile ordering options as huge, global chains at a significantly lower cost.
Both ClickDishes and Nomme are available on iOS and Android.
The Kingdom Tower stands in the night in Riyadh November 16, 2007.
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's state budget deficit shrank by a fifth in the second quarter from a year earlier as revenues rose moderately on the back of higher oil prices.
The deficit dropped to 46.5 billion riyals ($12.4 billion) in the April-June period from about 58.4 billion riyals a year earlier, data from the finance ministry showed on Sunday. It expanded from 26.2 billion riyals in the first quarter of this year, however.
Saudi officials said the figures showed the world's largest oil exporter was making good progress in repairing state finances that have been severely damaged by slumping oil prices in the last three years.
"Today's update presents clear evidence of progress towards achieving fiscal balance by 2020," finance minister Mohammed al-Jadaan said in a statement.
"Whilst economic challenges remain, we are confident in achieving our fiscal deficit projections for 2017," they added. The government has projected a deficit of 198 billion riyals or roughly 8 percent of gross domestic product this year, down from an actual 297 billion riyals in 2016.
Revenues increased 6 percent from a year ago to 163.9 billion riyals in the second quarter. However, that was because of higher oil prices and Riyadh appeared to make little progress overall in developing non-oil revenues, which are key to its long-term drive to wean itself off dependence on energy exports.
Oil revenues jumped 28 percent from a year ago to 101.0 billion riyals while non-oil revenues shrank 17 percent to 62.9 billion riyals.
Spending dropped 1.3 percent to 210.4 billion riyals in the second quarter because of a nearly 40 percent fall in the government's "use of goods and services" - a sign that to save money, Riyadh was continuing to hold back on expenditure on infrastructure projects and was cutting operating costs.
Cemil Ertem, chief economy advisor to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, announced that a meeting on interest rates and investments was held last evening with Erdoğan as chairperson. They said that some decisions were made about reforms during the meeting.
During a televised interview on TRT Haber, Ertem said that interest rates should come to investable levels.
Explaining that meetings on interest rates and investments will continue, Ertem said: "It is very clear that interest dynamics will not fall as a result of decisions to be made by authorities. It is a situation that needs to be formed within the dynamics of the economy and the requirements of markets. During last evening's meeting, decisions were made on reforms."
According to Ertem, interest rates will decrease in 2018, which will be a year of direct investments.
"We think that the Treasury should take steps to lower interest rates this year and will do that, as well. All institutions, especially public banks, should act with this sensitivity," they added.
They said that they are conducting studies so that the Treasury can provide new opportunities to banks through an innovative approach in 2018.
"We will create such a competitive market where the banking system will support the real economy."
According to Reuters, Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım, Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Şimşek, Central Bank Governor Murat Çetinkaya, public bank managers and bureaucrats attended the economic consultation meeting. The meeting also addressed steps to be taken toward credit expansion, inclusive growth, export growth and growth through reforms and investments.
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
The Edwardsville boys tennis team started its season over the weekend by making the 440-mile trip to Chattanooga, Tenn., to compete in DecoTurf Tennis Team Championships.
The Tigers made the long trip back to the Midwest with a title.
Edwardsville won the championship in the “C” division of the tournament, which features 11 state champions throughout the country, including Zach Trimpe and Alex Gray.
Last year, Trimpe and Gray won a state championship in doubles. At the DecoTurf tournament, Trimpe and Gray, along with Seth Lipe, were undefeated.
The Tigers beat Dunwoody, Ga., which is outside Atlanta, 5-3 in the championship match. Seniors Jason Pan and Logan Pursell clinched the victory for EHS by winning their No. 3 doubles match.
Edwardsville also beat Allen, Texas, which is north of Dallas, 5-3 in the semifinals and George Washington of Charleston, W.V., 6-3 in the opening match.
The tournament is split into six divisions. There were eight teams in each division with bracketed play.
SOFTBALL
Alton 9, Centralia 7
Alton 17, Centralia 11
Civic Memorial 15, Bunker Hill 1
Marquette Catholic 13, Litchfield 0
EA-WR 9, Carrollton 6
Mascoutah 9, Roxana 0
Mascoutah 10, Roxana 8
BASEBALL
Alton 20, Tinley Park 0
Marquette Catholic 16, Litchfield 0
Edwardsville 11, Tinley Park 1
Edwardsville 5, Lincoln-Way West 2
Granite City 9, Freeburg 8 (8 inns.)
Mascoutah 11, Metro East Lutheran 1
Metro East Lutheran 4, Calhoun 3
Calhoun 13, Metro East Lutheran 6
Moline 9, Civic Memorial 2
Triad 7, Marquette Catholic 5
Jersey 11, Roxana 0
Gibault 8, Roxana 6
GIRLS SOCCER
Granite City 1, Naperville Central 0
Marquette Catholic 2, Roxana 0
Civic Memorial 8, Mount Vernon 2
Marion 7, Civic Memorial 1
Father McGivney 2, Jersey 0
Freeburg 3, Father McGivney 0
Alton 4, Springfield 0
Alton 0, Waterloo 0
Greenville 3, Metro East Lutheran 0
TRACK
GENE ARMER INVITATIONAL – Granite City junior Andrew O'Keefe was the only area athlete to pick up a win at the Gene Armer Indoor Invitational on Saturday at the University of Illinois.
O'Keefe won the 1,600 with a time of 4:22.94 for their first victory of the season. Two weeks ago, they placed second in the 400 at the Jacksonville Indoor Invitational.
The Edwardsville girls had the top team finish out of the area teams, placing sixth with 31 points. The Tigers' 3,200-meter relay team of Elise Krone, Melissa Spencer, Katelyn Singh and Abby Korak placed second with a 10:01.31.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday they urged Iran to release detained dual nationals during a visit to the Islamic Republic.
LONDON: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday they urged Iran to release detained dual nationals during a visit to the Islamic Republic.
"I urged their release, on humanitarian grounds, where there is cause to do so," Johnson told the British parliament.
"These are complex cases involving individuals considered by Iran to be their own citizens, and I do not wish to raise false hopes. But my meetings in Tehran were worthwhile," they said. "It is too early to be confident about the outcome."
Johnson said they raised with Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif "the official harassment of journalists working for BBC Persian and their families inside Iran."
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge and Alistair Smout, editing by Andrew MacAskill)
NEW YORK: Three women who claim they were sexually harassed by Donald Trump called on Congress on Monday (Dec 11) to investigate the US president's behaviour and allegations of their misconduct.
The White House has repeatedly rejected the allegations by the women, who first came forward with claims of harassment during last year's presidential race.
In recent months countless women have broken their silence about the abuse they have allegedly suffered at the hands of powerful men in the worlds of entertainment, the media, business and politics.
With a cultural shift empowering women to overcome their fear and speak out, and with three US lawmakers announcing their resignations from Congress last week over sexual harassment allegations, some of Trump's accusers are publicly repeating their stories and demanding accountability.
"We are private citizens, and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, and for them to say, 'Nah, we don't care' - it hurt," Samantha Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant, told NBC.
But today "the environment's different," they said. "Let's try again."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sixteen women overall reportedly have come forward with accusations of misconduct by Trump.
Three of them appeared on NBC, then held a press event in New York to demand action from Congress and recount details of Trump's alleged abuse against them more than a year after they first came forward.
Rachel Crooks, who says the real estate magnate forcibly kissed them on the mouth after they introduced themselves to them at Trump Tower where they worked in 2005, urged lawmakers to "put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr Trump's history of sexual misconduct."
"I want to believe that as Americans we can put aside our political inclinations and admit that some things in fact do transcend politics," they told the event, where they and Holvey appeared alongside fellow accuser Jessica Leeds.
'VERY GROSS'
Leeds said the accusations surfacing in the wake of the allegations against disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein were evidence that some sexual predators were now being held accountable.
"But we are not holding our president accountable for what they are and who they are," they said.
Crooks voiced hope "that we will hold Mr Trump to the same standard of Harvey Weinstein and the other men who were held accountable for their reprehensible behaviour."
Leeds says they were groped and forcibly kissed by Trump on a commercial flight decades ago, while Holvey alleges Trump behaved inappropriately when they were a contestant in their Miss USA pageant in 2006, by coming backstage as they and others were in states of undress.
Holvey said they felt like they "was just simply there for their pleasure. It left me feeling very gross, very dirty."
The White House swiftly dismissed as "false" the claims by the three women.
"These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory," a White House spokesperson said.
"The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them."
Crooks called the White House denials "laughable."
In an apparent divergence from the White House line, US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday that any women claiming to be victims of sexual harassment - including those implicating Trump - "should be heard."
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef they recruited from the country club they own in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at their rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing them of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told them fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at their Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges they were fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. They say Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles (2331 sq. km) on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles (80 km) west of the Utah line.
Among other things, they say Pickens, who is white, instructed them to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one they referred to as their “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” They say they told them they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff they wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of their comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. They dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' non-profit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, they said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.”'
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before they hired them for a five-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,”' Williams said in court documents. They added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that they ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,”' they wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect their work environment,” the judge said.
MOGADISHU: A suicide car bomb exploded at a checkpoint outside the main African peacekeepers (AMISOM) base in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Monday, police said.
"A suicide car bomb rammed into the checkpoint outside the AMISOM base," Abdikadir Hussein, a police officer, told Reuters.
"There are Somali security forces at the checkpoint and it is too early to know the number of casualties."
A Reuters photographer at the scene saw the burnt-out shell of the bomber's car and another vehicle nearby on fire.
(Reporting by Abdi Sheikh and Feisal Omar; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Louise Ireland)
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
SIX barangays under the Cebu City Police Station 6 plan to implement curfew.
Barangays Calamba, San Nicolas Proper, Pahina San Nicolas, Sawang Calero, Pasil and Suba are set to seek approval for their plans to set a new curfew system.
Senior Supt. Joel Doria, director of CCPO, said the implementation of the curfew can be a way to prevent children from roaming around at night.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Mababawasan din ang criminality sa area (It will lessen the criminality in the area),” says Doria.
Aside from the six barangays, Barangay Duljo-Fatima, which is under Mambaling Police Station, will also implement the curfew.
WASHINGTON: Defence Secretary Jim Mattis suggested on Monday (Aug 14) that President Donald Trump's announcement that they were banning transgender people from serving in the US military may not be a done deal.
In a series of tweets, Trump last month upended an Obama-era policy of more than a year that allowed transgender troops to serve openly.
But in the weeks since Trump's Jul 26 tweets, the White House has still not issued formal guidance to the Pentagon explaining how a ban on transgender personnel would work, or what would happen to those transgender troops who have already come out.
Mattis said they had "no doubt" that the White House would be providing additional guidance, and said the Pentagon is giving military input as it studies the issue.
"The policy is going to address whether or not transgenders can serve under what conditions, what medical support they require, how much time would they be perhaps non-deployable, leaving others to pick up their share of everything," Mattis told Pentagon reporters.
"There's a host of issues ... it's obviously very complex."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The current Obama-era policy remains in place for now. When pushed on whether the Pentagon will still employ transgender troops, Mattis said: "We are going to study the issue."
They added that the Pentagon had received no White House directions that would "indicate any harm to anybody right now."
In a lawsuit filed in federal court last week, five transgender women from the Air Force, Coast Guard and the Army said they faced uncertainty about their futures, including whether they would be fired or lose post-military and retirement benefits.
The number of transgender troops among America's 1.3 million active duty service members is small, with estimates topping out at 15,000.
Trump's tweeted announcement came with little apparent coordination with the Pentagon and landed while Mattis was on vacation.
Several senior military officials have voiced unease over the policy shift, with the head of the Coast Guard saying they would not "break faith" with transgender personnel.
Trump last week said they did the Pentagon a "great favour" by banning transgender troops, saying the issue had been "complicated" and "confusing" for the military.
The Star Wars universe is getting bigger and bigger these days, with last month bringing the new theatrical spin-off Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. With success often comes parody, and the Star Wars franchise is no different, as a new animated short debuted that has to be seen to be believed. The short is entitled Star Wars Babies, which not only shows what some iconic characters may have looked like as babies, but also what the controversial "midichlorians" may have looked like as actual characters.
This two-minute animated short comes from YouTube user "cheeksdown," who admits in the video's description that, "Disney is doing great so far with Star Wars ... let's hope they don't screw this up." The theme song is an obvious parody of the Muppet Babies animated series from the 1980s, and we see characters like Princess Leia walking their dog, Han Solo being continually squirted with a water pistol by Greedo, who clearly shoots first, the Ewok Wicket playing a game of "ding dong ditch" and Chewbacca and Boba Fett kicking BB-8 around like a soccer ball. The brief "story" begins when Jar Jar Binks asks if they can play soccer with Chewbacca and Boba Fett, and they don't exactly have the nicest reaction.
First, Boba Fett kicks BB-8 right into Jar Jar Binks' private region, before an enraged Chewbacca throws them down a well. The midichlorians are forced to tell the Jedi, as they somehow enter the body of Jedi leader Yoda, asking their midichlorians to help Jar Jar Binks. Unfortunately, they have no interest in helping that, "inbred dap," and they just plan to let them die because they have problems of their own. These problems deal with Yoda's adult behavior, which shows the Jedi master in quite a new, and naughty way.
The end of the theme song shows Princess Leia's seemingly meek Tauntaun the head off a baby Tampa, while Han Solo turns the tables on Greedo, Wicket learns there was a gruesome trap waiting for them after ding dong ditch, and Darth Vader loses their red balloon. Be sure to watch all the way until the end for a hilarious yet brief scene after the end credits. While this animated short most certainly is not for any of the young Star Wars fans out there, the adults who grew up with the franchise may certainly see the humor in this short.
While this Star Wars animated short most certainly isn't part of the Star Wars canon, there are most definitely enough characters in the Star Wars universe that could be used if more of these shorts are produced. Disney and LucasFilm currently have the Star Wars spin-off Rogue One: A Star Wars Story in theaters, with the highly-anticipated Star Wars: Episode VIII debuting in theaters December 15. While we wait for more on this galaxy far, far away, take a look at this Star Wars Babies animated short film, to start your week off on a humorous note.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — A three-judge panel of the state Superior Court on Tuesday rejected the appeal of a Nanticoke man serving time in prison on vehicular homicide charges.
James Novis, 41, is serving seven to 14 years in state prison after pleading guilty in November 2015 to charges related to the crash that killed Cherri L. Hummel.
Prosecutors say Novis was driving drunk on May 4, 2013, when they ran off state Route 29 in Lehman Township, vaulted over an embankment and crashed into another embankment 45 feet away. Novis' blood-alcohol level was between .12 and .126 percent within two hours of the crash, and evidence showed they had been driving at 83 mph in a 50 mph zone before losing control of the car, according to prosecutors.
Novis appealed the sentence imposed by Luzerne County Judge Tina Polachek Gartley on grounds they failed to consider their remorse.
The judges Tuesday found Novis' claims “lack merit” and that Gartley imposed an appropriate sentence.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
The MG brand is poised to return to its sports car roots with a production model based on the electric E-Motion concept that was revealed today ahead of the Shanghai auto show. Product boss Zhang Liang confirmed at MG's Shanghai research and development center that the automaker will put the concept into production if response at the auto show is positive, reports Autocar.
The sleek-looking E-Motion concept is an EV coupe with dihedral doors and the closest thing we've seen to an MG sports car in some time. MG, now owned by Chinese automaker SAIC, was once known for such British sports car classics as the MG T series, MGA, MGB, Midget, and MGF, but more recently has focused on small cars and crossovers. The E-Motion concept utilizes an in-house-developed electric drivetrain that MG claims can scoot the coupe to 62 mph in less than 4 seconds and achieve a range of more than 310 miles.
Though the E-Motion looks sharp, it's difficult to ignore some similarities to a few existing cars. The front end reminds us of a Mazda, and from the A-pillar back the car looks like an Aston Martin or Jaguar F-Type coupe, depending on the angle. Despite a few derivative styling cues, the E-Motion sports some unique features. The concept seats four in front and rear individual bucket seats with a center console and infotainment touchscreen for each row. The headlamps are partially covered by a retractable panel that raises to reveal more lighting.
Few other details on the MG E-Motion concept are available at press time. Even if it's built, it likely will never come to the U.S., though it could go on sale in the U.K.
What do you think of the E-Motion concept? Should MG build it?
Source: MG, Autocar
In today's fantasy-obsessed football world, it's easy to overlook the contributions of one position group: offensive line. Well, NFL Network analyst and former Pro Bowl center Shaun O'Hara is here to fix that. After carefully tracking the best offensive lines in the NFL all season, O'Hara is revisiting the O-line performance of the group that won the Built Ford Tough Offensive Line of the Year Award: the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Philadelphia Eagles are hoping to topple the Patriots in Super Bowl LII on Sunday and finally bring home the Lombardi Trophy -- something that has escaped the city of Brotherly Love. If they are able to pull it off, it will be in large part because of the play of their offensive line, and the depth that allowed the unit to overcome the loss of an All-Pro-caliber left tackle in Week 7. Their ability to deal with that huge injury -- plus a season-ending injury to starting quarterback Carson Wentz, who was an MVP candidate when they went down -- along with their multi-dimensional rushing attack put the Eagles' athleticism on display all season. Being a versatile group in the run game and consistently shutting out some of the best pass rushers is why the Eagles are this year's Built Ford Tough Offensive Line of the Year.
The Eagles won the Offensive Line of the Week award four times during the regular season, more than any other group. (Only three other teams -- Dallas, New Orleans and Pittsburgh -- were repeat winners this season.) Remarkably, Philly's four winning weeks featured matchups against some of the toughest defenses and most dangerous pass rushers in the NFL. In Week 4, the Eagles traveled to Los Angeles to take on the Chargers and racked up 214 rushing yards while pitching a shutout against Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram, as the line allowed zero sacks and one QB hit to the dynamic duo, according to Pro Football Focus. The domination was on full display as they closed the game out with a 13-play drive that drained the nearly 7 minutes remaining on the clock, and the Eagles never had to put their defense back on the field. The drive was highlighted by eight combined runs by Corey Clement, Wendell Smallwood and closer LeGarrette Blount.
The following week, the Eagles blasted the Arizona Cardinals by hitting pay dirt on their first three possessions and nearly shutting out the Cardinals' pass rush despite losing Lane Johnson for the second half. In Week 9, the Eagles throttled the Denver Broncos, rushing for 197 yards, while the starting five offensive linemen did not give up a single sack or QB hit to Von Miller and Co. And in Week 11 against division-rival Dallas, the Eagles racked up 215 rushing yards and didn't allow a single sack despite facing the NFL's sack leader at the time, DeMarcus Lawrence.
On a grander scale, this unit helped the offense finish third in scoring, third in rushing, fifth in plays of at least 20 yards and first in red-zone offense. Interestingly, the rushing attack was just as explosive as the Eagles' passing game, yet it doesn't seem to get the same amount of credit. Jay Ajayi and LeGarrette Blount were a great one-two punch and a major factor in Philadelphia leading the league in runs of at least 10 yards (56).
This group is the most versatile and athletic, so it's time we give its members some individual love:
Halapoulivaati Vaitai (LT) was given a huge task in Week 7 when nine-time Pro Bowler Jason Peters went down with an injury. Before they were injured, Peters only allowed one sack and no QB hits in 423 snaps. Although Vaitai struggled early on, he's played well since Week 16, having not allowed a single sack in their last four games (including playoffs).
Stefen Wisniewski (LG) became a full-time starter in Week 3 and was fantastic on screens and out in space against linebackers. The second-year Eagle allowed just one sack and they committed one penalty, and did a great job solidifying the left guard spot. They and Kelce have also been fantastic with combo blocks, one of the many reasons for Philly's success in the run game.
Jason Kelce (C) had one of their best seasons and was rewarded by earning All-Pro honors for the first time. Along with it, they were named the highest-graded run-blocker of any lineman in the league by PFF. Kelce led the Eagles in snaps played (1,208) this season and only gave up two sacks. One of Kelce's best attributes is their ability to reach the second level, as well as in screens and blocking in space.
Brandon Brooks (RG) was named to this year's Pro Bowl after a dominant performance in 2017. They kept defenders from getting to their quarterbacks regularly and became the fourth guard in the last 10 years to not allow a single sack in a season. He's become a premier right guard.
Lane Johnson's (RT) athleticism allows them to be one of the best pass blockers in the league. They were labeled by PFF as the fifth-best pass-blocking tackle in the regular season after allowing just three sacks and four hits. Johnson has become one of the most dominant lockdown right tackles, teaming with Brooks to make the right side this unit's strength, with Peters sidelined. That enables the offense to give help in other areas.
Follow Shaun O'Hara on Twitter @ShaunOHara60.
LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar reversed earlier falls against the euro on Friday as traders took some profits ahead of U.S. non-farm payroll numbers, although its rise did little to improve a difficult week in which rising U.S. Treasury yields failed to help.
The euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening have made the single currency more attractive for investors, while strong global growth around the world has encouraged investors to move cash out of the dollar.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries US10YT=RR rose to near their four-year high, with economic growth and buoyant oil prices driving up inflation expectations and central banks starting to sound more hawkish.
Rising Treasury yields are traditionally associated with a stronger dollar. But Nordea Markets currency strategist Niels Christensen said that “bond investors are selling out of U.S. Treasuries and at the same time liquidating out of their long U.S. dollar positions”.
Still, with some euro profit-taking ahead of the non-farm numbers due later on Friday, the dollar recovered marginally. Against a basket .DXY of currencies, the greenback rose 0.2 percent. Against the euro, it gained 0.2 percent on the day to $1.2490 EUR=, but that still left the single currency within sight of last week's three-year high of $1.2538.
A survey released on Thursday showed that euro zone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering the view that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro has also benefited from ECB President Mario Draghi's reluctance to talk down the currency, giving bulls the green light to push the euro higher.
Many strategists say the dollar's sensitivity to domestic news currently looks weak - ING analysts called it “limited and short-lived” - as investors focus on monetary policy re-pricing opportunities elsewhere.
“Today's U.S. labour market report poses only temporary downside risk to the cross,” ING said in a note.
Elsewhere, the dollar added to recent gains against the Japanese yen, helping it move away from a four-month low of 108.28 hit a week ago. The dollar rose 0.4 percent on the day to 109.865 JPY=.
The greenback was also up 0.3 percent against sterling at GBP= $1.4224, although the pound remains on its best run since 2012.
The Chinese yuan continued its recent rise against the dollar, notching up a high of 6.2773, a 2 1/2-year high. The yuan is up 0.8 percent for the week CNH=D3 and was last trading at these levels in August 2015.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
A condo building in the city's southeast was heavily damaged in a fire on Wednesday morning and about 200 people have now been displaced.
Emergency crews were called to a condo complex in the 1400 block of 17 Street S.E. at about 1:30 a.m. for reports of a fire on a fourth floor balcony.
Crews from across the city were called to fight the four-alarm blaze and keep it from spreading to adjacent structures.
“It's pretty uncommon. There was a large volume of flame from the roof of this building,” said Steve Dongworth, Chief, Calgary Fire Department. “We had the first crew on scene within about six minutes. Very large volume of fire, the first crew on scene called a second alarm immediately and pretty soon after that it escalated to third and fourth alarm, which is a lot of resources.”
About 200 people were evacuated from the building while crews worked to contain the blaze.
“Very threatening to the adjoining building. There's actually two buildings here that are adjacent and the crews did a fantastic job knocking down the fire in the first building and preventing it from spreading,” said Dongworth. “Each of these buildings has 64 units so both of those buildings were evacuated so we kind of evacuated 128 units between the two buildings.”
Evan Slade lives in the building where the fire started and says they were alerted to the fire by neighbours.
“Someone was banging on our door so we opened it up and the minute the door opened the smoke started piling into our condo and then we walked out in the hall and ran down the hall and came outside,” they said.
Officials say six suites were damaged by fire and several others sustained smoke and water damage.
Isaac Smith lives on the fourth floor and says fire crews arrived on scene within minutes.
“I heard someone knocking at the door saying, ‘hey, there's a real fire down the hall' so I jumped up and knocked on my roommates door and grabbed my dog and left,” they said. “When I got out here, they were already here so they were here faster than I was outside.”
“it's amazing the work the crews have done here but that's the advantage of bringing a heavy weight of resources to the scene and knocking it down pretty quickly with aerial resources, we did an interior attack initially and that combined into a really successful event,” said Dongworth.
Utilities to both buildings have been shut off and a reception centre has been set up for evacuees at the Max Bell Arena.
The Red Cross is helping to support those residents and people with pets are being assisted by Calgary Community Standards staff.
No injuries were reported and crews are holding the scene to monitor for hot spots.
A fire investigator is working to determine a cause.
Centurion: Ajinkya Rahane's batting position in the ODI side has been a topic of debate but the Mumbai batsman made it clear that their preferred slot will be numbed four after a well-made 79 in India's six-wicket win against South Africa in the first ODI.
Prior to this series, Rahane was being dubbed as the reserve opener as team management experimented with a number of batsmen at that position but things have changed after their half-century in the opening game coming at number four.
KL Rahul, Shreyas Iyer, Hardik Pandya, Manish Pandey, Kedar Jadhav and Dinesh Karthik have all been tried at that position with mixed results.
Asked if they are more comfortable at number four, Rahane said:"I am better equipped for batting at number four, I am more matured now. I know how to build my innings at number four," Rahane said ahead of the second ODI.
"Batting at number four is different. The confidence came from last Test win at Johannesburg, where I scored 48 runs. But I was actually determined to do well at that slot because I have batted at that position during the 2015 World Cup (in Australia and New Zealand)," Rahane added.
About their innings during first ODI, Rahane seemed satisfied as a target of 270 seemed par-score.
"We knew that it (270) was a par score on that wicket. Our bowlers did a really good job. Personally, I really enjoyed batting at that particular position and I am looking forward to doing even better," they added.
When asked about the challenges of batting two-down as they were primarily perceived as an opener, Rahane replied: "It's all about how you think, especially when you bat at No 3 and 4, it's all about how you think. My mindset was just to take my time initially and then later on back my instincts.
The pace and bounce on South African wickets suit their batting style, said Rahane.
"I am naturally an attacking batsman and these wickets suit me a lot. There is good pace and bounce. So these wickets suit me a lot.
"So my plan was to take my time initially and if I get set, then carry on my innings."
Challenging the surfaces with quality pace attack is something that Rahane always enjoys facing and it's no different.
"I enjoy playing against every opponent but I think teams like South Africa, Australia and New Zealand, they have very good attacks in world cricket and I enjoy facing fast bowlers.
"I enjoy facing challenges, and when you play in South Africa against this sort of attack you know that you are up for the challenge. We don't take them lightly. As I mentioned, I just wanted to take my time but I enjoyed facing this challenge," they said.
The soft-spoken Mumbaikar said that their mind was completely blank before the start of the series.
"I was completely blank. I wasn't thinking about any result. Ahead of this (series), I didn't know what was going to happen. I was just thinking about what would be my role in the series. I just wanted to keep contributing towards the win. Right now, the team management told me to bat at No 4 position. So I just want to give my best shot," they added.
The International Triathlon Union has mixed up the Brownlee brothers by sending a letter of congratulations to Jonny following Alistair's win in Leeds at the weekend.
The youngest of the Brownlee brothers shared the letter on social media, simply writing "#awkward".
The letter, signed by ITU president Marisol Casado, is clearly addressed to 'Jonathan Brownlee' and says it is to "congratulate you on your recent victory at Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon in Leeds".
But it was elder brother Alistair who led the Dewsbury-born brothers home in a one-two finish, a repeat of the inaugural staging of the race a year earlier.
Alistair, 29, finished in a time of one hour, 46 minutes and 51 seconds, 12 seconds ahead of the 27-year-old Jonny, with the pair more than a minute clear of the rest of the field.
Alistair has a long history of getting the better of their younger brother in competition, and took gold to Jonny's silver in last year's Olympics in Rio.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has taken the bait and is once again talking electoral reform. They campaigned on it, then they abandoned it and now he's talking about how it can be revived.
During an interview with the CBC, Trudeau offered a rather complicated rationale for their flip-flopping and national broadcaster concluded “he has no plans to resurrect the Liberal campaign promise of electoral reform unless the other political parties agree to a system other than proportional representation.”
OK then. Good luck with that.
That said, we won't fault Trudeau too much on this. They made the right call. “Nobody supporting proportional representation was able to convince me it would be good for Canada,” they told the CBC. “I came to very clearly believe that a form of proportional representation would be harmful to Canada.”
We agree. Although we also suspect Trudeau's decision had more to do with the national turmoil change would create, and the impact on their own political prospects.
There's a bigger story at play here though: the art of political promise making. We get that the facts on the ground can change and that some promises need to be broken. This wasn't one of them though.
Trudeau wooed many progressives over to their side with the pledge of electoral. No wonder a majority of Canadians have major trust issues with their elected officials.
“Almost two-thirds say they don't trust promises made before an election,” reads a release by Forum Research detailing a poll they conduct on trust issues.
While over 80% of Canadians say they follow politics, only 3% say they have much trust in the promises politicians make.
This cautiousness is healthy. It's also wise, given how many times voters have been lied to over the years by politicians at all levels and from all parties. Most importantly though, it's discouraging. It shouldn't be this way.
Trudeau campaigned on doing politics different. They spoke of “real change.” Many decent Canadians were attracted to this message and took them up on it.
Yet their style has already gone stale. The non-partisan Trudeau Meter website says the Liberals, halfway through their term, have only fulfilled 29% of their promises and already broken 18% of them. The rest is TBD.
No wonder voters have trust issues.
The ape-movie crossover that you never knew you needed is on the way. Boom! Studios are going to be unleashing a brand new, six-issue comic book miniseries that will bring together the King Kong and Planet of the Apes franchises in a crossover that is appropriately titled Kong on the Planet of the Apes. The series is set to release its first issue this November.
Kong on the Planet of the Apes is written by Ryan Ferrier with art by Carlos Magno. Empire recently debuted some details on the series, which will take place in the continuity of the original 1968 Planet of the Apes movie, as opposed to the more recent reboot of the franchise. Empire spoke with Ferrier about the series, who explained what we can expect in terms of story. Here's what they had to say about it.
"The short of it is that Skull Island still exists in the future, and shortly after the events of the first Apes film, a Kong body is discovered in the Forbidden Zone. From there, Dr. Zaius leads an expedition to the island to uncover the truth about the giant ape. What I'm most excited about is exploring the different goals, for better or worse, of our classic Apes characters (Dr. Zaius, Cornelius, Zira, and Ursus), and how those goals complement or conflict with their beliefs, both with their faith and science. There are a lot of meaningful themes at play, with very different characters, which is the best kind of challenge to have when making a comic with such celebrated properties."
Even though it may seem a bit peculiar on the surface, there is no reason that Skull Island couldn't exist in the continuity of the Planet of the Apes movies. So this crossover actually makes a bit of sense, as far as sci-fi comic books are concerned. Boom! Studio has also handled comic book adaptations of both properties for some time, with the publisher recently wrapping up a 12-issue Kong of Skull Island series. They have also had other Planet of the Apes crossovers, such as ones with Star Trek, Green Lantern and Tarzan in the past. Ryan Ferrier also talked a little bit about what makes this crossover worthwhile for them on a personal level.
"There's such a deep mythology to both properties, especially if you take into account all of the amazing Kong and Apes comics that have come out in recent years. With this series, we've found a really coherent, meaningful way of having these two worlds and their legacies fold into each other. The implications of the Ape civilization discovering the Kong world are huge, and that's certainly on the forefront of the series."
As far as timing goes, Boom! Studios couldn't be more spot on. Kong: Skull Island crushed it at the box office this year, which helped bring the legendary ape back into the public consciousness. Plus, War for the Planet of the Apes just wrapped up an epic trilogy arc for the rebooted Planet of the Apes series, so both franchise are very current. In addition to the story information, Empire also revealed the first cover for Kong on the Planet of the Apes, which was done by Mike Huddleston. Be on the lookout for the series this November and be sure to check out the first cover for yourself below.
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Elaborate security arrangements
have been made for Judicial Academy where Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif has arrived to appear before Joint Investigation Team.
District Commissioner Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT)
Mustaq Ahmed is personally monitoring the security arrangements.
Road from Federal Board has been closed for traffic
while media persons can access the Academy from Al-Shifa
International Hospital side.
Around 300 to 400 security officials are performing
duty in the vicinity of Judicial Academy including personnel
of Special Branch and Rangers.
Citizen have been advised to opt for alternative routes
including Sahibzada Abdul Qayyum Road, Beacon House School
Road, Mir Zafarullah Jamali Road.
You can boot your Mac in different modes or reset different parameters with keyboard shortcuts.
Sometimes your Mac isn't running properly, so you need to reset the NVRAM and PRAM. Sometimes you need to boot in Recovery Mode in order to reinstall an OS or recover your hard drive via the internet. Whatever your needs, you can boot your Mac in a variety of modes in order to complete a task before startup; all you need to do is press some keys down and wait for the chime (unless you have a later MacBook Pro, in which case I'm sorry).
Here are all the keyboard shortcuts you can use when starting up your Mac!
Safe mode: shift
Safe mode is a way of starting up your Mac that makes sure it performs certain checks and prevents certain software from loading or opening automatically. Here's what it does according to Apple:
Verifies startup disk and tries to repair directory issues if needed
Loads only required kernel extensions
Prevents Startup Items and Login items from opening automatically
Disables user-installed fonts
Delete font caches, kernel cache, and other system cache files
How to start in Safe Mode
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold shift on your keyboard. Release the shift key when you see the login window.
You can leave safe mode by restarting your Mac without pressing any keys during startup.
Startup Manager: option (alt)
The Startup Manager lets you choose a different startup disk during boot. So if you have your Mac partitioned in order to run Windows or a macOS beta, for example, you can choose that startup disk instead of the default disk.
How to start the Startup Manager
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold the option key on your keyboard. Release the option key when you see the Startup Manager window. Select a startup disk. Click the arrow or press return on your keyboard.
Start up from an available external disk: C
You can start up your Mac from an available CD, DVD, or USB drive that contains a valid operating system for your Mac (you can also just use Startup Manager.
How to start up from an available external disk
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold the C key on your keyboard. Release the C key when you see the Startup Manager window. Select a startup disk. Click the arrow or press return on your keyboard.
Start up from Apple Hardware Test or Apple Diagnostics: D
If there are issues with your Mac that you think may be related to the hardware, you can run the Apple Hardware Test. You can run Apple Diagnostics once you think you've isolated the issue to a possible hardware issue.
How to start up from the Apple Hardware Test or Apple Diagnostics
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold the D key on your keyboard. Release the D key when you see the choices appear. Select Apple Hardware Test or Apple Diagnostics.
You can also hold option-D to start up from either utility over the internet.
Start up from a NetBoot server: N
Booting from a NetBoot server allows you to boot from a network, rather than a local hard disk or optical disk drive. Your Mac must have capable firmware in order to boot from a network.
How to start up from a NetBoot server
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold the N key on your keyboard. Release the N key when you see the choices appear. Select a network.
Reset the NVRAM and PRAM: option-command-P-R
Sometimes certain processes on your Mac just don't work. It can be any random issue from iCloud not allowing you to sign in, to certain apps just not opening. One of the first fixes you'll find on any forum is resetting the NVRAM (nonvolatile random-access memory). This is a small amount of memory that your Mac uses to store settings that it wants to access quickly.
If you're having an inexplicable issue with your Mac, this is a good place to start.
How to reset the NVRAM and PRAM on your Mac
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold command-option-P-R on your keyboard. You'll probably have to use both hands. Release the keys after about 20 seconds. If you have a Mac that plays a startup chime, you can release the keys after you heard it a second time.
You may have to go back into System Preferences and adjust settings like volume and display resolution to your liking, since they get reset when you reset the NVRAM.
Boot in Recovery Mode: command-R
Sometimes, as a last-ditch effort, you need to boot in Recovery Mode and either repair a disk or (NOOOOO!) reinstall macOS. You may also need to restore from a Time Machine backup. If any of that is the case, then here's what to do:
How to boot up your Mac in Recovery Mode
Start up or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold command-R on your keyboard. Release the keys when you see the Apple logo or a spinning globe. Click an option. Click Continue.
Start up in single-user mode: command-S
If you're comfortable with UNIX, sometimes you may want to boot your Mac in single-user mode, which lets you try and isolate startup-related issues. You'll want to be an advanced user if you're considering this move.
How to boot up in single-user mode
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold command-S on your keyboard. Release the keys when you see white text on the screen.
Start up in target disk mode: T
Target disk files allows you to share files between two Macs that are connected via FireWire, Thunderbolt 2, USB-C, or Thunderbolt 3. One Mac basically shows up as an external disk on the other Mac, so you can browse and copy files over like you would from a hard drive.
How to start up in target disk mode
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold T on your keyboard. Release T after about 20 seconds.
After your Mac starts in target disk mode, you'll see it as a desktop icon on the other Mac. You can treat it just like an external hard drive and drag it to the trash when you want to "eject" it.
Start up from the macOS startup disk when other disks are available: X
If your Mac would normally start up from a non-macOS startup disk, like a Windows partition, then you can hit X to start from the macOS startup disk. (You can also do this in Startup Manager.)
How to start up from the macOS startup disk when your Mac would otherwise start from a non-macOS startup disk
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold X on your keyboard. Release when you see the Apple logo.
Start up in verbose mode: command-V
Verbose mode is another startup mode for advanced users, which allows you to enter UNIX commands in order to try and isolate startup-related issues.
How to start up in verbose mode
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold command-V on your keyboard. Release the keys when you see the white text on the screen.
Eject removable media on startup: ⏏, F12, mouse button, or trackpad button
If you don't want an external hard drive to mount on startup or you simply want your CD or flash drive out as quickly as possible when you turn on your Mac, you can eject it right on startup.
How to eject removable media on startup
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold the eject button (⏏), F12, your mouse button, or your trackpad button. Press and hold one of these. Release when your removable media is ejected.
Reset the SMC in MacBooks: shift-control-option
The SMC (system management controller) is a system that controls the hardware in your MacBook that the main part of your system isn't responsible for. These include things like cooling fan speeds, power, display management, port illumination, and more. There are many things you should try before resetting the SMC, but if you're at the end of your rope, then reset it.
How to reset the SMC in your MacBook
Start or restart your Mac and immediately press and hold shift-control-option on the left side of your keyboard and then press and hold the power button at the same time. Hold the three keys and the power button for 10 seconds. Release all the keys. Press the power button to turn your MacBook on.
Questions or tips?
Got any questions or other startup keyboard shortcuts to add? Sounds off in the comments below!
Jump to a Region
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Why Corruption Will Not End In Kenya, An Impediment To Our National Aspirations:
1. From the time we enter Class 1, our teachers inculcate on us the importance of good grades, and not necessarily the process …. We are never taught that hard & honest work pays …
2. From young age, we are taught to be negative tribalists … You can say what you want, but all Kenyans are negative tribalists … the argument that the youth are not tribal is Fake News … Negative tribalists will look out to vote in their own to office without regard to policy or integrity.
3. We pretend to be a Capitalist State, but we aren't … Kenya is a primitive Hunters & Gatherers Society …. We never ask how people have made their wealth … Every person must account for every shilling they own …
4. Constitutional offices that are meant to be independent aren't …. When Constitutional bodies are more excited like teenagers to please the Government rather than serve public good, then we are screwed!
5. In public & private offices, employment & promotion is based near solely on tribe, and not merit ….
6. In our daily lives, we are corrupt … motorists even with children on board jump traffic lights and traffic jams; Hotel waiters always bring bills that are incomplete and say they forgot to add the drink and thus steal from the employer; even in Petrol Stations, when you wash your car, the attendant tells you to pay the Manager for plain car wash but that you pay them for shampooing!
7. The President must lead by example … It is not what they say that count, but what they do … A President must never benefit from public office and their family must not …
No country has developed where corruption exists … no matter what Goverment propaganda says … Europe, Singapore, Hong Kong, Israel, etc don't allow corruption of any kind … They have no natural resources but are advanced economies …
Corrupt countries even though endowed with natural resources can't go anywhere, like Nigeria, Angola, DR. Congo etc … In Africa, only South Africa ( bec its Institutions work), Ethiopia & Rwanda will Succeed ….
Kenya can still decide what it wants ….
Nuke-happy North Korean tyrant Kim Jong-un might be the way they are because they suffer from 'roid rage, doctors say.
There's widespread speculation “in the medical community that they have gout, and one of the treatments for gout is steroids,” Dr. Rock Positano of the Hospital for Special Surgery told me. “This fellow could be manifesting 'roid rage.”
Known as the disease of epicureans and kings because it is caused by a rich diet, gout is a buildup of uric acid in joints, particularly the feet, which causes acute pain “like a knife going through your toe,” Positano said.
Benjamin Franklin, Napoleon, da Vinci and Henry VIII all had gout in the pre-steroid era.
None had their half-brother assassinated with poison, or put their uncle in front of a firing squad, or had opponents executed with a flamethrower.
“There are so many world leaders who have suffered over the centuries, and it's changed history,” Positano said. “Who knows what's making this guy tick?”
Tacoma, WA – RV dealers locally and nationally are enjoying record sales. With double digit growth posted in 2017, RV manufacturers and dealers have met the market with a variety of models that match exactly what people are looking for in towable RV's and motorhomes. The results have been unprecedented for the RV industry, sales are brisk and growing.
Paul Monson of Baydo's RV Center commented on the biggest change he's seeing in their customer-base, “ We're seeing more and more millennials as new customers over the past couple of years. Many of them grew up camping with their parents or grandparents and want to continue enjoying their time outdoors in an RV. From the rainforest to the beach to the mountains there's an incredible diversity of opportunity to experience in Western Washington. Millennials have embraced those opportunities and are buying RV's of all sizes, descriptions and layouts.”
But Millennials are just part of the story, “We're seeing all ages at our dealerships, especially baby boomers”, observed Kevin Baker of Apache Camping Centers. “The RV lifestyle, whether it's a camper, trailer or RV, aligns perfectly with where people want to spend their time these days.”
“It really doesn't matter the age, people are doing the math and owning an RV makes sound financial sense when compared to other vacation-related expenditures they could make for much shorter getaways”, Baker continued.
It's true. Once considered a luxury item, RV's, whether they're a camper or a motorhome, provide a level of freedom to roam and experience an enormous spectrum of travel opportunities quickly, affordably and easily, making them a practical purchase rather than an extravagance. Recent statistics reflect the uptick in popularity with more than 43,000 towable RV's sold and delivered nationwide in October 2017, a 27% increase over previous year's sales.
Tacoma area dealers broadly agree, now is the time to buy. “Supply has been an issue. We're selling, like most area dealers, everything we can get our hands on”, commented Chuck Joss of Valley RV Supercenter, “Inventory and selection is good right now but that will change by spring as demand outpaces supply.”
The 35th Tacoma RV Show opens Thursday, January 18th and runs through Sunday, the 21st. On-site financing is available through Boeing Employee Credit Union (BECU), the show's presenting sponsor. Admission is $12. There's a $2 discount coupon and complete show details online at http://www.otshows.com. Present any military ID at the door and admission is $6.
The Tacoma RV Show will be housed in the Tacoma Dome with hundreds of units, over a dozen local dealers and 165 brands on-site. This is the biggest RV sale of the season with several “show-only” discounts and offers available. Campers, Pop-Up Campers, Folding Tent Trailers, Travel Trailers, Fifth Wheels and Class A, Class B and Class C Motorhomes will all be on display.
Show hours: Thursday – Saturday: 11AM – 8PM and Sunday 11AM – 5PM. Parking is free.
More information on the Tacoma RV Show here
NEW YORK: Four people were injured on Monday (Dec 11) in the blast that rocked a subway station in the heart of Manhattan, in what the city's mayor said was an "attempted terrorist attack."
The blast - which took place in the station at the Port Authority bus terminal, not far from New York's iconic Times Square - sparked commuter panic and travel disruptions.
A man suspected of being behind the blast was in custody, and suffered injuries, police said. None of the other injuries were life-threatening.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
"This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom," New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told reporters.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio added. "Thank god the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The bus terminal was temporarily closed, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a Twitter statement.
The police also advised members of the public to avoid the area.
Map of Manhattan locating Monday's explosion.
​​​​​​​New York police commissioner James O'Neill said the 27-year-old suspect had strapped the explosive device to their body. They suffered burns to the hands and abdomen, and other injuries.
Photos were circulating on social media of the man on the ground with their hands cuffed behind their mask and injuries to their torso.
Former New York police chief Bill Bratton told MSNBC television that they had been told the suspect was originally from Bangladesh and may have been acting in the name of the Islamic State group.
Police quickly evacuated the Port Authority station and closed roads in the area, which were filled with police cars and ambulances with flashing lights.
The blast occurred at the peak of the morning rush hour, shortly before 8am (1300 GMT), when large numbers of people were headed to work.
“There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
President Donald Trump was briefed on the explosion, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders wrote on Twitter.
Times Square right now..... pic.twitter.com/AhnyXwXyNe — Morgan Anthony (@Morgan19Anthony) December 11, 2017
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when they set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
New York is on high alert ahead of the holidays, which culminate every year with the giant New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square, attended by hundreds of thousands of revellers.
"We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbour, and that makes us an international target. We understand that," Cuomo said.
Hartlepool United's most famous fan, Jeff Stelling, lost their cool on Easter Monday as their team slumped to a 2-1 defeat against Leyton Orient.
Stelling, who anchors Sky Sports' live football coverage, ranted and raved all game about the performance of the players as they went down against the league's bottom team, who played a host of teenagers.
They slammed the recent team selection by Dave Jones, including questioning whether Scott Harrison or Matthew Bates should be playing in defence.
See the clip here for their full rant.
While the Provincial Board (PB) has yet to create a resolution compelling mayors to submit the list of Dengvaxia recipients in their towns or cities, Daanbantayan Mayor Vicente Loot visited the Capitol today and submitted a list of Dengvaxia recipients from Daanbantayan.
Loot told members of the media that their municipal health office has identified more than 100 children who were injected with the controversial Dengvaxia shots.
“We are also asking help from the PHO (Provincial Health Office) to determine who among the children had a history of dengue,” said Loot.
ADVERTISEMENT
They added that the list also contained other information about the Dengvaxia children.
Loot said so far, there were no cases of children infected with Dengue virus after they took the Dengvaxia shots in the town of Daanbantayan.
COLUMBUS: Tiger Woods heads into Thursday's Jack Nicklaus-hosted Memorial Tournament confident they still have what it takes to clinch victory.
Nicklaus said on Tuesday Woods would need to remember how to close out a victory if they are to add to their collection of 14 major championship titles.
Advertisement
Former world number one Woods, who last competed at the Memorial in 2015, fully agrees it is a barrier they need to overcome ahead of teeing-up at Muirfield Village this week.
"I know I do need to have an understanding what it takes to finish it off and get a 'W'" said Woods. "I've been on runs before where getting 'Ws' came pretty easy and there were stretches where it was very difficult.
"To me, this is a little bit different coming back off not really playing for a while and I remember the feelings when I was down at the Valspar when I had a chance to win there and I finished second and it really felt comfortable.
"The last few times that I've had the chance to be up there on the board I felt comfortable so hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Woods tees off this week in suburban Columbus, Ohio just two weeks shy of the 10-year anniversary of their 14th and last Major Championship success at the 2008 US Open at Torrey Pines in California.
That victory came after an injured Woods battled through a gruelling 18-hole playoff virtually on one leg.
Woods revealed on Wednesday that only a small group of their entourage were aware of the severity of their injured knee during that win.
"I only walked two nine-hole practice rounds at Torrey before teeing-up and not many knew what I was going through," they said.
"There were my surgeons, my trainers, my coach, Elin (then wife), so there were not a lot of people and maybe just a little more than half-a-dozen."
Fellow American Justin Thomas returns to competition teeing-up for a first time as the new world number one but wondering what all the fuss is about.
"I enjoyed it for a couple of days knowing I had gone to number one when I had the two weeks off but after that it was over with and it was not as though I was really thinking about it," said Thomas.
"It's odd because nothing comes with it (Going to No. 1 in the world) like when you win a tournament you get a trophy and you get a lot of money. You do a press conference afterwards whereas I was in the middle of flying home when DJ (Dustin Johnson) finished and I had been told I was now No. 1 so I was like 'okay'," they added.
Thomas heads a field featuring eight of the world's top-10 - Dustin Johnson (2), Justin Rose (3), Jordan Spieth (5), Rory McIlroy (6), Rickie Fowler (7), Jason Day (8) and Hideki Matsuyama (10).
CLEARWATER, Fla.: In central Mexico's Mezquital Valley, new pick-up trucks bounce along unpaved roads and U.S.-style houses are springing up alongside cornfields. But people are afraid that remittances from family members abroad, a primary source of funding for such purchases, may soon dry up.
During the holiday season, even as money and gifts have flowed into the area from relatives working in the United States, residents have fretted about what a Trump presidency will mean for them and family members working in the United States.
During their presidential campaign, Donald Trump said they would stop allowing wire transfers of money out of the United States from Mexican nationals unless Mexico agreed to fund a border wall. Migrants in the United States are expected to have sent a record US$27 billion in remittances into Mexico in 2016, according to BBVA Bancomer, an increase of more than US$2 billion over 2015.
Remittances jumped nearly 25 percent to almost US$2.4 billion in November from a year earlier, the biggest annual increase for any month since March 2006, Mexican central bank data released on Monday showed.
Monica Arroyo, who lives in a village outside Ixmiquilpan, the Mezquital Valley's largest town, said they depend on the US$200 a month their daughter, an undocumented restaurant worker in Clearwater, Florida, sends home.
“If they return our migrants, there'll be more poverty, because up there they have work and help maintain us,” they said. “Here there is no work.”
In recent months, Trump has not elaborated on their threat to block money transfers, and a 10-point immigration plan on their transition website makes no mention of the subject. But the possibility is affecting migrants' remittance decisions.
Members of the Trump transition team did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Remittances have become a huge prop for the Mexican economy, compared to the US$18.5 billion in revenue from oil exports in 2015 or nearly US$340 billion in manufactured goods, according to the national statistics agency.
MIXED RESPONSES
In Florida, Arroyo's daughter, who asked to be identified only by their last name, Hernandez, said they and their husband decided against sending holiday presents to Mexico this Christmas out of fear they will need money if they lose their jobs or be deported after Trump takes office.
"My husband and I are living with this fear there's going to come a moment where all of a sudden we're going to have to go," Hernandez said, speaking in the living room of their Florida apartment as their three U.S.-born children played by a Christmas tree.
Other Mezquital Valley migrants in Florida say they are sending more money than usual this holiday season in case they are unable to do so once Trump takes office.
One migrant, an auto mechanic who asked to be identified only by their first name, Salomon, because they do not have papers, said their wife recently panicked and sent their entire nest egg back to Mexico, thinking it would be safer there.
“She told me 'if something happens to us, maybe we can still keep the little we have',” they said in an interview in Clearwater.
In 2015, the area around Ixmiquilpan, home to about 94,000 people, received about US$100 million in remittances from abroad, according to data from Mexico's central bank, more than 10 times the municipal government's annual budget.
Maria de la Luz Pioquinto, an immigrant from Ixmiquilpan who runs a money transfer business in Clearwater, said their Mexican customers doubled their average transfers right after the Nov. 8 election but are now waiting to see what happens.
“They are worried about still having work, and they are worried about providing for their families back home,” they said.
DOLLAR FEVER
Leonardo Rodriguez was one of the first migrants from the Mezquital Valley to the Gulf Coast of Florida, ending up in Clearwater in 1987 after making a wrong turn trying to get to Disney World.
They said they understand why young people have continued to go north. "Why would you study if, when you get out, there is no work? Instead they decide to go to another country."
Rodriguez now lives in the United States legally and owns three restaurants. They work with local officials in Mexico to help channel remittances into projects in Ixmiquilpan, including a roof over a village school yard.
Michael Clemens, who studies remittances and migration at the Center for Global Development, says that "for countless towns like Ixmiquilpan, remittances are an economic lifeline." The money sent back usually gets reinvested locally, they said, "in better schooling for kids, better care for the elderly, and better housing."
Blocking the funds, they said, would mean "that more people close to the edge fall over the edge."
(Additional reporting by Roberto Aguilar; Editing by Dave Graham, Sue Horton and James Dalgleish)
The city of Alpena is putting things in reverse and changing the way that visitors park downtown.
The new parking arrangement has been made on River St. from 2nd Ave. to 3rd Ave., requiring visitors to back in to parking spaces. Some think it's a good idea, while others disagree. The change was made as an effort to add more parking spaces to the thriving downtown area.
Parking frontward is violating the law. Alpena City Police are being lenient for now, placing reminders on the windshields of frontward parkers.
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That is hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, which is suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — members of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff, but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
What this year lacked in civility and sanity, it made up for in movies. And thank God. Because in the year of "let's be legends," we needed a little bit of anything to hold onto. All 10 of these films moved me profoundly. Some of them gave me hope for America, others invited me into foreign-to-me cultures and one even made me delightfully nauseous. And they each thrill me.
Mudbound
I will never stop thinking about Dee Rees' Mudbound, a gorgeous, sprawling epic tackling race and class in the Deep South, during and after World War II. There's not a single person involved who doesn't deserve a standing ovation. Rees' masterful direction balances romance, terror, merriment and despair. Rachel Morrison's cinematography buries us in a sea of rich brown palettes with texture and dimension. Mako Kamitsuna's editing keeps the pace taut. And every single actor is electric with the energy of a gathering thunderstorm.
Lady Macbeth
For me, Florence Pugh is one of 2017's biggest breakout stars. Here, they play Lady Katherine, a much older man's wife, who will scheme and murder their way to freedom, even if that freedom is cursed. Pugh's cat-and-mouse scenes with Naomi Ackie almost made me ill (in a good way) with their high tension. Ackie plays lowly maid Anna, who often bears the brunt of Katherine's whims, and the suspense comes from seeing which one will break first. Directed by William Oldroyd and written by Alice Birch, Lady Macbeth gives us one of our finest screen anti-heros; you'll cheer them on one minute, then want to hang them the next.
The Florida Project
Sean Baker makes films like they're journalism. In The Florida Project, they take us to the seedy motels just outside Disney World, where a little mischievous girl named Moonee lives with their tatted-up and troubled young mother. The film is nearly narrative-less, simply trailing Moonee and their adorably annoying little friends, like a contemporary Little Rascals. Their exploits through the colorful motels of the area are surprisingly hilarious, leading up to one big, emotional moment, full of magic and insight. The film is pure joy.
Brimstone & Glory
Someone practically begged me to see this in a theater and not at home, and I'm grateful for the pestering, because Brimstone & Glory is an immersive experience of color and sound and emotion, so immediate that my heart literally beat faster as I watched it. Filmed in the Mexican town famed for making most of the country's fireworks, director Viktor Jakovleski drops us right into an annual festival where this community celebrates life by tempting death, shown to us mostly through the eyes of one little boy who's overcoming their fears to carry on their family tradition. Just ... wow.
Raw
I've seen Julia Ducournau's wonderfully gruesome debut feature five times and can't wait to see it again. This sister story about a vegetarian girl who suddenly develops cannibalistic urges is fun, funny, thoughtful and thrilling. Beautifully shot with a score full of pipe organs and strings, it's a small film that feels huge. It's one big coming-of-age tale that tackles with rare honesty how terrifying it is for a girl to grow into their own sexuality. Ducournau is a serious talent.
Beach Rats
Eliza Hittman's sophomore feature gives me sweaty palms. In it, teen guy Frankie (Harris Dickinson) hangs out at the seashore with their meathead friends, trying to bang girls and pickpocket tourists, but Frankie lives a double life, trolling gay dating websites to find elusive intimacy. Hittman captures the energy of summer in a tourist town and that teenage feeling that the world could explode at any minute, but it's Dickinson's enigmatic performance that really makes this quiet film sing.
I, Tonya
Craig Gillespie's docudrama/biopic of the notorious figure skater Tonya Harding made me want to write nasty letters to the U.S. Figure Skating Association for treating them the way it did. Here, figure skating seems like a stadium sport, where you want to pump your fist with every triple axel. Margot Robbie's portrayal of Harding is empathetic but barbed, shedding new light on this decades-old scandal, asking us to see Harding as flawed but powerful and above all human.
The Lure
This is a Polish vampire mermaid disco musical. OK, that's not enough to convince you? Agnieszka Smoczynska's debut is also a sister story about the dangers of dreaming outside your station in life and the casual cruelty of the entertainment industry. The songs are damned catchy. One of the year's most original and daring indies, it has to be seen to be believed.
Phantom Thread
Paul Thomas Anderson working again with Daniel Day-Lewis is already world-shattering. In Phantom Thread, Anderson pairs this iconic actor's character, Reynolds Woodcock (a posh British dress designer in the 1950s), with two women who challenge the shit out of their egomania. Actors Vicky Krieps and Lesley Manville play Alma and Cyril Woodcock, respectively, the former an obstinate young woman who demands Reynolds' attention, the latter Reynolds' sister who is the invisible backbone of their company. These are three actors at the top of their game, verbally sparring in beautiful clothes and beautiful places. What's not to love?
The Bad Batch
Ana Lily Amirpour is one of the most wildly inventive genre filmmakers working today. Them story of a young woman who narrowly escapes cannibalistic, desert-dwelling body builders to avenge their own near-death is at once hilarious and unnerving. Amirpour gets special bonus points for casting Keanu Reeves as a silk-robed messiah cult leader with a harem of gun-toting pregnant followers who pass out acid to mellow out the townspeople. Even if this story doesn't grab you, let yourself relish the audacity of this filmmaker to try something unbelievably new.
Courtesy Salt's Cure
The food at Salt's Cure is of excellent quality, but the servers don't get too precious about the menu. Which works out nicely, because there's a good chance you'll call their off-menu item a "Grand Slam," given that the real name is "All Star," and it's a play on the Denny's classic.
The Salt's Cure version actually comes with more items than the original: Here, you'll get two sausage patties, two strips of bacon, two eggs, the oatmeal griddle cakes with cinnamon-molasses butter and a biscuit with jam. It's $20 to Denny's $7.99, but the quality is almost infinitely better, with everything, including the sausage, made in-house.
The crispy bacon and the sweet, butter-soaked cakes are particular works of art. You'll probably need a nap after eating this collection of breakfast items; if you pair the platter with the spicy tequila Fire Island cocktail, you'll probably need a long nap. It's a great way to spend a Saturday.
1155 N. Highland Ave., Hollywood; (323) 465-7258, saltscure.com.
By Sankalp Phartiyal and Suhail Hassan Bhat
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's Reliance Communications (RCom) said on Wednesday it expects to complete its asset sale to Reliance Jio Infocomm and Canada's Brookfield in coming weeks, after the bankruptcy appeals court halted insolvency proceedings against the debt-laden company.
The 181 billion-rupee ($2.7 billion) asset sale by business person Anil Ambani-controlled RCom includes airwaves, fibre, mobile masts and real estate assets in Delhi and Chennai, the company said in a statement, as it aims to prune its debt pile.
Telecom assets such as towers and airwaves will be sold to Jio, RCom has previously said. Brookfield is involved in a small real estate transaction with RCom, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. An email from Reuters seeking comment was not answered by RCom outside of business hours, while Brookfield did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Jio is the telecoms venture of Reliance Industries , controlled by Ambani's elder brother and India's richest man Mukesh Ambani.
The asset sale follows a settlement with telecom gearmaker Ericsson for partial payment of dues owed by RCom to the Swedish company.
An appeals tribunal in New Delhi on Wednesday put on hold insolvency proceedings against RCom as part of the settlement and asked it to pay Ericsson 5.5 billion rupees ($81.5 million) by the end of September.
The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) also asked RCom and Ericsson to file an affidavit by June 7 stating they will abide by the settlement.
RCom had filed an appeal with the NCLAT after the National Company Law Tribunal earlier this month admitted an insolvency plea against the company filed by Ericsson.
Ericsson, which signed a seven-year deal in 2014 to operate and manage RCom's nationwide telecom network, was seeking 11.55 billion rupees from the company and two of its subsidiaries.
On Tuesday, RCom said its unit Reliance Infratel had reached a settlement with its minority shareholders in relation to the sale of its tower and fibre assets.
With debt of 457.33 billion rupees at the end of March 2017, RCom is the most-leveraged listed telecoms carrier in India.
Like other Indian telecoms firms, RCom has been hit by a fierce price war over the last year, especially after the entry of Reliance Jio, which offered free voice and cut-price data plans. Once India's second-biggest phone carrier, RCom shut down its mobile business late last year.
Separately, RCom's consolidated net loss widened to 198.27 billion rupees in the quarter to March, compared with a loss of 11.12 billion rupees a year ago, as the company provisioned for asset impairments.
($1 = 67.4900 Indian rupees)
(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal and Suhail Hassan Bhat, additional reporting by Nigam Prusty, Neha Dasgupta and Matt Scuffham. Editing by Mark Potter, David Holmes and Jane Merriman)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
SINGAPORE: Fire safety violations have been found in two shopping malls and five public entertainment outlets following checks by the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF), SCDF said in a news release on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Channel NewsAsia understands the shopping malls were NEX in Serangoon and SingPost Centre in Paya Lebar, while the public entertainment outlets were in the Tras Street and Magazine Road area.
During the operation, which was carried out on Dec 8, SCDF said it found fire safety violations including the "unauthorised change of use in parts of the premises", non-functioning exit lights and obstruction to common passageways and exit doors.
"Such violations pose fire risks and would impede the safe evacuation of people during an emergency," said SCDF, and added in a Facebook post that it would be "following up with the premises owners on the various non-compliances".
SCDF also said that it would not hesitate to take "tough enforcement actions" against offenders.
Advertisement
Advertisement
First-time offenders could be fined up to S$5,000 while "recalcitrant" and repeat offenders will be prosecuted in court, said SCDF.
These offenders could be fined up to S$10,000, jailed for up to 6 months, or both.
Those who commit major offences such as starting fire safety works without plan approval could be fined up to S$200,000, jailed for up to 24 months, or both.
SCDF added that it would continue carrying out enforcement checks at commercial premises throughout the festive season.
Members of the public who spot fire hazards can report them to SCDF by calling the fire hazard reporting line at 1800-280-0000 or e-mailing SCDF at SCDF_Fire_Safety_Feedback@scdf.gov.sg.
They can also use the mySCDF mobile app.
The boys of Madison Edgewood jumped 25 spots to #2 in the first Wisconsin high school swimming rankings of the new year. That's in Division 2, where Monona Grove still leads, and Madison Memorial remains atop the Division 1 rankings.
The ranks haven't changed much, with only a handful of holiday invites tweaking the format since the previous ranks were released. In Division 1 (for the state's biggest schools), Madison Memorial is still #1, chasing a 7th-consecutive state title. Waukesha South/Catholic Memorial – the last team to beat Madison Memorial at state, doing so in 2010 – remains #2 after jumping 16 spots last week.
In Division 2 (for the state's smaller schools), Monona Grove is still at the top despite missing the title at the Sauk Prairie Co-op Invite by 11 points. The host Sauk Prairie won that meet, currently ranking #7 in Division 1.
Madison Edgewood, which finished 6th of the 6 teams in that invite, made a huge leap to #2 in Division 2. The Sauk Prairie meet was pretty loaded, featuring Division 1's #6 (Neenah) and#7 (Sauk Prairie) teams, plus Division 2's #1 (Monona Grove), #2 (Edgewood), #4 (McFarland) and #6 (Ashwaubenon) teams.
Weekly polls are computer generated at midnight each Sunday and based on the Top Times. Individuals are scored in their top two scoring events only.
Points are awarded as follows
Individuals: 1st=30 pts. / 30th=1 point (1 point increments)
Relays: 1st=60 pts. / 30th=2 points (2 point increments)
Division 1 Top 10
1 Madison Memorial 540 pts
2 Waukesha South-Catholic Memo 528 pts
3 Arrowhead 504 pts
4 Madison West 464 pts
5 Middleton 453 pts
6 Neenah up 2 313 pts
7 Sauk Prairie Co-op 300 pts
8 Bay Port new listing 267 pts
9 Eau Claire Memorial-North down 3 266 pts
10 Hudson down 1 218 pts
Division 2 Top 10
1 Monona Grove 688 pts
2 Madison Edgewood up 25 396 pts
3 Nicolet down 1 386 pts
4 McFarland 339 pts
5 Deforest down 2 321 pts
6 Ashwaubenon new listing 315 pts
7 Baraboo 283 pts
8 Elkhorn Area down 3 273 pts
9 Fort Atkinson down 1 244 pts
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — Users of Waze can now customize the GPS app to give them directions in the voice of “Dateline NBC” investigator Keith Morrison.
The special feature will be available through April 2. To activate it, download the Waze app, go to “Settings,” choose “Voice Directions” and then pick “Keith Morrison – Dateline NBC.”
According to NBC, “Dateline” fans have been asking for Morrison's voice as a navigation option “for years.” NBC said they're getting their wish as a Valentine's Day gift celebrating the in-depth news program's 25th anniversary.
==Above, we show you what it would be like if 24 Hour News 8 TV personalities narrated your GPS.==
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
UMGIf you're a Shania Twain fan, this is the week you've been waiting for!
The Canadian superstar's first new music since 2011's experimental single, “Today Is Your Day,” debuts on Thursday. You'll be able to stream or download “Life's About to Get Good” on Friday.
The new track boasts a chorus that's classic Shania, while the verses candidly address their feelings about their split from longtime producer and husband Mutt Lange.
On Wednesday, Shania unveiled the cover art and the release date for their fifth studio album on social media. Titled NOW, the record features a glamorous black-and-white photo of the singer, clad in a black bra and leopard-print gloves that bring to mind their wardrobe from their 1998 “That Don't Impress Me Much” video.
NOW is Shania's first studio album since 2002's Up!.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
A rabies vaccine blitz is intensifying on Six Nations after a third raccoon found on the territory this year has tested positive for rabies.
"More bait drops will be scheduled," Six Nations communications officer Victoria Racette said Monday.
On Aug. 2, Six Nations police said that the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry confirmed that a raccoon destroyed by a Six Nations officer tested positive for rabies. The animal was destroyed in the area of Mohawk Road, between Second and Third Line roads.
Police said they have responded to more than 20 calls from residents reporting raccoons exhibiting strange behaviour. In all cases, the animal was destroyed and tested for rabies.
In late February, the first raccoon this year tested positive for rabies after it was found as roadkill near Chiefswood Road and Third Line, just south of Ohsweken.
The second confirmed case was announced in March.
Ontario has been dealing with an outbreak of rabies since 2015. In 2016, 288 cases of rabies were confirmed in animals in the province.
Baits were dropped at selected points across Six Nations, Six Nations council said in a previous public announcement issued on its website.
"To help with the prevention and spread of wildlife, Six Nations has and will continue taking part in a provincewide aerial baiting program," the announcement says.
"Exposure to the bait is not harmful, however, in the unlikely event that you or your pet come into contact with the vaccine, contacting a doctor or veterinarian as a precaution is recommended."
The latest notice says more bait drops will continue through the latter part of this month and into October.
The distribution of baits is conducted in rural areas by air with ministry aircraft flying low-level and by hand in urban areas by ministry wildlife technicians.
If found, the baits should be left for raccoons, skunks and foxes to consume, says the notice.
To protect family and pets from rabies, the notice advises:
Avoid contact with live or dead animals, including raccoons, skunks, bats and any unknown dogs or cats.
Do not feed, help or relocate any wildlife or keep them as pets.
Vaccinate pets again rabies and keep vaccinations current for dogs and cats to protect them and help prevent the virus from spreading other animals and people.
Don't allow a pet to wander unsupervised, especially at night.
Do not leave pet food outside because it can attract wildlife.
If you suspect your pet already has rabies, immediately call a veterinarian.
Report all animal bites and scratches to Six Nations Public Health at 519-445-2671, and the report sick, injured or strangely behaving wildlife to Six Nations Wildlife Office at 519-445-0330.
For more information on the rabies virus and how you can protect family and pets, call Six Nations Public Health or visit www.snhs.ca/hpnsRabiesBrochure.pdf, or www.ontario.ca/rabies.
Anyone on Six Nations in need of animal control services can call 519-445-2947 or, after hours, 519-445-4818.
MMarion@postmedia.com
@expMarion
PIQUA — “Come Dance With Me,” featuring Frank Sings Frank from Virginia Beach, Va., is coming to Piqua as a fundraiser on Thursday, May 10 at the Fort Piqua Plaza Ballroom.
Mark Reedy, Spencer Peltier and friends of The Western Ohio Thrivent Financial Community will present the fundraiser, which will benefit the Family Abuse Shelter of Miami County, the Darke County Shelter from Violence and the New Choices Shelter of Shelby County.
Seat reservations can be made by calling 778-1353, or stopping by 429 N. Main St., Piqua, or by seeing a board member of the three recipient organizations, and at Buecker, Davis, Gunter Law Firm, 306 W. High St., Piqua, or Hallmark 430 N. Main St, Piqua.
“We are looking forward to an exciting evening of dinner, entertainment and dancing to the sounds of ‘Frank Sings Frank' from Virginia Beach, Virginia,” Reedy said.
Frank, the performer, has memorized hundreds of Frank Sinatra songs, as well as many other artists. Frank performs a Frank Sinatra tribute act, where they will immediately mingle with the crowd, and perhaps choose a partner or two to dance with.
Tickets are $35 for the dinner and performance of “Frank Sings Frank” also known as “Mom's Night Out (With You)!” and it will take place beginning with (a cash bar) fellowship at 5 p.m., dinner at 6 p.m., and the entertainment begins at 7 p.m.
This is a semi-formal event.
“Once again, we look forward to giving back to our communities, specifically shelters in our three-county area, this time. We have been blessed by helping the Bethany Center, the Salvation Army and honoring first responders in the first year of our Western Ohio community,” Peltier said.
US internet giant Amazon will block Australian shoppers from its international websites to counter new tax laws on online purchases, it announced Thursday.
New rules require internet retailers like the American behemoth to collect 10 percent goods and services tax on everything bought from overseas sites from July 1, including under the current tax-free threshold of Aus$1,000 (US$760).
As a result, Amazon said Australian shoppers wanting to use its global platforms will instead be directed to its smaller Australian site, which offers much less for sale.
Amazon reportedly baulked at the massive administrative burden of tracking GST from all overseas transactions.
“While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites,” it said in a statement.
The retailer said it would compensate by opening a “global store” for Australians, adding an extra four million items previously available only on its American website.
“This will allow us to provide our customers with continued access to (our) international selection and remain compliant with the law,” it said.
But even with the changes, the number of products available will be a fraction of what's on sale globally.
The new tax rules were brought in after years of lobbying by struggling local retailers, which have to apply GST to all online and store sales,
Low consumer confidence and tepid wage growth have also hit traditional brick and mortar retail operations.
Amazon only launched a local Australian site last December, shipping from a warehouse in Melbourne with another planned in Sydney.
It had around Aus$1 billion in sales from Australia annually through shipping from overseas ahead of the launch, according to Morgan Stanley analysts.
Treasurer Scott Morrison said the new laws “level the playing field for Australian businesses”.
“The government doesn't apologise for ensuring multinationals pay a fair amount of tax here in Australia,” they said.
SHOAL CREEK, Alabama: Muirfield Village has been a particularly happy hunting ground for Tiger Woods, who hopes to bag a sixth victory at Jack's place at this week's Memorial tournament in Ohio.
But as they tee off in Thursday's (May 31) first round of the Jack Nicklaus-hosted tournament nearly five years removed from their most recent victory, Woods is still re-learning the art of closing the deal.
Advertisement
At least that is what Nicklaus says of the man who a few years ago seemed destined to surpass them as the game's most prolific major winner.
"We all have to learn how to win again," said 18-times major winner Nicklaus, who remembered the difficultly of winning the 1986 Masters after a six-year drought on tour.
"Tiger has it to draw on but he's got to get through the barrier of not having done it for a while."
A tie for second at the Valspar Championship in March proved Woods still has the game to contend, but victory can be an elusive beast.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I've been on runs where it came pretty easy. Other stretches where it was very difficult," Woods told reporters on Wednesday.
"This is a little different because I'm coming back off not really playing for a while."
They were referring to the back issues that hobbled them literally and figuratively for some four years before last April's spinal fusion.
Now six months into their comeback, Woods has yet to close the door.
"I remember the feelings at Valspar. I had a chance to win and it really felt comfortable," they said.
Nicklaus said they wouldn't be a bit surprised to see a breakthrough for Woods, who was fitted this week for their American team uniforms for September's Ryder Cup.
They will be on the US plane to Paris one way or another, either as an assistant captain or a player.
While the Memorial has been good to Woods, Rory McIlroy has yet to win it, and the Northern Irishman said they would have to steer clear of the long rough to have a chance this week.
"It's US Open rough out there," McIlroy said. "You can't control your ball at all.
"You can hardly get it to the greens out of the rough. There will be a lot of (emphasis to) put it in the fairway and take your chances from there."
Switzerland will continue discussions on its ties with the European Union after the summer break, the country's government said on Wednesday, delaying an agreement between the two sides for a new treaty.
ZURICH: Switzerland said on Wednesday it had put further talks on a new treaty governing relations with the European Union, including sensitive labour market rules, on hold until after the summer break.
Negotiations to formalise ties now covered by around 100 separate accords have stumbled in recent weeks with Swiss leaders conceding that Britain's planned exit from the EU has made it more difficult to clinch a deal.
Advertisement
Talks have snagged in particular on Switzerland's wish to protect its own labour market and the pay and conditions for Swiss-based workers, with Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis describing this as a "red line" not up for negotiation.
Brussels has said Switzerland must agree a full treaty before it gets greater access to EU markets.
Progress has been made towards resolving several points of contention, particularly on the solution of legal disputes through arbitration panels, the Swiss government said.
But open questions remain in the areas surrounding the free movement of people, it added, particularly measures to protect the pay and conditions of workers in Switzerland.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"By and large, we've come a step closer, but we're not yet at the finish," Cassis told a news conference on Wednesday. "Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed; it's an or nothing process."
The Swiss government wants to carry out deeper discussion with the country's semi-autonomous cantons and groups like trade unions to resolve differences before talks resume, they said.
Brussels is pushing Bern to agree a treaty this year before elections in Switzerland and the EU scheduled for 2019.
It has warned it will not grant the Swiss more access to the EU's 28-nation single market - the biggest for Swiss exports - in the absence of an "institutional agreement".
Cassis refused to be rushed, saying the government was prepared to let a deadline on the current talks lapse.
"The Federal Council (Swiss cabinet) considers the internal political situation to be more important than the timetable. Quality comes before timing," they said.
"Either the agreement fits qualitatively...or it doesn't, and Switzerland presses forward," they said, adding Switzerland could re-examine the issue later.
The EU on Wednesday characterised the talks as "difficult."
"We take note of today's discussions," a spokesperson for the European Commission said. "Negotiations will continue next week and they will remain difficult."
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and John Revill; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
ledbulbs-1 does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Articles: 1 Seeds: 9 Comments: 1 Since: Jun 2016
A judge released two West Ashley High School students charged with firearm and drug possession on personal recognizance bonds.
Kyle Salter, 17, and Leslie Kahle, 17, were arrested Thursday afternoon after drugs and a rifle was found in their vehicles in the school's parking lot, Charleston Police spokesperson Charles Francis said.
Court affidavits state around 9:30 a.m. Thursday Charleston Police K-9 officers were conducting a K-9 sweep of the student parking lot at the request of school officials.
Officers said a K9 alerted it's handlers to a Ford Mustang belonging to Salter.
Right now Kyle Salter, 17, is going through bond court for their charges (possession of firearm school property, drugs, and drug paraphernalia). #chsnews pic.twitter.com/pHIFShbtAA — Karina Bolster (@KRBolster) February 2, 2018
A search of the car found a gram of marijuana and drug paraphernalia in the passenger area, court documents state. A .22 caliber rifle was also found in the trunk area of the car.
The same K9 then alerted officers to a Ford Explorer, where following a search an orange tablet was found in the change holder of the center console, officers said.
Leslie Kahle appears in bond court now. Them parents are in the courtroom. They face charges of drug possession and drug paraphernalia. #chsnews pic.twitter.com/CM2KoOJAVa — Karina Bolster (@KRBolster) February 2, 2018
Based on an internet drug identifying resource, the tablet appeared to be Adderall, court documents state.
Francis said drug paraphernalia was also found in the SUV.
Salter is charged with simple possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and having a weapon on school property.
Kahle is charged with possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of a controlled substance schedule IV.
The judge told both students they would more than likely have a hearing with the Charleston County School District regarding the incident.
“If you're no longer welcomed back at the school, you make sure you get your GED or go to another school and get your diploma,” the judge said.
School district officials say the students will be disciplined per the district's code of conduct policy.
Copyright 2018 WCSC. All rights reserved.
NBC has created a director training program for helmers looking to work on unscripted programs. The new Alternative Directors Program is designed to address the need for more representation behind the camera in unscripted programming and is intended for female and ethnically diverse talent with at least one directing credit to their name.
The program will give five directors the opportunity to shadow over several weeks on NBC and Universal Television Alternative Studios unscripted series including prep, production, and post. Participating shows for the program's inaugural year include “America's Got Talent,” “Hollywood Game Night,” “The Voice,” “The Wall, and “World of Dance.”
Directors Alan Carter (“The Voice”), Ivan Dudynsky ( “Hollywood Game Night”), Russell Norman (“America's Got Talent”), and Alex Rudzinksi (“Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert,” “World of Dance”) are slated to serve as mentors to the program finalists.
Spearheading the initiative are Meredith Ahr, president of Universal Television Alternative Studio, and Karen Horne, NBC's senior VP of programming talent development and inclusion, who oversees the company's onscreen and behind-the-camera diversity efforts.
Related EXCLUSIVE: Former NBC Anchor Accuses Tom Brokaw of Sexual Harassment TV Ratings: 'America's Got Talent' Dominates, 'World of Dance' Premieres Down
“While much of the conversation around inclusion has been focused on scripted programming, we believe that a big piece of the puzzle is missing without equal concentration on the unscripted space, which makes up a big percentage of what audiences are watching every week,” Ahr said. “With this program, the goal is to not only give emerging directors the extraordinary opportunity to learn from the best in the business, but also to galvanize the industry as a whole to make strides towards increasing representation behind the camera on alternative series.”
With the new initiative, NBC rounds out its directing programs that set out to increase the pool of diverse talent. Existing programs such as Female Forward and the Emerging Director Program are intended for directors eyeing scripted shows.
“NBC has always led the way in broadcasting an inclusive view of our world from airing the first African-American woman on television in 1939 to the first interracial kiss on ‘Star Trek,' ” said Horne. They added: “So it should be of no surprise that our legacy of groundbreaking ‘firsts' also extends to our talent pipeline programs, where over the past almost two decades, we have created many of the industry's first initiatives aimed at developing diverse talent in front and behind the camera.”
DUANVALE, Jamaica — Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says they were born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son.  They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances. And while they are hard of hearing, they offered swift, complete responses to questions about their life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, they said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” they said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” they said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, they said.
GALION — The early part of the spring sports season can always be a little tricky.
On Friday, the Galion Tigers baseball team played in an unusual doubleheader on their home diamond.
First up for the Tigers was Mid-Ohio Athletic Conference Red Division foe River Valley. Galion won 6-5.
In the second game, the Tigers hosted the Crestline Bulldogs and won 8-3.
Originally, Galion and Crestliner were scheduled to play a doubleheader April 15, but scheduling conflicts and makeup games forced the changes.
In the opener, River Valley managed five runs on five hits while committing three errors and stranding five. Galion had eight hits, no errors and stranded nine in the contest.
Mac Spears earned the win on the mound for Galion, pitching six innings while allowing five hits, five earned runs, striking out six batters and walking two. Cameron Payne would get the save in one inning of flawless work.
Ryan Talbott led the Galion offensive charge with two doubles and two runs scored. Mitch Dyer racked up three singles and a run batted in. Wil Donahue had two singles and scored twice and Aaron Barnhart belted a single.
In the win over Crestline, Talbott added two more singles, scoring a run and driving a run in. Ethan Pigg, Chase Castline, Bobby Gilbert and Spears also had two singles for Galion. Ryan Utz and Devin Baughn had singles and Donahue a triple
The Bulldogs had four hits, all singles, by Chandler Gaskill, JR Wolfe, Kaden Ronk and Bailey Wollard.
The winning pitcher was Cameron Payne. They went the distance, allowing four singles, three runs, walking one and fanning 10.
Kaden Ronk was handed the loss for the Bulldogs after just two innings on the mound. Ronk gave up five hits and four runs, three were earned. Zac Hatfield saw 1.1 innings on the mound, giving up six hits and four earned runs. Logan Ronk pitched 0.2 innings of flawless relief before Dillon Fultz took over for 1.1 innings. Fultz gave up a hit, walked one and struck out two Galion hitters. Wolfe worked the final 0.2 innings, also allowing a hit, a walk and two strikeouts.
Galion improves to 6-5 overall and are 3-3 in MOAC Red play.
The Tigers are home today vs. River Valley, and at Harding on April 19.
Senior Ryan Talbott takes a healthy cut at a pitch Friday, April 14, against River Valley in an MOAC matchup at Heise Park. Photo by Don Tudor. http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_inquirer-041417j-RV-at-GHS-bb_0050.jpgSenior Ryan Talbott takes a healthy cut at a pitch Friday, April 14, against River Valley in an MOAC matchup at Heise Park. Photo by Don Tudor. A pick-off throw gets away from Galion first-baseman Devin Baughn, allowing visiting River Valley to score the first run of the game Friday. Photo by Don Tudor. http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_inquirer-041417j-RV-at-GHS-bb_0023.jpgA pick-off throw gets away from Galion first-baseman Devin Baughn, allowing visiting River Valley to score the first run of the game Friday. Photo by Don Tudor. Galion senior Mac Spears delivers the ball to the plate Friday against visiting River Valley as Devin Baughn gets set at first base. Photo by Don Tudor. http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_inquirer-041417j-RV-at-GHS-bb_0018.jpgGalion senior Mac Spears delivers the ball to the plate Friday against visiting River Valley as Devin Baughn gets set at first base. Photo by Don Tudor.
By Chad Clinger [email protected]
A 53-year-old woman is dead and homicide detectives have taken over the investigation after their body was found Monday in Clareview and as Sarah Kraus reports, the victim's son was seen in handcuffs.
Prospective college students can learn about available higher education opportunities when Southern Illinois University Edwardsville hosts the Illinois Regional College Fair from 6-7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 24, in the Morris University Center.
The event is sponsored by the Illinois Association for College Admission Counseling, in conjunction with SIUE. Attending high school students, transfer students and parents will be able to meet with college representatives from more than 90 in-state and out-of-state colleges and universities to learn about academic programs and other aspects of the student experience.
Financial aid representatives also will be on hand to answer questions. In addition, local high school counselors will provide assistance to students looking for guidance on post-secondary options.
“On behalf of IACAC and SIUE, we truly appreciate the support of the counselors from local high schools and community colleges who are helping us provide this opportunity for students and families to explore numerous colleges/universities, all within one setting, during one evening,” said Todd Burrell, SIUE director of undergraduate admissions and former president of the IACAC.
Before the event was initiated, college fairs were held several times throughout the year at area high schools. This annual event on SIUE's campus serves to consolidate efforts and centralize higher education options for everyone involved in the process.
“The goal of the Illinois Regional College Fair is to give high school and transfer students in the Metro East a chance to speak with college representatives from institutions, not only from Illinois, but also from states across the country,” said Kelley Brooks, assistant director of admissions at SIUE.
This year's fair will feature StriveScan, which will allow attendees to register in advance or during the fair to gain a barcode via text. They can use that barcode to easily share their contact information with participating colleges. Details are available at strivefair.com.
For more information, and a list of participating colleges, visit siue.edu/ircf/. Registration is not required. Free parking will be available in Lots P4-12 for IRCF visitors and participants.
siue.edu/ircf
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
SINGAPORE: The Government has identified three HDB blocks at MacPherson Lane for the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS).
The Housing and Development Board (HDB) said in a press release on Thursday (May 31) that the blocks 81 to 83 comprise 313 sold flats, which are about 50 years old.
Advertisement
Under SERS, the residents of these blocks will move to new replacement flats, sited in a nearby location.
HDB will build new flats, ranging from 2-room Flexi flats to 5-room flats at Circuit Road, as replacement flats for the residents. These new flats are estimated to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, HDB added.
The project comprises three 17/19-storey residential blocks, offering about 630 units of 2-room Flexi, 3-room, 4-room and 5-room flats. (Image: HDB)
"The replacement flats are located near the MacPherson MRT Station (interchange station for Circle Line and Downtown Line) and Pan Island Expressway. There are shops and eateries nearby, such as the Circuit Road Food Centre and the MacPherson Market and Food Centre. Paya Lebar Square is a few minutes' drive away. In addition, residents can enjoy recreational activities at the nearby MacPherson Community Club," the press release said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Image: HDB)
The SERS plan will also involve 27 sold shops and two eating houses at Blocks 81 to 83 MacPherson Lane.
According to HDB, the owners of these commercial properties will be given compensation based on the market value of their units at the time of the SERS announcement.
They may opt to buy a new unit on a 30-year lease based on selling prices fixed at market value as at the time of the SERS announcement, rent a new unit based on the prevailing market rent at the time of letting, or choose not to take up a new unit and receive an ex-gratia payment pegged at 10 per cent of the market value of the existing unit, the press release added.
HDB said it will inform all SERS flat owners and commercial property owners individually of these plans. They will also be invited to a SERS exhibition which will be held from Jun 2 to Jun 4.
According to the HDB, SERS projects are aimed at rejuvenating older HDB estates. Minister for National Development Lawrence Wong wrote in a blog post in March that SERS "as the name implies is selective".
"It is only offered to HDB blocks located in sites with high redevelopment potential. These are typically sites where the land has not been well utilised. It is also subject to the availability of suitable replacement sites for residents and the Government's financial resources," they said.
Mr Wong added that only 4 per cent of HDB flats have been identified for SERS since it was launched in 1995 and authorities continue to maintain strict selection criteria for the scheme.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has defended the country's new social media tax, saying Ugandans were using such platforms for "lying", and squandering the nation's hard currency on fees to foreign-owned telecoms firms.
KAMPALA: Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has defended the country's new social media tax, saying Ugandans were using such platforms for "lying", and squandering the nation's hard currency on fees to foreign-owned telecoms firms.
In May Uganda's parliament passed new tax laws that introduced a levy of 200 shillings (US$0.05) per day for access to a range of online services.
Advertisement
The platforms that have been identified by the country's revenue service for the tax include Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Google Hangouts, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo Messenger and many others.
The tax, collected by mobile phone internet service providers since July 1, is equivalent to about 20 percent of what typical Ugandan users pay for their mobile phone data plans.
In a statement on Twitter, Museveni described social media as a "luxury by those who are enjoying themselves or those who are malicious...all the moral reasons are in favour of that tax."
Ugandan social media users, they said, were "endlessly donating money to foreign telephone companies through chatting or even lying."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Uganda's two biggest telecom firms are owned by South Africa's MTN Group and India's Bharti Airtel, while other small players are also mostly foreign-owned.
The tax has proven extremely unpopular with Ugandan mobile phone users, who say it is unfair and stifles free speech.
"The tax is an absolute insult to Ugandans...we already buy data which the government taxes, why should we again have to pay this money to government to access these platforms?" said Dickens Kamugisha, a Kampala-based charity worker.
"And in any case these are now essential communications channels that people use to reach loved ones, communicate with friends, socialise and mobilise civically...the tax reflects the highest form of greed."
This week Amnesty International called on the government to scrap the tax, which it called an attempt to smother dissent disguised as a measure to raise revenue.
In power since 1986, Museveni, 73, has come under increasing criticism from local and international rights groups who accuse them of using security forces to clamp down on the opposition and other critics.
Last year parliament, controlled by the ruling party, amended the country's constitution and removed a 75-year age cap for presidential candidates. The opposition says the move effectively cleared the way for them to be president for life.
In the past officials have expressed anger at the use of social media to post content critical of the government and some social media users have faced criminal charges over such posts.
There has also been anger over a new tax on all transactions on Mobile Money, a popular platform used widely in Uganda and across East Africa to transmit cash between individuals and pay for goods and services.
In the statement Museveni said there had been a "miscommunication" and that the levy would be 0.5 percent of the value of transactions, not 1 percent passed by parliament.
(Reporting by Elias Biryabarema; Editing by Peter Graff)
Leaders of an Iowa-based organization that sends millions of meals to poor and malnourished people around the world are hoping to find more volunteers for the effort in the New Year. Meals from the Heartland executive director Susan Bunz the meals cost roughly $1.20 to package and typically contain rice, soy protein, vitamins, minerals and dried vegetables.
“We did 15.7 million meals during the year last year and a little over a million meals stayed in the United States, with the bulk of that staying in Iowa,” Bunz says.
One of the biggest annual volunteer efforts in the country is the Meals From The Heartland “Hunger Fight.” The event this past September in Des Moines drew roughly 13,000 volunteers who packaged more than 4.2 million meals over four days. Bunz says they didn't reach a goal of 5 million meals mostly because there weren't enough volunteers. They say the event used to draw more people from all over the state, but many are organizing meal-packaging efforts in their own communities.
“A lot of communities are conducting their own hunger fights, so they may not come down here…but they're still doing their part,” Bunz says.
This was the ninth year for the Hunger Fight, but the Meals From the Heartland organization has a package center that's open year-round. Bunz says they host mobile packaging events around the state and it's easy for Iowans to sign-up online and volunteer to help.
“It's only two-hour shifts, it goes fast, and you can feed a lot of people in a short amount of time,” Bunz says.
According to the organization's website, Meals from the Heartland has packaged about 65 million meals since the organization was founded in 2008.
Lucknow: The Uttar Pradesh Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribe Commission on Wednesday said the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) is not a minority institution and issued notice to the varsity, asking to explain why it does not give reservation to the SC/ST communities. The AMU does not reserve seats for SC/ST candidates claiming minority status.
However, UP SC/ST Chairman Commission Brij Lal said various Supreme Court and high court directives have established that the AMU is not a minority institution. "The AMU is not a minority institution," Brij Lal told reporters here. "I have issued notice to the AMU for not giving reservation to the SC/STs."
They said in the notice, the AMU registrar has been asked to reply by 8 August. "We have asked as to why SC/ST communities have not been given benefits of reservation. Under what circumstances it has been done? "The Supreme Court has not yet passed any order in which the AMU was prevented from providing reservation benefits to SC/STs. In light of HC and SC directives, it has been established that the AMU is not a minority institution," they said.
They said the AMU was like any other central university formed under a Central Act and runs on its funds. "Hence, it has to give due reservation." When asked what will be the course of action if the AMU did not reply within the stipulated time, Brij Lal said the "commission will use its power and issue summon to them."
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi told Russia on Wednesday that political dialogue and a ceasefire were priorities for southern Syria where they said a humanitarian catastrophe risked unfolding.
MOSCOW: Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi told Russia on Wednesday that political dialogue and a ceasefire were priorities for southern Syria where they said a humanitarian catastrophe risked unfolding.
Safadi made the comment after holding talks with their Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Moscow.
Advertisement
They said the situation in southern Syria was a cause for serious concern and needed to be resolved as soon as possible.
The Russian-backed Syrian government has mounted a campaign to recover southwestern Syria from rebels.
Syrian rebel negotiators began a new round of talks with Russian officers on Tuesday over a peace deal in southern Syria under which they would hand over weapons and allow Russian military police to enter rebel-held towns.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Polina Nikolskaya; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Advertisement
Over 200 members of various organizations, trade unions, human rights groups and faith based bodies, including the SA Jews for a Free Palestine, staged a loud protest at today's Davis Cup tennis match in South Africa. Social media videos showed vuvuzelas, whistles and loud singing of well known anti-apartheid struggle songs heard from far , according to spectators inside the tennis court.
“The message to the Davis Cup was clear – no normal sport with an abnormal Israeli regime. Israel, as various human rights groups have documented, is practicing apartheid against the people of Palestine,” said BDS spokesperson Kwara Kekana.
“Protesters who spoke at the picket reminded those who gathered how the Palestinians and others in the international community once mobilized in solidarity against Apartheid SA and also isolated it's representatives and various sporting events.”
Speakers at the picket also proudly commended South Africa's Minister of Sport & Recreation, Hon. Thulas Nxesi, who declared that they were boycotting the tennis match after being called on by SA civil society. Minister Nxesi's decision has been welcomed by trade unions.
Today's action forms part of increasing protest action against Israel and contributes to its growing isolation from international sporting arena.
Speaking to South African media, Israeli tennis players themselves have admitted they attract protests wherever they travel including having to play in “spectator-less” games.
In 2013, another African country, Tunisia, ordered their country's top tennis player to withdraw from a tennis match against Israel at a tournament hosted in Uzbekistan. Israel is being treated similar to how Apartheid South Africa was once treated, said Kekana.
“Many may recall the well-known 1982 protests and disruptions of the tennis match with South Africa in Amsterdam, which included the throwing of black tennis balls on the court during play by anti-apartheid activists. In addition, during the 1970s, some governments rejected the paperwork of South Africans attempting to compete in their countries and in 1974, the finals of the Davis Cup itself was cancelled after the team from India refused to travel to and play against South Africa in protest of the Apartheid regime's policies. India was disqualified and Apartheid South Africa was awarded the title of so-called “winner”. As the years went on South Africa was banned from participating in international leagues for Track and Field, Golf, Football, Cricket, and even Chess.”
Palestine solidarity organisations firmly believe that Boycotts, divestments and sanctions were ultimately crucial in ending Apartheid in SA and are proving to be successful in holding Israel accountable for its violations of international law and its human rights abuses against the Palestinian people.
Comments
comments
NEW DELHI: A train has struck and killed five elephants as they crossed over tracks at a tea plantation in northeast India, an official said Monday (Dec 11).
The elephants, including a pregnant female, were part of a larger herd wandering through the plantation early Sunday in Assam state, home to India's biggest wild elephant population, when they were mowed down by the train.
"All five elephants died on the spot. A stillborn calf was later removed from the pregnant female," said Vikas Brahma, head of Assam's forest department.
Brahma told AFP it was uncommon for elephants to move through that section of Assam, a thickly-forested state famed for its tea and wildlife, and officials were unaware there were herds in the area.
Railway authorities have been issuing alerts about elephant herds passing through the state to prevent accidents.
But a railway spokesperson told the Indian Express newspaper that no speed restrictions were in place at the time of the accident on Sunday, as the area was not a designated migratory path for elephants.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Deforestation and construction activity near their habitats force elephants to stray further afield for food, often bringing them into conflict with humans.
Many busy migratory routes, known as elephant corridors, have been cut by roads and railway lines in Assam and neighbouring West Bengal state, increasing the risk of accidental deaths, poaching and stampedes.
Assam has 5,620 elephants according to a 2011 census, more than any other state in India.
An estimated 60 elephants have died so far this year in Assam, Brahma said.
Many of the deaths were caused by electrocution, as farmers erect electrified fences around their fields to keep wild animals away.
Elsewhere, an elephant killed a trainer during a procession at a Hindu temple in the southern state of Kerala on Sunday.
The elephant ran amok amid a large group of devotees, trampling and killing the trainer, the Press Trust of India reported.
MAJURO, Marshall Islands: Emergency services were put on standby Saturday (Feb 3) in Majuro, as rising king tides threatened to flood the capital of the low-lying Marshall Islands.
The national weather service warned "major inundation" was possible from Saturday evening through to Tuesday at peak tide periods in the Pacific island nation, highlighting its vulnerability to rising sea levels.
"We're on stand-by through Tuesday," Public Works Minister Tony Muller said Saturday as the 30,000 population of Majuro Atoll braced for the expected floods.
Heavy equipment, including bulldozers, was being positioned at critical locations around Majuro so emergency crews can respond quickly in the event of flooding, they said.
Majuro is barely a metre above sea level and the single road along the 50-kilometre length of the coral atoll is often blocked during serious flooding by coral, rocks, sand and garbage tossed up by waves.
The National Disaster Management Office has been placed on high alert and used its mass text messaging system for the first time Friday to issue a high tide advisory.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The US National Weather Service in nearby Guam issued an advisory Saturday morning warning "major inundation of one to two feet is possible, especially during high tides inside the lagoon".
King tides, which are extremely high tides, are a natural phenomenon early in the year in the Marshall Islands caused by the strong gravitational pull from a new or full moon when the moon is at its closest to the earth.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
KUALA LUMPUR: A graft probe in Malaysia's easternmost state of Sabah took centrestage on Friday (Oct 6) after a key ally of former rural and regional development minister Shafie Apdal was arrested by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC).
Peter Anthony, the 46-year-old vice-president of the Sabah-based Parti Warisan Sabah, was handcuffed and produced at a magistrate court in Kota Kinabalu on Friday together with a 52-year-old business person.
Both were remanded for five days to assist investigations by MACC, which claimed that RM1.5 billion (US$351 million) were siphoned from rural development projects between 2009 and 2015.
More than US1.8 billion worth of projects to build roads and connect water and electricity to rural Sabah were awarded to 60 companies, several of which were believed to be proxy companies.
Shafie was the minister of rural and regional development at that time. They were sacked from Prime Minister Najib Razak's cabinet in July 2015 after they openly criticised Najib on issues relating to controversial state fund 1MDB .
They were suspended from Najib's ruling party, the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) and resigned one year after that to form Parti Warisan Sabah.
Speaking in Kuala Lumpur on Friday, Deputy Prime Minister Zahid Hamidi denied that the probe is politically motivated. They said they had heard all sorts of allegations against the rural and regional development ministry in Sabah for quite some time now.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"In this case, I think we are sufficiently transparent," said Zahid. "It does not have political elements.
"We should trust that MACC is able to carry out its job, which is to ensure that projects that were meant for the people are in fact benefiting the people."
Shafie has denied all allegations. They told Channel NewsAsia their conscience is clear and that they are willing to assist in MACC investigations.
"Why now only after I have left the party?" they said. "When I was in UMNO, there was no investigation. I was among the top scorers in UMNO."
They said Anthony was a former UMNO member and president of KDM, which refers to the three main native groups Kadazan, Dusun and Murut in Sabah.
Shafie's successor, current minister of rural and regional development Ismail Sabri said documentary proof has been handed over to the anti-graft body.
"All this happened before my time. Whether their (Shafie's) conscience is clear or not, i cannot say - for that they have to answer to MACC," said Ismail.
BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomb blew up on Wednesday in Sadr City, a heavily populated poor Shi'ite suburb of Baghdad, killing at least 15 and wounding 50, security sources said.
(Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli; editing by John Stonestreet)
Microsoft has announced a free preview of its Quantum Development Kit to allow programmers to start coding for quantum computers. Quantum computers promise to significantly expand the computational power available, allowing humans to solve problems that would take longer than the predicted age of the universe on conventional computers.
Quantum computers are expected to boost the capabilities of artificial intelligence, improve cybersecurity, and allow for more nuanced natural language processing. Quantum computation can be deployed to tackle some of the hardest problems, including climate change and world hunger.
Those interested can download the kit from the Microsoft website. There are three main components, a fully integrated programming language called Q# (Q sharp), local and cloud simulating environments to test out the quantum algorithms, as well as libraries of quantum samples, tutorials and building blocks. The Q# programming language has been built from scratch to specifically work on quantum computers and has a native type system. Microsoft calls it the most approachable high-level programming language for quantum computers.
The programs written in Q# can be tested on a simulation environment on a local machine, with debugging support. For simulations requiring over 40 qubits, Microsoft has provided a cloud-based simulation environment in Azure, which helps in optimise the code and get an idea of the kind of resources necessary to deploy the solution. The libraries written in Q# are available on GitHub and are provided with the necessary documentation. The Quantum Development Kit is deeply integrated with Visual Studio, Microsoft's suite of developer tools, so programmers can start coding for quantum computers in a familiar environment.
Todd Holmdahl, corporate VP in charge of the quantum computation efforts at Microsoft said, "What you're going to see as a developer is the opportunity to tie into tools that you already know well, services you already know well. There will be a twist with quantum computing, but it's our job to make it as easy as possible for the developers who know and love us to be able to use these new tools that could potentially do some things exponentially faster — which means going from a billion years on a classical computer to a couple hours on a quantum computer."
The Quantum Development Kit is just a part of Microsoft's plans to build a complete Quantum Computer System, which includes the hardware as well as a full software stack. Microsoft has not actually developed the hardware for quantum computation yet, but it is an ongoing effort. Once Microsoft builds a quantum computer, the solutions developed using the Quantum Development Kit can directly run on the hardware.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Township supervisors across Mountain Top, like those throughout the state, will hold their annual reorganization meetings Tuesday, Jan. 3.
Since 2016 was not a municipal election year, there won't be any new faces on the boards of supervisors, but that doesn't mean there won't be a few changes. At the reorganization meetings, supervisors elect officers, make appointments and set salaries of those employees not covered by union contracts.
When they meet at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Rice Township supervisors are expected to add duties of treasurer to those of its current secretary, Jeffrey Beck. Beck was named to the position of secretary in May following the resignation of Alicia Stier. Traditionally, municipal secretaries also hold the position of treasurer. However, when Stier was appointed to the post in 2015, they were not able to secure the necessary bond to handle the financial duties. Supervisors named Fairview Township secretary/treasurer Barbara Wasiakowski to the treasurer position, a post they held through the end of the year.
At last month's supervisors meeting, board chairperson Marcia Thomas announced the township intended to have Beck bonded in anticipation of naming them to the treasurer position. They thanked Wasiakowski for stepping in and helping the township with financial responsibilities.
Beck certainly has the background to handle the financial duties of the township. They hold a bachelor's degree in economics from Ursinus College and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Delaware. They worked at Advanta Corp./Advanta National Bank from 1986 to 2004. They retired as president and board director overseeing the general operation of the bank, a business credit card provider with approximately $3 billion in managed assets and a staff of around 750. Previously, they were assistant vice president of corporate development at the Wilmington Trust Co., in Wilmington, Delaware, from 1970 to 1980, and vice president of asset/liability management at the Fidelity Bank/Industrial Valley Bank & Trust Co. in Philadelphia from 1980 to 1986.
Following their retirement from banking, Beck was president and owner of Stratus Building Solutions of Delmarva, which developed more than 30 commercial cleaning franchise operations in Delaware, Maryland and New Jersey. They sold that business in 2013.
In addition to Thomas, other members of the Rice board are Robert Pipech and Rick Arnold. The board's regular meeting will follow the reorganization.
Fairview Township supervisors will reorganize at 7 p.m. Michael Iorio is a current chairperson of the board of supervisors. Other supervisors are Russ Marhold and Robert Orloski Jr. The board's regular meeting will follow the reorganization.
Wright Township supervisors will reorganize at 6 p.m. Louis Welebob Jr. is chairperson. Other members are Colleen Macko, Michael Marshall, Donald Zampetti and Jerry Uram. Their regular meeting will be at 7 p.m. Jan. 9.
Dorrance Township supervisors also will reorganize at 7 p.m. Tuesday. Gary Zane is chairperson. Other supervisors are William Wengrzynek and Kevin Gallagher.
Dorrance Township hopes for gaming grant
Dorrance Township supervisors are hoping to secure a Local Share Account (Gaming Grant) to upgrade the township park. The township has applied for $80,000 to replace outdated playground equipment, pave the basketball and tennis courts and install new picnic tables.
Compost Christmas trees one day only, Jan. 14
If you have a live Christmas tree, keep in mind the Mountain Top Council of Governments compost facility in the Crestwood Industrial Park will be open only on Saturday, Jan. 14 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. for disposal of trees. Trees must be unadorned. Lights, tinsel, balls and all other decorations must be removed.
Enjoy winter sports at Nescopeck State Park
Winter sports enthusiasts will be able to borrow snowshoes and cross-country skis free of charge at Nescopeck State Park.
Weather cooperating, beginning Jan. 7 and running through the end of February, equipment will be available seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. (excluding holidays).
There must be at least four inches of snow on the ground to use the skis and six inches of snow on the ground to use the snowshoes. You can call the park office or visit the Winter Report for current snow conditions: www.dcnr.state.pa.us/stateparks/winter-report/index.htm.
A valid driver's license must be provided by at least one person in the group. Equipment is loaned on a first come, first served basis and must be used on park property. Park staff will be available to give brief instruction upon request.
Park staff pointed out that snowshoes tend to kick up snow as you walk which can stick to your pants – do not wear cotton jeans or sweatpants. They recommend snow pants or an outer layer of rain pants so you'll stay warmer and drier. Snowshoes are strapped directly onto your shoes, so wear warm and waterproof boots if possible. The park provides specialized shoes for the skis, so wear warm socks. These activities work up a sweat, so dress in layers and bring water.
Pat Rushton writes about Mountain Top. Contact them at pat4psu@msn.com.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Arcturus Therapeutics Ltd:
* ARCTURUS THERAPEUTICS APPOINTS MARK HERBERT AS INTERIM PRESIDENT
* ARCTURUS THERAPEUTICS - APPOINTMENT OF MARK HERBERT AS INTERIM PRESIDENT FOLLOWS DECISION OF BOARD TO TERMINATE JOSEPH E. PAYNE AS PRESIDENT AND CEO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI: Three knife-wielding attackers have killed five people and injured five others in China's far western region of Xinjiang before police killed the "thugs", a regional government said.
The attack took place on Tuesday evening in Pishan county in the restive southern part of Xinjiang, the government of Hotan prefecture said in a short statement on its website early on Wednesday.
"At present, social order is normal at the site, society is stable, and investigation work is under way," it said, without giving further details about the attackers or their motive.
Hundreds of people have been killed in recent years in resource-rich Xinjiang, on the borders of central Asia and Pakistan, in violence between members of the ethnic Uighur minority and majority Han Chinese.
The government has blamed much of the unrest on separatist Islamist militants, although rights groups and exiles say anger at Chinese controls on the religion and culture of Muslim Uighurs is more to blame for the violence. China denies any repression in Xinjiang.
Hotan, a one-time Silk Road outpost, is considered part of the Uighur heartland.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Jeff Ney addresses school board about program cuts cv24ney Warren Ruda / The Citizens' Voice CHRISTOPHER DOLAN / THE CITIZENS' VOICE Wilkes-Barre Area School Board member Ned Evans is preparing a counterproposal that would ask the teachers union to agree to a 2-percent pay cut.
WILKES-BARRE — The union that represents Wilkes-Barre Area School District teachers would consider making concessions in its current agreement to save programs and jobs, union President Jeff Ney said Monday.
“The union is willing to sit down with the school board to discuss ways to prevent the elimination of any programs that our students need and deserve,” said Jeff Ney, a teacher at Solomon Plains Elementary/Junior High School and president of the Wilkes-Barre Area Education Association. “But any discussion that would lead to the negative impact of our membership would have to be voted upon by the union as a whole, as would any change to our current collective bargaining agreement.”
Ned Evans — the only board member who voted against eliminating library services and education programs in art, technology and family consumer sciences at the last board meeting on May 24 — is working on a counterproposal to keep the programs and save 37 jobs, approximately 6.5 percent of employees covered by the bargaining agreement.
Evans said they want the teachers union to agree to a 2-percent pay cut.
“It's put up or shut up time,” Evans said. “I'm not trying to do this for myself. I was elected to do the best I can for the kids.”
Evans also proposed reducing the cost of supplies — about $2.9 million a year — and merging sports at Coughlin and Meyers high schools. The district is eventually planning to merge the high schools in about five years, after a new high school facility is built.
School Board President Joe Caffrey said they are not aware of Evans' proposals, noting Evans is not on the board's budget committee.
Merging sports at Coughlin and Meyers in the 2016-17 school year is “not possible” because it would require “a significant amount of planning,” Caffrey said.
“We are always willing to discuss anything to be more efficient,” Caffrey said of working with the union to find other ways to save money.
The school board has proposed eliminating $4 million in expenses with a
$116.9 million budget for 2016-17. The budget also includes $1.5 million in added revenue from a 3.4 percent hike in the property tax rate and $4 million in borrowed funds from a bond issue.
The district avoided program and staff cuts this year by allocating $6 million in reserve funds to cover expenses. About $500,000 will be left in the surplus reserve on July 1, the first day of the next fiscal year, the proposed budget says.
The school board plans to adopt a final budget on June 28.
The board last week voted 8-1 to eliminate library services and education programs in art, technology and family consumer sciences.
Eliminating those programs, along with not replacing 17 of 20 retiring employees, would eliminate $4 million in expenses, officials have said.
About 45 percent of the current budget is spent on employee salaries, and 27 percent is spent on employee benefits.
A 2-percent pay cut could save more than $1 million.
About 570 employees are members of the teachers' union, and about 50 are administrators, Business Manager Leonard Przywara said.
The collective-bargaining agreement with the teachers' union expires in August 2017. The union agreement has a pay scale, and pay increases when teachers climb steps for years served and graduate credits earned.
Pay increases required by the agreement with the teachers' union will cost more than $500,000 next year, Przywara estimated.
Annual pay ranges from $44,365 to $84,239 in 2015-16. The range next year is $45,365 to $85,239.
The district should cut salaries for administrators if the union agrees to a 2-percent cut, Evans said.
The proposed budget for 2016-17 does not include pay increases for administrators because their Act 93 agreement on compensation is expiring, Przywara said.
The district could save more money next year if the teachers' union agreed to pay premium costs for health insurance or pay higher deductibles. Union members started paying deductibles for the first time in 2013: $150 for a single plan and $450 for a family plan. The deductibles have saved the district $2 million a year, Przywara said.
Evans said merging sports at Coughlin and Meyers could save more than $1 million next year. Przywara said it would save about $500,000.
“They can't do anything now. Not when it impacts classifications,” they said.
According to Frank Majikes, chairperson of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association District 2 athletic committee, “Obviously that will up the figures. That will not be permitted this cycle.”
Wilkes-Barre Area's proposed budget includes almost $2.1 million for student activities. Most of that allocation funds sports, Przywara said.
About $1.2 million is for salaries and benefits, and costs for purchased services — including transportation services, exceeding $680,000. Supplies for student activities cost $150,000.
Steve Bennett, staff writer, contributed to this report.
mbuffer@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2073, @cvmikebuffer
NEXT SCHOOL BOARD MEETING
When: June 28 — committee meetings at 5:30 p.m., regular board meetings at 7 p.m.
Where: Administration Building, 730 S. Main St., Wilkes-Barre
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Minister for Interior and Planning,
Development and Reform, Ahsan Iqbal on Friday urged for ensuring tangible outcomes of Pak-China industrial cooperation.
Chairing a meeting to review progress on Special Economic
Zones (SEZs), Minister Ahsan Iqbal directed all stakeholders to fast track the development of SEZs, complete land acquisition process and feasibilities.
They instructed the line ministries and provincial governments
to ensure concrete measures for provision of electricity, gas and other facilities to these SEZs.
“We need to transform these SEZs into an attractive
destination for foreign investment”, said Ahsan Iqbal, instructing
provinces to finalize their incentives plan for SEZs, in addition to
the incentives already announced by the federal government.
The zone authorities should create a competitive environment
for making this cooperation, a truly successful one, said Ahsan
Iqbal, emphasizing further to develop these zones on the basis of
feasibly studies and locally available resources.
Ahsan Iqbal said that a model and smart industrial park be
developed in Islamabad Capital Territory with consultation of
Islamabad and Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce.
The minister instructed the provinces to opt for best and
feasible financing model, ensuring maximum benefits from relocation
of labor intensive industries from China to Asia and subsequent
recreation of 85 million jobs.
Ahsan Iqbal underlined need of vibrant Board of Investment and
asked the officials of BOI to prepare reform package in accordance
with prevailing needs and circumstances.
During the meeting, BOI officials briefed the participants
regarding the visit of Chinese SEZs experts' group, scheduled in the
second week of October.
The experts would conduct training workshops besides holding
meeting with Pakistan's experts on industrial development sector.
Ahsan Iqbal instructed that all efforts be made to conduct
meaningful workshops and meetings during the visit of Chinese Expert
Group.
They issued instruction to undertake determined efforts
regarding industrial cooperation for bringing out tangible outcomes
prior to 7th JCC Meeting.
The meeting was attended by senior officials form line
ministries and provincial governments. On this occasion, the
provincial authorities briefed the meeting about their respective
SEZs.
Liverpool and England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's hopes of heading to the World Cup are in doubt after they suffered a what appeared to be a serious injury in the 5-2 win over AS Roma in their Champions League semi-final, first leg on Tuesday.
LIVERPOOL, England: Liverpool and England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's hopes of heading to the World Cup are in doubt after they suffered a what appeared to be a serious injury in the 5-2 win over AS Roma in their Champions League semi-final, first leg on Tuesday.
The 24-year-old, who joined Liverpool from Arsenal in August, was carried off on a stretcher in the 18th minute after making a sliding tackle on Roma full-back Aleksandar Kolarov.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said the England international's season looked to be over.
"Yes, that is how it is, unfortunately. All the medical department is quite concerned even without a scan and the season is not that long anymore," they said.
"It's probably a really bad injury. If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course," they said.
“We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
England's opening World Cup game in Russia is on June 18.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)
According to Professor Richard Foster from Yale University, the average life of a public company today is only 15 years, down from 67 in the 1920s. So, companies that can get past the 15-year high watermark deserve extra attention from investors — clearly, they're doing something right. This why I believe that RWS Holdings (LSE: RWS) is one stock investors should not ignore. The firm has chalked up 13 unbroken years of profit, revenue and dividend growth since coming to the market in 2003. And it just reported yet another set of record-beating figures. Unstoppable growth RWS is the world leader in translation,…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
According to Professor Richard Foster from Yale University, the average life of a public company today is only 15 years, down from 67 in the 1920s. So, companies that can get past the 15-year high watermark deserve extra attention from investors — clearly, they're doing something right.
This why I believe that RWS Holdings (LSE: RWS) is one stock investors should not ignore. The firm has chalked up 13 unbroken years of profit, revenue and dividend growth since coming to the market in 2003. And it just reported yet another set of record-beating figures.
Unstoppable growth
RWS is the world leader in translation, intellectual property, life sciences and language support services. Over the past decade-and-a-half, the business has grown organically and through bolt-on acquisitions, which have helped speed up expansion.
For the year ended September 30, the firm now expects revenue to be “not less” than £163m, up 34% from last year's £122m. Management also believes that pre-tax profit is set to come in “ahead” of market expectations as all divisions have “performed strongly” in the year.
The bulk of this growth has come from the birth of RWS's new Life Science business, formed by the acquisition and merger of CTi (acquired in November 2015 for $70m) and LUZ Inc (bought in February for $83m).
It looks as if management expects the positive trading environment to continue into the new year. Commenting on today's trading update, Andrew Brode, Chairman said: “Both our financial and market positions remain strong and we continue to see an interesting pipeline of acquisition opportunities to complement our organic growth.” They continued: “There is strong momentum in the business and we are, therefore, confident of further significant progress in the new financial year.”
Worth paying for?
Unfortunately, RWS's growth story is well-known, and shares in the company command a premium valuation. Indeed, at the time of writing, the shares trade at a forward P/E of 28.6 (based on current City estimates, which may be out of date considering the above).
This valuation, while dear, is easy to justify considering the firm's historical growth.
Over the past four years, earnings per share have expanded at a compound annual growth rate of 16.1%. If this rate of growth continues, the firm is on track to earn 25p per share by 2022 and 46.2p by 2026. If the shares continue to trade at a multiple of 28 times, this implies that the stock could be worth 1,294p within eight years, a return of 15% per annum for investors from current prices, excluding dividends.
Overall then, it looks as if shares in RWS are worth paying a premium for today. Over the past 13 years, the company has proved that it has what it takes to survive and produce returns for investors, and I believe that barring any significant slip-ups, this can continue.
As the group continues to expand, investors should be well rewarded.
Jump to a Region
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
It seems the rumors are true, with Universal Pictures setting a July 26, 2019 release date for a currently-untitled Fast and Furious Spin-Off, which will star Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham. This comes just one day after the studio pushed its Fast & Furious 9 release date up a whole year, from April 19, 2019 to April 10, 2020. It was rumored that the release date was pushed because of this long-rumored spin-off, which lies at the heart of a feud between Dwayne Johnson and Tyrese Gibson.
We first reported on this spin-off back in April, which brings together Luke Hobbs and Deckard Shaw (Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham). This spin-off was even teased in The Fate of the Furious post-credit scene that was never shown in the film, because Vin Diesel was reportedly not pleased with the scene and vetoed it. The scene in question featured both Hobbs and Shaw bantering together, with the April report claiming that the studio wanted to get this spin-off going while they figured out what to do with Fast & Furious 9, which still doesn't have a director attached. No plot details have been given yet, except that this story will feature both Hobbs, a U.S. Diplomatic Security agent, teaming up with the former villain Shaw.
Both Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham were rather late additions to the Fast & Furious franchise, with The Rock coming aboard as Hobbs in 2011's Fast Five, where they were originally pursuing Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) and their team, before ultimately joining the team. Deckard Shaw was first introduced at the end of Fast & Furious 6, where it was revealed that they were the mysterious driver that killed Han (Sung Kang) at the very end of the third movie, Tokyo Drift. Both characters interacted with each other while locked up in prison in The Fate of the Furious, and now we'll seemingly get to see how they work together while not locked up behind bars.
This project also created a new feud between Tyrese Gibson, who has played Roman Pearce since 2003's 2 Fast 2 Furious, took to social media to where Tyrese begged Dwayne Johnson to drop this spin-off, stating that the whole cast is a family, and that they don't, "fly solo." Tyrese's pleas were made after with The Rock posted photos from their "GSD table" (Get s--t done table) of the actor signing some documents, although it seems those pleas fell on deaf ears. After the release date was pushed yesterday, the Tyrese and The Rock feud got worse, with Tyrese congratulating The Rock for making the franchise all about him.
Regardless of the brewing feud, this spin-off is happening, although it remains to be seen when, or if, Dwayne Johnson will publicly respond to Tyrese's messages on social media. Unfortunately, Deadline didn't reveal any story details about this project, but its July 26, 2019 release date puts it up against an untitled Terminator project, along with an untitled Sony Pictures Animation project. As reported back in April, Fast & Furious franchise writer Chris Morgan will be tackling the scripting duties, although it remains to be seen who will direct.
After making their first soup at home when they were nine years old, cooking became a passion for Ebru Omurcalı. Later, luck led them to the diet and nutrition profession. Omurcalı is the supervisor chef for Turkey's National Football Team. Everything that the national team eats or drinks in camps must pass their approval and come from their hands. They have published 10 books about food and food culture. A new one just came out. With a wide selection of traditional syrups, tea varieties, various non-alcoholic fruit cocktails and special mixtures of athletic drinks, the 450-page-book, "Drinks" (İçecekler), is more encyclopedia than book with recipes and information.
Large family triggered their passion for food
Omurcalı's passion for food and food culture comes from their mother who is from Bolu and father who is originally from Rumelia. With a large family in Bolu, they got used to hosting guests at crowded tables for breakfast, tea and dinner. So, they had to become a regular in the kitchen.
"The adventure that started with fetching things from the kitchen continued with making stuffed green leaves, closing raviolis, arranging the cellar and making some dishes when I grew up a bit. In fact, my first meal was soup, and my grandmother called me 'my soup girl' because they liked it very much," said Omurgalı, recalling their first years in the family kitchen.
With their passion sparked at a very early age, Omurgalı knew they wanted to do something related to Turkish cuisine. But their academic life took them first to Istanbul University Faculty of Economics and then the Marmara University MBA (Master of Business Administration). "But my interest in good food was always too much," Omurgalı said, adding they began to take private lessons from expert chefs about 20 years ago. "These lessons are still ongoing at home and abroad."
Supervisor chef for the Turkish National Team
Them passion for food culture and nutrients and of course writing cookbooks introduced them to the Turkish National Football Team. After their book "The Book of Pasta" (Makarna'nın Kitabı) caught the attention of the directors of the team, they began to be invited to the camps regularly.
The nutritionist with Everton's Cenk Tosun.
"The first year was not easy for me. It is not easy for us to get used to each other and gain working habits in different cuisines while traveling the world. I tried not to reflect the difficulties on the team," they said.
It is important to feed qualified carbohydrates in performance sports and football. Thus, Omurcalı prepares the team's nutrition program with the health team:  They are the supervisor chef responsible for feeding the team.
Explaining their job with the national team, Omurcalı said:
"We camp in Turkey and in different countries and compete throughout the year. No matter where we go, our nutrition program must continue. Wherever we go, I study the country in terms of eating and drinking culture. I learn the kitchen features and the equipment of the place where we'll stay. Then comes menu planning. The menu I plan goes through the control of our health team. The menu is sent after confirmation. If there are hard products to make on the menu, the prescription phase starts. I prepare a mini recipe book for almost every camp."
Local flavors are a must while traveling
Omurcalı includes local flavors in the diet for the footballers - as long as it does not disturb their regular diets. Omurcalı also takes advice from the head coach, as it is teamwork after all.
"I absolutely get their opinions and approval whether they have a specific plan for the team and proceed accordingly. Because the football player's nutrition plan is in a certain system, we do not have major differences in the way we work, during either the Fatih Terim or Mircea Lucescu period."
When asked whether footballers have favorite dishes or not, Omurcalı said they have but they know what to ask for and what not to ask for.
"I have worked with our football players for almost five years. I have information about what each of them loves or dislikes separately. However, they now know that their nutrition affects their success, and they are extremely careful. The pasta buffet is our pleasure. Different sauces, fresh vegetables, smoked meats, chicken and fish meet with pasta. Everyone sets the contents of the plate according to their own taste, and we enjoy it."
Travelling abroad with the team and preparing a certain program in a country where they cannot find the right ingredients for footballers means Omurcalı has larger luggage than others. Yet, they try to limit what to take with them and mostly prefers local flavors.
"I only take white cheese, olives and Turkish coffee abroad. In many parts of the world, it is now possible to find every material. I prefer working with local ingredients and products," they added.
Memories collected at the camps
While working with the team, Omurcalı has collected many memories with footballers watched admiringly on TV and in stadiums. And the most unforgettable for Omurcalı is the event that took place in the first camp they attended.
"We were in the Bosnian camp, and we started to plan our food in the kitchen the first evening. I had a nice team, but it was my first time managing a kitchen in a different country. I could not really do it. Mealtime was approaching, and unfortunately, many things did not quite finish on time. Even the buffet could not be set up. After training, it was time for meals, and everyone would be hungry. I felt dizzy as I thought about it. When the team arrived, I could not stop crying my eyes out. I was met with great understanding even if the food did not finish on time. We finished our meal with the dishes on hand. This experience was a good lesson on what I should and should not do. That is why I never give concessions to kitchen planning."
KUWAIT CITY: A court in Kuwait on Monday (Jan 2) sentenced a couple to death after finding them guilty of torturing their three-year-old daughter until they died, it said in a statement.
The parents, both Kuwaitis, were arrested in May and accused of beating and torturing the girl until they died and then keeping their body in a freezer for a week.
The court statement only gave the verdict but, according to media reports at the time of their arrest, they had been annoyed by their daughter's constant crying.
The father, 26-year-old Salem Buhan, and mother, 23-year-old Amira Hussein, were charged with murder after police found burn marks on the shoulders and legs of the toddler's body, according to the interior ministry.
The ministry also said they were drug addicts.
The verdict is not final as it must be reviewed by the appeals and supreme courts.
Executions in Kuwait are carried out by hanging.
Barring the execution of five men in mid-2013, the Gulf emirate has stopped executing people since 2007 although dozens of men and women are on death row.
FRANKFURT: The supervisory board of Deutsche Bank has voiced support for its chairperson, Paul Achleitner, who has come under fire for their handling of management changes at the bank.
"The entire Supervisory Board has never had, and still does not have, any doubts concerning Dr. Achleitner's comprehensive personal and professional skills and integrity," the board said in a document posted to Deutsche Bank's website on Tuesday.
The statement came in response to an item added recently to the agenda of the bank's annual general meeting, due on May 24, that calls for Achleitner's removal from the board.
The agenda item was added at the behest of an investor, Riebeck-Brauerei, which said that the recent replacement of Deutsche Bank Chief Executive John Cryan with Christian Sewing was a "very unprofessional process" led by Achleitner that was "driven solely by self-preservation".
The supervisory board urged shareholders to vote against the proposal to oust Achleitner. The board has "full confidence in their performance", according to the document.
(Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Advertisement
A day after actor-producer Priyanka Chopra got a notice from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for an illegal construction, their mother Madhu Chopra's spokesperson said on Wednesday the "the required appropriate measures" were being taken."We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," Madhu's spokesperson said in a statement.According to a report, Priyanka got a notice from the BMC on Tuesday for unauthorised construction in the premises of their Oshiwara office and the adjoining commercial premises rented out by them
A war of words has surfaced between mayoral candidates Naheed Nenshi and Bill Smith centering on the future of Calgary Transit's LRT expansion.
The Green Line transit project, in its current form, has been approved by city council and nearly $3 billion in funding has been pledged by the federal and provincial levels of government.
On Friday, Smith referred to the decision to build only a fraction of the proposed Green Line, constructing 20 kilometres of the orginally planned 46 kilometres of track, at a cost greater than the estimated budget for the entire project as a boondoggle. Smith says they want to scrap the plans for the project in its current form.
“I'm not saying no to the Green Line,” said Smith. “What I'm saying is the objective of the Green Line is to move people, move Calgarians, from one part of the city to the other. The idea was to initially move them from the south hospital right to the north end of the city for $4.5 billion. Well apparently we can't do that for $4.5 billion so we (only) get 20 kilometres of line.”
The initial leg of the Green Line will see trains travelling between the Shepard Industrial Park in the city's southeast and the intersection of 16 Avenue and Centre Street North with plans to expand the line northward and southward in the years to come.
“I think what we need to do is take a look at this and go ‘Are we going to move people south to the city centre?' or ‘Are we going to move them from the north to the city centre?',” said Smith. “Pick one or the other, not the in between.”
Calgary's incumbent mayor referred to Smith's plan to halt the largest infrastructure project in Calgary's history as ‘shocking' and ‘remarkably, breathtakingly uninformed'
“For someone who never went to an info session, never bothered to attend a council or committee meeting or who's never before raised a question about it in Mayoral forums, to come up and say something so uninformed, its reckless and dangerous and it runs the risk of snuffing out our fragile economic recovery," said Nenshi. “Mr Smith never said it in a forum, they never said it in front of an audience, but they have now announced that they are going to cancel the Green Line."
“It really shows Mr. Smith's habit of repeating what the last person they talked to said.”
Brian Mason, Alberta's Minister of Infrastructure, says the pledged funds should not be viewed as a blank check to the City of Calgary.
"We're not going to give carte blanche approval of $1.5 billion of provincial public money unless we have a definite alignment approved by the council, a budget and a design," said Mason. "If they want to change that alignment, we'll have to begin that process again."
In addition to potentially jeopardizing the $3 billion in funding from the province and the federal government, Nenshi says cancelling the Green Line at this time would result in ‘unthinkable costs'.
“The engineering work has been done, $100 million has been sunk in, the enormous amounts of engagement that's been done – it would all would have to be scrapped, all of it,” said Nenshi. “You would have to start all over again and, to me, it's just unimaginable in terms of the time and the money."
"It is reckless it is uninformed to try and pull back on such an important project for Calgary."
After listing the potential losses that would result from scrapping the Green Line work, Nenshi made a less than flattering comparison between their opponent and a controversial man who had served as Toronto's mayor.
"This is oddly reminiscent of another football player who ran for mayor who decided to cancel an already funded transit plan,” said Nenshi, “and, after Rob Ford became mayor, seven years later there's still no plan for a subway or LRT in Scarborough."
Smith chose not to issue a response after hearing of the comparison to the late Toronto mayor.
With files from CTV's Stephanie Wiebe
As the school year begins to draw to a close, the KSS Music Department is gearing up for its final public performances. Thursday May 10th will showcase the Department's musical and vocal talents in jazz. The evening will feature KSS Jazz Combos (grade 10, 11, 12), the STAGES Quartet (recently performing on OK TV), and the KSS Vocal Jazz Ensemble. Special Guest Bria Skonberg – Master Vocalist, Trumpeter & Songwriter – will also join the stage. Doors open at 6:30pm; Concert at 7:00pm. Tickets: Adults $25 / Students $15. Available at the door, from KSS students, or by email: sheila.french@sd23.bc.ca. Cash bar and snacks also available for purchase.
BOGOTA: A former Colombian member of congress detained on accusations they received millions in bribes from Brazilian engineering firm Odebrecht SA denied on Tuesday that a US$1 million (£803,140) portion of the money was given to President Juan Manuel Santos' 2014 campaign.
Attorney General Nestor Humberto Martinez said last week that part of US$4.6 million allegedly paid to ex-Liberal Party Senator Otto Bula Bula by Odebrecht was sent to Santos' campaign management.
Martinez later said their office had only the testimony of Bula, who was arrested last month on charges of bribery and illicit enrichment, to substantiate the allegations.
But Bula said via a hand-written letter released by the electoral commission, which is investigating the allegations, that they had not given money to the campaign.
"It is not true, it is not a fact, I have not said that the money I turned over ... was a contribution to the Santos presidential campaign," the letter said.
Bula's testimony will likely end the commission's investigation into the campaign, which secured a second four-year term for Santos, judicial sources said.
The campaign of Santos' right-wing rival Oscar Ivan Zuluaga is also under investigation by the commission for allegedly receiving US$2 million from Odebrecht. Zuluaga was the candidate of the Democratic Center opposition party.
Parties may be disbanded and prevented from backing candidates if a campaign is found guilty of electoral violations.
Odebrecht pleaded guilty in U.S. court and agreed to pay a US$3.5 billion penalty for paying hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes in association with projects in 12 countries, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela.
Bula is accused of working to ensure higher-priced tolls on a highway project on behalf of Odebrecht in exchange for bribes.
Gabriel Garcia Morales, a former vice minister of transport, has also been arrested for allegedly receiving US$6.5 million in bribes from Odebrecht in 2009.
(Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta; Writing by Julia Symmes Cobb; Editing by Helen Murphy and Lisa Shumaker)
SINGAPORE: The nation laid to rest one of its first-generation leaders, the late Mr Othman Wok, on Tuesday afternoon (Apr 18).
The body of the former Cabinet minister, who died on Monday afternoon at the age of 92, left their family home at about 11.55am on Tuesday.
Mr Othman's casket was moved to the Sultan Mosque at North Bridge Road for the funeral prayer, where it was received by pallbearers including Minister-in-charge of Muslim Affairs Yaacob Ibrahim.
Othman Wok's body arrives at Masjid Sultan for funeral prayers, with Minister Yaacob Ibrahim one of the pallbearers https://t.co/Ocr6Y9z6Dq pic.twitter.com/l25MOWMIDe — justin (@JustinOngCNA) April 18, 2017
Upon arrival at the mosque, the state flag was draped over Mr Othman's casket, the highest state honour.
This was done in the presence of their family as well as Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and other Cabinet ministers.
Their casket was also accompanied by the Order of Nila Utama (2nd Class) that was awarded to him.
PM @leehsienloong and other cabinet ministers witness the draping ceremony for Othman Wok's coffin https://t.co/Ocr6Y9z6Dq pic.twitter.com/qq1hNFjAJt — justin (@JustinOngCNA) April 18, 2017
Following the funeral prayers, Mr Othman's casket was transported in the pouring rain to a gun carriage to begin its journey to the burial site at the Choa Chu Kang Muslim Cemetery.
After funeral prayers at Masjid Sultan, Othman Wok's casket moved to gun carriage to begin procession to cemetery https://t.co/Ocr6Y9hvLS pic.twitter.com/Tq337RfhvA — justin (@JustinOngCNA) April 18, 2017
At the cemetery, it was received by a coffin-bearer party comprising nine officers from the army, navy, air force and police force.
Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan was among the first office holders and Members of Parliament to arrive at the Pusara Abadi Muslim Cemetery along Lim Chu Kang Road. Foreign Affairs Minister Vivian Balakrishnan and Minister Yaacob Ibrahim arrived shortly after.
Members of Parliament at the Muslim cemetry to pay their last respects to the late Mr Othman. (Photo: Monica Kotwani)
Mr Othman's coffin arrived just after 3pm, where it was transported from the gun carriage to the burial site.
Mr Othman Wok's casket arrives at Pusara Abadi. (Photo: Monica Kotwani)
As the state-assisted ceremony drew to a close, the coffin bearer party presented the state flag to Mr Othman's daughter.
The coffin-bearer party saluting the casket of Mr Othman Wok before The Last Post was played. (Photo: Monica Kotwani)
Against a light drizzle and gloomy clouds, the former Cabinet Minister's family and close friends cupped their hands in an emotional prayer as their body was lowered into the ground.
A memorial service for Mr Othman, organised by OnePeople.sg for invited guests, will be held on Wednesday at 6.30pm at Victoria Concert Hall.
ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - A statue of the Beatles in the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar could be at risk amid an alleged land grab, protesters say, as rapid development turns a city once famed for wide open spaces into a cluttered metropolis.
Residents are protesting against plans to build commercial properties in an area known as Beatles Square, where a bronze bas-relief monument to the "Fab Four" commemorates the former Soviet satellite's transition to democracy in 1990.
"For a long time there were stories about construction on the land, but nobody wanted to believe it," said Tsoggerel Uyanga, a community organiser and senior partner at research group MAD Investment Solutions.
The monument, erected in 2008 with donations from politicians, business people and artists, marks the site where Mongolians gathered to talk about banned Western pop music and soon became a quirky tourist attraction.
The music of the Beatles, Abba, and other Western pop groups helped launch the "Rock and Roll Communist Revolution" that inspired a generation to fight for Mongolian democracy thirty years ago.
The protests began after an August 2 announcement that construction work would start, with residents calling the project a "land grab" and expressing fears the Beatles statue could be moved or even demolished.
Authorities have defended the development as part of a "car-free street" project to build an underground shopping complex complete with street gardens.
A statue of the Beatles is seen in front of a shopping centre in Mongolia's capital, Ulaanbaatar, August 9, 2017. Terrence Edwards
A lawyer for Mongolia's National Construction Association said there were no plans to remove the Beatles statue, however.
"By implementing the project, there are a great deal of advantages, such as increasing jobs and reducing traffic congestion," said D. Uuganbayar, the lawyer.
The national association, the city government and a private contractor called "Buti" are leading the project.
Congestion and pollution have grown in the capital as its population has doubled over the last two decades, with thousands of impoverished herders flocking to settle in makeshift residential areas.
The strain on Ulaanbaatar's infrastructure has forced the city to rethink its planning of urban spaces, and drawn criticism for the sale of public land to wealthy buyers.
Investors have failed in the past to deliver on promises to protect public spaces affected by development, Uyanga said, pointing to the Bogd Khan conservation area where the World Bank had raised concerns about overdevelopment.
"It became a black market for land authorities during the early democratic years," said Uyanga.
Irwin lauded Rwanda's political stability, peace and security as some of the factors responsible for the increased appetite for investors to come and do …
Rwead more
Photo by Dan Cruz Photo by Dan Cruz Photo by Dan Cruz Submitted photo
The Alton Redbirds boys basketball team remained undefeated in Southwestern Conference play after pulling off a 75-71 win over the East St. Louis Flyers on Friday at AHS.
The Redbirds are tied for first with Belleville West at 3-0 in the conference standings. They also had league wins over O'Fallon and Granite City.
Alton also improved to 5-1 with the win over the Flyers. St. Mary's handed the Redbirds their only loss on Nov. 25 at the Alton Tip-Off Classic.
The Redbirds are gunning for their fifth straight winning season. They were 16-12 last year.
Five Alton players scored in double figures against East Side, which beat the Redbirds twice last year. Malik Smith and Donovan Clay each had 16 points, Ahmad Sanders scored 13 points, Darrell Smith chipped in 11 and Kevin Caldwell, Jr. added 10.
The Redbirds return to action at 7:30 p.m. Friday with a home game against Collinsville.
BOYS BASKETBALL
Granite City 74, Trinity Grammar School (Australia) 43
Edwardsville 45, Collinsville 42
Metro East Lutheran 50, Gibault 43
Nokomis 71, Metro East Lutheran 24
O'Fallon 53, Granite City 34
Father McGivney 59, Brussels 32
Pana 56, Roxana 54
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Edwardsville 44, Normal Community 33
WRESTLING
Granite City 50, Quincy 27
Granite City 71, Murphysboro 12
Granite City 58, Olney 20
Granite City 68, Lawrenceville 12
Edwardsville 39, St. Rita 33
Edwardsville 30, Lincoln-Way East 28
Yorkville 34, Edwardsville 30
“To MUNCH” PONTIAC INVITATIONAL – The Civic Memorial Eagles finished third in the “The Munch” Pontiac Invitational over the weekend thanks to first-place finishes from three wrestlers.The Eagles finished with 186.5 points in the 20-team meet. Prairie Central placed first with 282.5 points and Normal Community came in second with 187.
Brothers Caine Tyus (106) and Caleb Tyus (113) and Peyton Bechtold (145) each won titles, Housten Armbruster (106) and Dillon Dublo (138) came in fourth, Brady Christeson was fifth at 152, Hunter Thornton placed sixth at 195 and Vinny Cafazza finished eighth at 170.
BOWLING
Marquette Catholic 40, Steeleville 0
SOUTHERN ILLINOIS BOWL CHALLENGE – Alton placed 10th with a combined pin total of 10,760 at the Southern Illinois Bowl Challenge.
The Redbird boys finished second in the gold division and the girls came in second in the silver division.
In the boys division, Justin Milliman bowled the 10th highest game with a 266 and Derek Hendderson shot the 12th highest series with a 1,290.
In the girls division, Alex Bergin bowled the eighth highest game with a 237 and finished with a 1,303, good for second place.
Edwardsville placed 14th with a 9,737. The Tigers boys and girls got fourth-place finishes in the silver division.
New Delhi: Actor-turned-politician Shatrughan Sinha on Monday questioned prime minister Narendra Modi for spinning "unsubstantiated and unbelievable" stories against political opponents.
Sinha's comments came a day after Modi said Congress leaders met the Pakistani high commissioner in New Delhi.
Hon'ble Sir!
Just to win elections anyhow, and that too at the fag end of the process, is it a must to come up with & endorse new, unsubstantiated & unbelievable stories everyday against political opponents? Now linking them to Pak High Commissioner & Generals?! Incredible!.1>2 — Shatrughan Sinha (@ShatruganSinha) December 11, 2017
Modi on Sunday had accused a group of Congress leaders of meeting the Pakistan High Commissioner at Mani Shankar Aiyar's residence before the latter called them (Modi) "neech". Addressing an election rally at Sanand, Modi said the meeting at Aiyar's residence was also attended by former Indian vice president Hamid Ansari and former prime minister Manmohan Singh.
Continuing their attack on the Congress, Modi said, "There was a meeting convened at Aiyar's residence where Pakistan's high commissioner, Pakistan's foreign minister, Ansari and Manmohan Singh were present. The meeting lasted three hours." The next day Mani Shankar said I am a 'neech'," said the prime minister. Aiyar was promptly suspended from the Congress' primary membership. They also apologised for their comment. Sinha also advised the prime minister to stop communalising the atmosphere and return to the promises that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) made in the 2014 general elections.
Sir! Instead of new twists & turns, stories & cover ups, let's go straight to the promises that we made, regarding housing, development, employment of youth, health, "Vikas model". Lets stop communalising the atmosphere & go back to healthy politics & healthy elections. Jai Hind! — Shatrughan Sinha (@ShatruganSinha) December 11, 2017
Sinha, a former union minister has been vocal against the policies of the Modi government, especially demonetisation and the Goods and Services Tax.
London: Venus Williams praised Wimbledon chiefs after the tournament's much-maligned schedule-makers finally gave female stars top billing on Wednesday.
For the first time in 25 years, there were more women's matches than men's on Wimbledon's six show courts in a single day of play.
There were 11 women's ties scheduled compared to 10 for men as Venus and their sister Serena Williams, along with World No 2 Caroline Wozniacki and former US Open finalist Karolina Pliskova, were given the spotlight.
On Centre Court and Court One, Wimbledon's two biggest stadiums, two women's singles matches, including Venus and seven-time winner Serena, entertained the sell-out crowd in each prestigious arena, alongside only one man's match in each.
After years of being criticised for prioritising male stars like Roger Federer and Andy Murray, Wimbledon bosses have bowed to pressure and Venus, a five-time champion at the grass-court Grand Slam, was quick to salute the move.
"I was really overjoyed when I saw the schedule for today. We have a lot of equal play on the main courts in the other three Grand Slams," Venus said after their second-round win over Alexandra Dulgheru on Court One.
"It was just fantastic to see Wimbledon also follow suit. It's wonderful to hopefully have that continue, to have equal for the men and the women."
Wimbledon chief executive Richard Lewis had defended their match selection policy earlier this week, saying the "marquee" matches were given top priority regardless of the sex of the competitors.
Whether women continue to get equal playing time on Centre and Court One remains to be seen.
Former Wimbledon champion Chris Evert suggested the men's and women's finals could alternate between the final Saturday and Sunday of the tournament.
Since 1969, the men's final has been played the day after the women's final, and Lewis has already quashed any suggestion of that changing.
Milestone
For now, Venus, 38, settled for acknowledging a welcome milestone for their peers, one that followed their own campaigning in previous years to try to secure equal prize money for both men and women at Grand Slams.
"I haven't thought about the pride level. I think it's just about being able to be a part of something bigger than yourself. Tennis will go on long after I'm done," the World No 9 said.
"I just want to see the sport rise, not just women or men, but just tennis in general."
"It's wonderful to see women rise, and I'd like to see these tournaments just get bigger and better."
Hinting that they could take a role in shaping the future of tennis herself, Venus added, "I believe in tennis we can market our players, we can try to find a way to market our players better because that grows the sport.
"I think that would probably be one of the biggest changes. I happen to love branding, not like research marketing, leave that for someone else."
"But perhaps I see myself in that sort of position after I'm done, or even now I think is a good time to maybe put into practice what I've learned from my businesses into tennis."
The Squamish Nation elected a new council that saw eight new faces emerge victorious, while eight others were re-elected.
“For a lot of community members, there was a feeling for change,” said newly-elected councillor Dustin Rivers, whose traditional name is Khelsilem.
They helped to form a nine-candidate slate called the “New Nine,” as a way of adding new and younger voices to council.
READ MORE: Squamish Nation goes to court over Trans Mountain
“I think it's a testament to our young people,” Khelsilem said. “We had the most [number of] people under 35 that have ever run before. We had 17 candidates under the age of 35.”
Out of a total of 1,350 votes, Khelsilem said close to 200 were first-time voters: “Forty per cent of our voting population is under 35.”
Out of the nine candidates running in the slate, eight were elected for council. Khelsilem said this is the first time so many new councillors have been elected.
READ MORE: No more stink: North Shore sewage treatment plant to be relocated in $700M project
“I think this was born out of wanting a council that makes big decisions but still consults our people before they make big decisions,” said Khelsilem.
They said the top issue for Squamish Nation members – like many people in B.C. – is housing affordability.
And just like in Vancouver, it's an an area that council will have to tackle.
~With files from Charmaine de Silva
Share:
ISLAMABAD - Just days prior to completing its five years term, the federal government on Tuesday announced first national food security policy, claiming it will reduce hunger from the country.
Talking to media, on Federal Minister for National Security and Research Sikandar Hayat Bosan said that the policy would address all aspects of food security , including alleviation of poverty, eradicating hunger and malnutrition, promotion of sustainable food production systems and making agriculture more productive, profitable, climate resilient and competitive.
The minister announced setting up of a National Food Security Council under the chairpersonship of the Prime Minister with the chief ministers and representatives from relevant government agencies to review the state of food security and take appropriate policy measures.
They said food availability will be ensured through increase in production of food items. Measures will be taken to improve farmers' access to quality inputs like seed, fertilisers, pesticides, credit etc. Furthermore, improved farm techniques and good agriculture practices will also be promoted and issues like land and water management will also be addressed. They said that the policy would also cover the issue of food losses and wastage.
They said that their government not only increased food production but achieved a surplus status. They said due to access crop, potato is being exported to Russian states. They said ground realities must be considered before criticising the government.
They said that since the creation of Pakistan, there has been no policy framework to address the challenges of national food security . The present government focused on this issue and assigned priority to formulate a strategic policy framework in collaboration with the provincial governments, international organisations and other relevant stakeholders, they added.
REUTERS: Sampdoria forward Fabio Quagliarella would like to settle down and end their career at the Genoa-based club after switching teams several times in their career, they told Sky Sport on Monday.
The former Italy international, capped 25 times, joined Sampdoria in February after 18 months at Torino. They previously had a one-year spell at the club in 2006-07.
"I hope, first of all, to extend my contract with Sampdoria because it expires in June ... I don't think that there should be problems for the renewal," the 33-year-old said.
"For superstition though I will not say the words 'end of career' because in the past I have changed many shirts," they added.
Quagliarella, who spent four years with Juventus from 2010-14, has scored 100 goals in Italy's top division.
Sampdoria, 13th in the standings, travel to third-placed Napoli on Saturday, their first Serie A game after the holiday break.
(Reporting by Silvia Recchimuzzi in Gdynia, editing by Ed Osmond)
Dr. Margaret Savage Crisis Centre Bonnyville Community Support office is hosting an open house for residents to come out and learn more about what the organization offers to the community.
The centre in Bonnyville opened about a year ago to educate the residents in that area.
“Our community support program is really about prevention and education and raising awareness,” said resource development coordinator with the Dr. Savage Crisis Centre Serina Parsons.
Since it opened, the centre has assisted many residents and wants to focus more on networking with the community as its new to Bonnyville.
“It is a networking event for people to come in and speak with members of our community support team and as well as the director and myself to ask any questions they may have,” they said.
The centre runs in conjunction with many organizations in the community and the open house is running in partnership with the Bonnyville and District FCSS.
The Dr. Margaret Savage Crisis Centre in Cold Lake operates as an emergency centre for women and children who are fleeing domestic violence while Joie's Phoenix House assists with independent living in an apartment for up to a year.
“We have an emergency shelter which really deals with emergencies and immediate needs then we have Joie's which helps women and their children for their future and break that cycle of domestic violence,” adding the new centre in Bonnyville is taking a pro-active approach in the community as it educates the local residents about issues related to domestic violence.
They explained these programs are important to the community and the open house will help the organization members network with the community and develop more resources which will be beneficial in the long run.
“The centre can help and it includes one-on-one support because not everyone requires our residential services but they're still maybe experiencing domestic violence one way or another,” they said.
mlulla@postmedia.com
(Reuters) - More than half of trial patients with an advanced, aggressive form of blood cancer lived for at least a year after one-time treatment with Yescarta, a novel therapy sold by Gilead Sciences Inc, according to study results presented on Sunday.
The logo of Gilead Sciences Inc is pictured during a news conference in New Delhi September 15, 2014. Picture taken September 15, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
Yescarta, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in October for aggressive large B-cell lymphoma that did not respond to other treatments, is part of a new class known as chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies, or CAR-Ts, designed to reprogram the body's own immune cells to recognize and attack malignant cells.
Follow-up on 108 patients treated with Yescarta showed that 42 percent remained in remission after a median of 15 months, and 56 percent were still alive, according to research presented in Orlando at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology.
“This is an extremely valuable therapy for some patients who have no other options,” said Dr Frederick Locke, vice chair of the department of blood and marrow transplant and cellular immunotherapy at Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida and the trial's co-lead investigator.
They said patients who achieve remission after receiving Yescarta tend to stay in remission, but more work needs to be done to determine why some do not respond to the cell therapy.
After analyzing tumor tissue from before and after treatment in patients who relapsed, the researchers found that in a third of patients the CD19 protein targeted by Yescarta was no longer present on cancer cells. Also, more than two-thirds of tumors showed evidence of another protein, PDL1, likely helping the cancer cells survive.
Gilead is also studying Yescarta in combination with a PDL1 antibody, Roche Holding AG's Tecentriq, and results from an early-stage trial of that combination will be announced at ASH on Monday.
Gilead acquired Yescarta, which has a U.S. list price of $373,000, with its buyout earlier this year of Kite Pharmaceuticals.
Cold Lake RCMP responded to about 126 calls this past week which is a lower call volume number, however Const. Dave Hart explained domestic violence call volume is up.
All domestic violence related calls that reach the RCMP's desk require police intervention, said Hart.
RCMP responded to about 11 domestic violence calls last week including minor assaults and verbal arguments.
“Thankfully, there weren't any serious physical assaults,” said Hart.
They added that one of the reasons why domestic call volume is higher is due to stress on families probably because of the economy.
Although call volume is down, RCMP reports a consistent trend in property crime including break-and-enters.
The local RCMP responded to about six property crime related incidents from break-and-enters to theft of property last week.
The RCMP would like to remind the public not leave vehicles running when running into a store or for a quick errand.
Hart asks the community to report any suspicious activity to the RCMP.
smart spending
How Brexit could affect your travel
Tom Bonaventure/Getty Images After the United Kingdom officially parts ways with the European Union in about two years, Americans could see fewer flying options abroad -- and longer passport lines when they do travel. The upside: Your trip could be cheaper. "Brexit creates that opportunity to spend outside the U.S.," says Bodhi Ganguli, lead economist of Dun & Bradstreet's Country Risk team. "It's a good time to visit generally anywhere else in the world because the dollar isn't just strong with respect to the pound sterling." In other words, because the exchange rate for many currencies like the pound and the Euro is now more favorable to the dollar, you'll get more bang for your buck at hotels and restaurants and when you buy souvenirs to bring back home. RATE SEARCH: Find a safe place to park your cash. Open a CD today. The British pound fell to a three-decade low against the dollar after U.K. voters approved the Brexit referendum last summer. It has remained near rock-bottom since. Analysts think the pound will fall to $1.20 by mid-2017 https://t.co/3F0zDm8Kpmpic.twitter.com/7K2LieubuW — Bloomberg Brexit (@Brexit) February 8, 2017 Experts say downward pressure on British currency could remain well after Prime Minister Theresa May begins the formal Brexit process, which will set off two years of exit negotiations. "I think the pound will stay low," says Scott Knapp, managing principal of investment consulting for CUNA Mutual Fiduciary Consultants. Barring any events that would make the dollar weaker – say a presidential administration enacting numerous protectionist policies – traveling to the U.K. could remain a good deal for some time. Air travel more complicated During the negotiation period, the U.K. will have to redo open skies agreements that have added more air routes and driven prices down. If that can't be worked out, air travel will get more expensive. And once you get to London, for example, you may have to wait in longer passport lines, as European travelers will now join Americans in line, instead of breezing through a separate line designated for EU residents. CARD SEARCH: Heading to the U.K. soon? Grab a credit card that charges no foreign transaction fees. "London's international airports will need to radically rethink baggage claim and passport control, two of the biggest pain points in travel," Jason Clampet, co-founder and head of content at the travel website Skift, told USA Today. "For passengers transiting to Europe via London or other gateway cities, you'll need to claim your baggage and take it through customs because, remember, you're not in Europe anymore." Increased hotel prices? Over the long term, Clampet says Brexit could broadly impact tourism-related industries in the U.K. New hotel developments may be delayed and restaurants, transit and shopping prices all could increase. What's more, while business travel declined immediately after the vote, pushing some hotels to offer deals, the realities of Brexit eventually could lead to higher lodging prices. That's because separation from the EU could bring with it immigration restrictions, particularly among Eastern European countries, where many hotel workers originate. "As this source of cheap labour could be cut off, overheads which were already under pressure after the increase of the minimum wage (in 2016), could increase even further," industry publication World Travel Market reported.
Alberta is proposing changes to financial trusts to further assist people with disabilities.
Social Services Minister Irfan Sabir says new legislation would exempt assets in trusts when determining whether someone was eligible for funds under the Assured Income for the Severely Handicapped (AISH) program.
Trusts are estate planning tools that help provide ongoing care and financial help for people with disabilities. Currently, the AISH program can claw back — or even deny — benefits if a recipient has one of these trust accounts valued at more than $100,000.
Families have long said this causes tremendous uncertainty as parents look for ways to provide for their children after their deaths.
Income from a trust could still reduce how much a person was eligible to receive.
READ MORE: Alberta overhauls assistance program for province's most vulnerable
The bill does not propose changes to how trust income would be treated under the program.
Sabir says the intent is to give peace of mind to those with disabilities and to family members trying to help them through trusts.
-With files from Tom Vernon
READ MORE: Alberta's auditor general criticizes how AISH program is managed
Watch below: On Nov. 7, 2016, Tom Vernon filed this report after Alberta's auditor general criticized the AISH program for being too hard to navigate.
A clash of names led to Winterton couple Graham and June Storrs celebrating their diamond wedding anniversary this week.
Mrs Storrs recalled their first meeting was "quite by accident" at the Foxhills Institute in Scunthorpe, close to their then home in Holland Avenue.
They said: "My sister and brother-in-law were called Tilley and I asked at the door for them.
"They were not in but Graham's dad, who was nicknamed Tilley, came to the door and invited me to join them and their family at their table."
Ten months later the couple were married at St George's Church in Scunthorpe, on October 5, 1957 at 3.15pm.
Sixty years later, among the well-wishers were their elder sister Sally, 83, a guest at the wedding, and Cheryl Hare and Carol O'Connell, who were bridesmaids.
After the wedding, Mrs Storrs gave up their job in the Scunthorpe General Hospital laundry to bring up their four children.
The couple recalled at the time they could not afford a honeymoon but for 40 years or more, have enjoyed holidays in their favourite resort, Blackpool.
Mr Storrs worked as a welder until they took early retirement at the age of 55. But during National Service they served in Hong Kong with the Royal Artillery.
These days, Mr Storrs keeps fit walking their two dogs Spot and Patch while their wife enjoys twice-weekly bingo sessions at the village hall.
The couple, who are now in their third home, attributed their lasting marriage to "always working together".
On their diamond day, they celebrated with a family meal at the Mallard Inn in Scunthorpe with their children, their three grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Everyone wants to have a financially secure retirement, but to get there, you'll have to save and plan. Just getting started with a retirement savings strategy can be the hardest part of getting on the road to retiring richer.
Once you've begun, though, there are some things you can do to make the journey a little bit easier. The following tips can help you boost your savings without feeling like you're sacrificing and give you the mental shove forward you need to keep up your momentum in striving toward your financial goals.
Glass jar with sticky note labeled Retirement holding cash, on a flat surface next to a calculator.
Getty Images
1. Save half your raises
The best way to save money is before you think you have it. That's a big reason why so many employers have moved toward automatically enrolling their employees in 401(k) retirement plans, because it gets workers into the habit of saving, sometimes without even realizing it.
Yet the problem with most automatic enrollment plans is that they start you out saving only small amounts of your pay, often 3 percent. You can increase that amount yourself at any time, but your take-home pay will go down as a result.
The simple answer: Wait until you get a raise and boost your contributions at that time. For instance, if you get a 2 percent raise, increase your 401(k) contribution rate by 1 percentage point. That way, half of your raise will go toward your retirement, but you'll still get the psychological boost of seeing your paychecks go up.
2. Invest half of your tax refund
When it comes to saving, big chunks of money that you can potentially set aside are few and far between. One area where many people have an opportunity to do this is with their tax refunds. Millions of taxpayers get refunds of $1,000 or more each year. For someone making near the typical household income of around $50,000, saving half of a $1,000 tax refund is the same as boosting your 401(k) contribution by 1 percentage point.
Again, you could save all of your refund instead of half, but where many people get bogged down in their savings strategy is that they get tired of never getting any immediate reward for their efforts. By hanging on to a portion of your refund, you'll get the payoff now while also setting yourself up for future success.
More: Retirement complications: Beware of hidden taxes when the career ends
More: 8 reasons you're overpaying for healthcare
More: 7 in 10 Americans are falling short in this key personal finance area
3. Set aside half your side-job earnings
Working a second job has been a time-honored tradition to save more money, but the rise of the gig economy has made side jobs more popular than ever. With estimates of 40 to 50 million Americans taking on work on the side to earn more money, there are ample opportunities to boost your income.
Admittedly, many people work second jobs because they must in order to make ends meet. But if your most important long-term priority is putting yourself in position to retire as rich as possible, taking a portion of your earnings from a side job can be a great way to supplement the savings from your primary employment and get your retirement nest egg growing that much faster.
Gain without pain
Retiring rich is just a dream for many Americans, but you can make it a reality -- if you're committed to it. Yet saving for retirement doesn't have to be painful. By making incremental changes like the ones mentioned above, you'll be able to reach your financial goals more easily over the long haul.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: The $16,728 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known "Social Security secrets" could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,728 more... each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after. Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Carole Radziwill and boyfriend Adam Kenworthy are experiencing New York real estate at its worst.
Page Six confirmed Monday that Radziwill and their chef boyfriend appeared in small claims court last Thursday after a landlord refused to return the entirety of their $4,000 security deposit.
The landlord offered Kenworthy $1,000 of their deposit back. A source tells us Radziwill advised Kenworthy not to accept the offer, so another hearing will be scheduled.
News of the court appearance comes amid rumors that the couple has called it quits after roughly two years together. Another source told us that although they are in an “untraditional relationship,” the breakup chatter is a “complete over-exaggeration.”
“Like any couple, they have their ups and downs,” the insider told Page Six.
The “Real Housewives of New York City” star, 53, and the private chef, 32, had been shacking up at their pad for six months before Kenworthy moved into their own Manhattan place, which was detailed on the Bravo reality show.
In an episode this season, Radziwill is seen telling co-star Bethenny Frankel about a previous court appearance in which they helped Kenworthy out with their landlord issue.
The problems at Kenworthy's apartment, however, persisted.
“Adam had to move out. I was tired of being leered at by the dozens of construction workers on scaffolding right outside of their bedroom window,” Radziwill told Page Six in a statement. “He left the apartment in good condition. I was shocked they held back their entire deposit. It appears to me to be a typical landlord trying to take advantage of a tenant. I can only imagine how many other people are going through the same thing. It's not right.”
Tig Notaro is glad they can finally open up about why they and Louis C.K. had a falling out — they knew about their sexual misconduct for years before the public did.
“It's a huge relief to have them removed [from the industry], but I found this out right after we sold the show, that this was happening, and I publicly started trying to distance myself from them for almost two years now,” Notaro, 46, said on “The View” on Monday. “When this all came out, even though I knew firsthand from people, it wasn't my place to call out names, [it's] somebody else's story.”
In November, a New York Times report revealed that C.K., 50, had been exposing themselves and masturbating in front of several female comedians for nearly two decades. The next day, the comedian admitted to “showing their d—k” to their accusers and apologized.
Notaro sought to expose C.K.'s behavior (without naming names) on their Amazon series, “One Mississippi,” which was distributed and executive-produced by C.K.: In one episode, Notaro's wife Stephanie Allynne, who stars as sound engineer Kate on the series, was forced to watch their boss masturbate.
“Our entire writers' room is all female, and every person in the room has had an experience with assault, abuse or harassment in some way,” Notaro said of the scene. “Every story on ‘One Mississippi' is based in truth, and it's not necessarily my truth, but it's somebody's truth and something that somebody experienced or knew of the experience happening.”
“We wanted to recreate that because people seemed to feel like this was hard to believe that this sort of behavior would happen, because what is someone's motivation there? It's not somebody interested in somebody, it's not somebody flirting — it's something beyond that,” they continued. “It's power, it's abuse, it's disgusting. We wanted to send the message to everybody, truly — and we wrote this show in January months before these allegations came out.”
Lesser works by great directors needn't diminish long-standing reputations, so calling Jan Švankmajer's “Insect” a disappointment in no way weakens the master's position as a key proponent of surrealist cinema. However, there's no getting around the fact that the film is a minor entry in a glorious career, despite having all the raw ingredients for a classic Švankmajer stew. Based on the 1922 satirical play “Pictures From the Insects' Life” by the Čapek brothers, in which performers dressed as bugs expose the thin line between human and insect behavior, the film takes a meta approach, with the director themselves acting as commentator (as in “Surviving Life”) to the story of a provincial amateur production. Peppered with brief shots of animators and technicians achieving the amusing visual tricks for which Švankmajer is best known, this long-gestating project will inevitably see modest festival exposure, but otherwise is most likely to crop up only at career retrospectives.
Maybe the current rise of far-right governments and smugly complacent strongmen means we'll be seeing a return to the kinds of metaphorical satires that made the East European New Wave so invigoratingly iconoclastic, yet “Insect” generally plays like a minor 1960s entry in this now old-fashioned though once vital genre. Given that the film's origins lie in a short story the director wrote in 1970 but was unable to develop due to censorship, the sensation of watching something from another era is perhaps inevitable, though surely unintended. Addressing the viewer, Švankmajer admits he's directed the story as a work of animation, with stylized acting, no psychology and minimal camera movements, yet it's unclear what audiences are meant to get out of it all: There's nothing disturbing or discomforting, and if he'd hoped to explore why the Čapek brothers switched to an optimistic ending following harsh criticism of the original misanthropic finale, that examination isn't apparent.
More Reviews Film Review: 'Scorched Earth' Film Review: 'Lies We Tell'
In a provincial town, an uptight Director (Jaromir Dulava) brings together a bunch of amateurs to rehearse the second act of the Čapek play. He's also taking on the role of Mr. Cricket, while their wife Růžena (Kamila Magálová) will play Mrs. Cricket. Them amorous attentions toward younger actor Václav (Jan Budař), playing the murderous Sabre Wasp, are on full display, which could partly explain the Director's short fuse. Much of the film's surrealist elements revolve around Borovička (Jiří Lábus), who becomes more and more like their character the Dung Beetle, and obese Kopřiva (Norbert Lichý) as the Parasite. Bewigged Jituška (Ivana Uhlířová), cast as the Larva, mostly just knits and screams when they witness bizarre behavior, such as Kopřiva happily swilling down a cockroach floating in their beer bottle.
It's not clear how much admiration Švankmajer has for the source material, given the way they have their performers make mincemeat of the play: Is their aping of insect characteristics really saying something profound about similarities between animals and humans, or is it surrealism as humorous fantasy rather than societal critique? Kafka's “Metamorphosis,” published seven years before the Čapek play, is unsurprisingly meant as a reference point, and Švankmajer even works in some of Ladislav Čelakovský's classic translation of “King Lear,” yet the film plays as gently comical farce with no bite.
The greatest interest comes in moments when we see how the director's signature stop-motion special effects are made, from a large slimy tongue to an enormous dung ball. Watching these scenes makes one yearn for a general Švankmajer “Making Of” doc covering their whole career, but that fascination lies in artistic and technical aspects divorced from this particular film. Addressing the camera, the director speaks about editing as a series of dream moments, since only in cinema and dreams can space and time be bridged in the blink of an eye. While it's not an original thought, it does make one wish for a more in-depth disquisition on Švankmajer's use of editing to further their surrealist passions. Music, with smatterings of Rimsky-Korsakov and Smetana, help to give thematic cohesion to some of the theater scenes.
BANDUNG: Indonesian authorities on Tuesday (Apr 18) banned Michael Essien and Carlton Cole from playing until they get work permits after their new club did not obtain the necessary documents for the ex-English Premier League players.
The two were signed with great fanfare last month by Persib Bandung, one of the country's best clubs, in a boost for Indonesian football as it seeks to bounce back from a FIFA suspension and launch a new league.
But the government-backed Professional Sports Agency found the players did not have the required work permits.
The club admitted they had not finished processing the paperwork for the pair before they made their debuts in the country's new top-flight Liga 1 at the weekend.
After calling in the players and Persib's management for questioning, immigration authorities said Tuesday the pair would not be able to play until they obtained the permits.
"Today we gave a strong warning to Persib in the form of a letter saying that as long as Persib had not completed the permits, which should be issued by the manpower ministry, we are banning Essien and Cole from playing," said Maulia Purnamawati, the immigration chief in Bandung, the city where the club is based.
Persib said they would abide by the ban while working to get the permits. Joko Driyono, the secretary general of the country's football association, said they would help the club in obtaining the documents.
Persib said it had sought to process the paperwork a few days before the stars' first match on Saturday. The permits were not ready on time, but the football association and league organiser gave them permission to play.
Driyono told AFP the association had granted permission for Persib to field Essien and Cole over the weekend because the process to get the permits was "not easy nor fast".
Club manager Umuh Muchtar accused the sports agency, which reports to the government and monitors foreign players in the country, of going too far.
"That they are here is a joy for us, they want to raise up Indonesia's name in the world," they said. They added: "Everybody knows that Essien is a world-class player, not an illegal immigrant."
Essien, who is Ghanaian, has played for Chelsea, AC Milan and Real Madrid. England's Cole has played for Chelsea and West Ham.
Liga 1 replaces an old top-level league, which was halted in 2015 due to a row between the government and Indonesian FA that triggered turmoil and led to the country being hit with a one-year ban by FIFA.
The new league and big-name signings are a major boost for football in Southeast Asia's biggest nation, which has faced problems for years.
A 10-year-old girl was allegedly raped by their father in Panigaon Amtola area of Assam's North Lakhimpur district.The accused, a blind man, who earned their livelihood by singing on the streets, was caught by locals while allegedly committing the crime at their house on April 21, District Superintendent of Police Sudhakar Singh said.The accused, however, managed to escape, and a search operation is underway to nab him, they said.An FIR has been lodged at Panigaon police station against the accused by 'Nari Surakshya Samittee', a woman rights activist group based out of Lakhimpur.The girl, in their statement to the police, said that their mother deserted them a few months ago, and since then, they used to be raped, the SP said.The girl was rescued along with their younger brother by the group, which has also handed over a video of the alleged act to the police.
Rio de Janeiro: Paris Saint-Germain are hoping Neymar will return from Brazil in three or four days after they travelled home for personal reasons, coach Unai Emery said on Monday.
"We gave them permission to make this journey. I hope they will come back in three or four days' time," Emery said.
The coach said Neymar approached them as the PSG squad was preparing for Saturday's Ligue 1 match against Lille.
"He told me they had a family matter and that if the club and I gave them the chance to go to Brazil to take care of this problem, it was important to him.
"The person comes first, the player comes second," Emery said.
Neymar, the world's most expensive player following their 222 million euros ($261.5 million) move from Barcelona this year, went to Brazil on Saturday "for personal matters", a source from their management company NN Consultaria told AFP.
French radio station RMC Sport reported that the 25-year-old flew home after receiving "bad news involving their family".
Neymar tweeted on Monday but gave no reasons for their trip to Brazil.
They were suspended for the 3-1 victory over Lille and they look likely to miss Wednesday's League Cup match against Strasbourg, the team that inflicted PSG's only league defeat of the season.
Emery refused to be drawn on whether Neymar would be considered for selection for the Ligue 1 match against Rennes on Saturday.
"We're going to wait and see if they are ready to come," the Spaniard said. "First of all they have to be at peace with their problem."
The French league begins a three-week winter break on December 20.
PSG were drawn against reigning European champions Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League on Monday.
IN RECENT months, you may have been confused by a voicemail left on your phone in Mandarin.
Whether you understand it or not, authorities have warned smartphone users to hang up immediately.
Police have warned of a phone scam targeting Chinese nationals in Australia by pretending to be from the embassy and demanding a large sum of money.
"We have offenders contacting victims on the phone purporting to be from the Chinese Embassy, and saying victims either committed an offence or had their identity stolen. As a result, victims are asked to pay fines or a debt," Financial Crimes Squad Commander Detective Superintendent Linda Howlett told a conference Wednesday afternoon.
"I want to stress that the Chinese Embassy would never contact a victim to pay money over the phone.
"We've had incidents where the victim is threatened, or their family back in China is threatened."
They said there have been cases where the victim didn't have any money. In these cases, the victim was instructed to stage a kidnapping so they could get money overseas from their parents.
The scam has reaped in millions of dollars, targeting victims across Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. One victim in NSW had $1.9 million stolen.
If you get this phone call, hang up immediately. Picture:Supplied
According to Det Supt Howlett, there have been at least 50 reports of this incident across NSW, with three calls this week alone.
But they said a lot of the victims still aren't coming forward, urging people receiving the calls to hang up and let the authorities know.
Variations of this scam have been reported recently. In another one, an automated voice in Mandarin claiming to be calling on behalf of the Chinese Embassy tells the listener they had an important parcel to collect.
They are encouraged to press 9, at which point they are transferred to a scammer who tries to take their personal details.
China's Deputy Consul-General in Sydney Tong Xuejun said more than 1000 cases had been reported since August last year.
"We have confirmed about 40 cases that caused a loss. The total amount of money involved is about $10 million," they said, adding that the money lost ranged from $2000 to one case of $3.5 million.
In another, the scammer tells the victim they are involved in a crime like money-laundering or embezzlement, and threatens them with jail or deportation unless they pay a hefty sum to get a "priority investigation" to clear their name.
They also try to extract sensitive information like passport numbers, bank details and addresses.
According to Scamwatch, if the money is sent to the scammer, it is likely lost and extremely difficult to recover.
Many non-Chinese people have reported getting the calls too, and being left confused.
The Chinese Consulate-General has urged Chinese citizens in Australia to be aware of fraudulent calls.
The improv team at École Catholique Monseigneur-Jamot in Peterborough has won this year's Gazou d'Or Provincial Improv Tournament.
The win comes after the nine Grade 8 students from the Peterborough French Catholic school compete April 19-21 at the provincial tournament in Thunder Bay.
Improv competitions are a way to put students' French skills to the test.
READ MORE: Officers hit bikes for Pedal for Hope in support of pediatric cancer research
Twelve French school boards participated in the tournament. Every team had to speak only French.
If a student uttered a word in English, there was a penalty.
For the winning team from Peterborough, the provincial tournament was a chance to show off years of effort.
Many members of the team at Monseigneur-Jamot have been practicing their French improv skills since Grade 4.
BANGKOK: The European Union will resume political contact "at all levels" with Thailand, its foreign affairs council said on Monday, after putting relations on hold following a 2014 coup by the Thai military.
The move comes after Thailand's Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha announced in October that a general election would take place in November 2018 - the most precise date the junta has given after many delays since the 2014 coup.
The government, however, has yet to end a political ban that would allow political parties to campaign ahead of the vote.
The EU is Thailand's third trade partner after China and Japan. Thailand is the EU's third-largest trading partner in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
Thailand exported goods worth €19.6 billion (US$23.11 billion) to the EU in 2015, according to the European Commission.
"The Council decided to resume political contacts at all levels with Thailand in order to facilitate meaningful dialogue on issues of mutual importance, including on human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the road towards democracy," the EU's Foreign Affairs Council said in a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In June 2014, the EU said it would keep its relations with Thailand under review and put on hold the signing of a Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA), which was aimed at closer economic and political ties with Thailand.
It has expressed concerns over freedom of expression in the country and has called for a swift return to democracy.
The signing of PCA and talks on EU-Thailand Free Trade Agreement (FTA) could resume with a democratically elected civilian government under the new Constitution, the statement said.
The United States also downgraded ties with Thailand following the coup, scaling back joint military exercises, among other things.
According to the European Commission, the EU exported goods worth €13.4 billion (US$15.80 billion) to Thailand in 2015, including machinery and transport equipment.
(Reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
MIDDLESBROUGH: Leicester City's underwhelming season continued on Monday (Jan 2) as they were held to a 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough that did little for either side's hopes of avoiding Premier League relegation.
With Jamie Vardy completing their three-game suspension and Riyad Mahrez again disappointing, Leicester lacked a cutting edge and it was Boro who came closest to taking all three points at the Riverside Stadium.
The result inched both sides a point further clear of the bottom three, but the threat of relegation will continue to stalk them when they return to league action after next weekend's FA Cup third-round fixtures.
Champions Leicester have now gone 12 away games without victory in the Premier League, stretching back to the 2-0 win at Sunderland last April that nudged them closer to their fairytale title win.
With both teams having played on New Year's Eve - Leicester edging West Ham United 1-0, Boro cruelly beaten 2-1 at Manchester United - they each made five changes to their starting XIs.
Leicester, for whom Islam Slimani was absent with a fever, made the more lively start.
Shinji Okazaki could not make anything of Leonardo Ulloa's knock-down from Mahrez's free-kick, while Christian Fuchs drilled wide from the edge of the box.
But as the game wore on, Boro began to take control, with Adama Traore to the fore.
The former Barcelona winger had a penalty shout turned down in the 18th minute when they appeared to be impeded by Robert Huth right on the edge of the Leicester box.
Moments later the 20-year-old sped to the byline on the right and cut the ball back for Marten de Roon, who shot over.
Antonio Barragan returned from suspension for Boro, but they limped off clutching their hamstring in the 34th minute, with George Friend coming on.
Another Boro full-back caught the eye shortly before half-time, Fabio da Silva sliding in brilliantly to prevent Mahrez taking aim from Okazaki's through ball.
Left-back Friend emerged as an improbable most likely source of a goal in the second half. They warmed Kasper Schmeichel's palms from 25 yards and then cut in from the right, only to skew their shot wide.
They also curled an inviting cross into the box from the left, but Adam Forshaw could not make telling contact. All Leicester mustered in response was an Ulloa header that Brad Guzan saved comfortably.
Visiting manager Claudio Ranieri took decisive action by sending on Ahmed Musa in place of Mahrez, who produced another low-key display in their last game before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations with Algeria.
But it was Boro who continued to push, Gaston Ramirez squandering a golden chance to snatch victory when they lashed wide following a tame clearance by Wes Morgan.
TORONTO — Premier Kathleen Wynne fired up their troops Saturday at the Ontario Liberal annual general meeting — the last party gathering before the spring election — by urging them not to focus on their uncertain opponent, but on the principles they're fighting for.
In an impassioned speech containing more than two dozen instances of the word “fighting,” Wynne took a clear shot at the opposing Progressive Conservatives, who find themselves in turmoil after the sudden resignation of their former leader Patrick Brown in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations.
Brown vehemently denies the allegations — which were made in a CTV News report and haven't been independently verified by The Canadian Press — but their departure has led to party infighting and a rushed leadership contest to be decided March 10.
Wynne told supporters it doesn't matter who the Tories pick, the Liberal government's goals remain the same.
“There are always going to be people who see things differently,” they said. “People who criticize our plan. Some do it in the newspapers. Some do it on Twitter. Some do it behind a podium in their mother's basement.”
The last reference was a dig at PC leadership candidate and former Toronto city councillor Doug Ford, who announced they would seek the Tories' top job at a press conference held in their mother's basement earlier this week.
“It's not about who we're fighting against,” Wynne said. “It's about who we're fighting for.”
Wynne wasted no time in addressing the tide of sexual misconduct allegations rocking Canadian politics in the opening minutes of their speech.
They did not specifically mention Brown's resignation, but alluded to the larger controversy.
“I'm heartbroken that in 2018, we as a society are still confronted by this vile and unacceptable behaviour that is dominating our headlines right now,” Wynne said. “You already know that as a party, we have introduced a new code of conduct on harassment. We want to lead the way in establishing safe workplaces.”
Wynne also touted some of the party's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage, expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families.
They emphasized the contrast between their party, the PCs and the New Democrats, while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that they have stressed for months.
“We are fighting for you, we will keep fighting for you,” they said. “We will never stop fighting for you.”
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing their own past electoral record. Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens, they asked party volunteers to work hard.
“I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes,” Wynne said. “Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result. And because every single vote counts, that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts.”
Liberal campaign co-chair Deb Matthews acknowledged that the weekend event was, in part, about further honing the party's strategy and organization. That includes planning for whomever the PCs pick as leader.
“Obviously, we'll need to be ready for any eventuality,” they said of the PC leadership race. “They need to figure out their party. We've got our party figured out. We know what we're doing.”
Wynne said the party is not “troubled by” the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown.
“What happened to Patrick Brown, what is happening to the (PCs) right now, is their focus,” they said. “Our focus is on our plan.”
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
BUENOS AIRES: New Year's greetings tend to be uncontroversial, but an Argentine ministry sparked angry reaction over the weekend when a map of the country accompanying its year-end wishes omitted an island chain that sparked a short but bitter war with Britain.
Argentina has long claimed the islands it calls the Malvinas, which Britain occupied in 1833 and renamed the Falklands.
Argentine forces seized the chain in 1982 to reclaim sovereignty, but Britain prevailed in a 74-day war that claimed hundreds of lives on both sides.
So when the Argentine Ministry of Social Development posted its new year greetings online with a map that omitted the islands, the reaction from war veterans and political opponents was quick and fierce.
Saul Perez, who fought in the war, expressed their "uneasiness," telling news channel C5N that "it was not a mistake."
They said they had no doubt that the omission was part of a campaign by the government of President Mauricio Macri to "place a priority on bilateral trade" over Argentina's historic claim of sovereignty.
On Sep 13, in a tentative effort to end decades of rancor, Argentine and British negotiators reached agreement in Buenos Aires on oil and gas exploration, fishing, trade, shipping and air transport.
Center-right Macri, in power since late 2015, said they wanted to improve relations with Britain, a step seen as aimed at boosting Argentina's flagging economy.
But the pact did not touch on the delicate question of the islands' sovereignty - a decision harshly criticised by the political opposition.
Alicia Castro, Argentine ambassador to Britain during the previous administration of Cristina Kirchner, called the absence of the islands in the development ministry's greeting "inadmissible."
"I haven't been able to sleep," they told Argentina's Radio 10, "I'm so upset to see this mutilated map." While the British might publish such a map, they said, no Argentine government had ever done so.
In the face of such criticism, the development ministry issued a tweet Monday apologising for what it called a "design department error."
The 1982 war claimed the lives of 649 Argentine combatants and 255 British troops before Argentina finally surrendered in the face of an imposing armada dispatched from Britain by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
In a 2013 referendum, the island chain's 3,000 inhabitants voted overwhelmingly in favor of remaining under British rule. Argentina dismissed the result.
Another canoe mishap has claimed two lives in Kebbi State.
This is coming two days after 22 passengers died when their canoe capsized in the state.
It was gathered that the canoe left Binua village, in Yauri Local Government Area conveying 11 people to a market in the area when it capsized.
The Chairman of the local council, Musa Mohammad, confirmed the latest incident on Friday.
According to Mohammed, “They were going to trade in Yauri when the wave accompanied by strong wind forced the canoe to capsize.
“Two persons, a Fulani woman and an elderly person, were feared drowned in the river.”
Mohammed, however, said the rest of the passengers were rescued after the small canoe capsized.
The chairperson blamed the incident on the driver's refusal to heed the warning issued by officials of the Nigerian Inland Waterways Authority not to embark on the journey.
They said: “He was warned by the officials not to embark on the journey because of the unfavourable weather condition, but refused to heed to the advice.”
The Acting Executive Director, Kebbi State Emergency Management Agency, Abbas Kamba, also confirmed the incident.
Recall that 18 passengers travelling from Jeribago village in Kebbi to Tuteku village in Niger State died on Wednesday when their wooding boat collided with a tree trunk.
;
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a televised briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Arkady Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood.
Their reported murder touched off a war of words between Ukraine and Russia, a flurry of condemnations from European capitals and Washington, and shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life, and that they were fine.
“I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters. “I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that they have been through.”
Babchenko's reappearance elicited gasps, then cheers and applause from journalists at the briefing.
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted.
They did not specify what those planned acts were, but the SBU said it had received information about a plot to kill 30 people in Ukraine, including Babchenko, but had managed to prevent it. The security service declined to say who the other 29 people were.
It said it had detained a Ukrainian citizen recruited by Russia to find someone to kill Babchenko. They were given $40,000 to organise the murder, $30,000 for the killer and $10,000 for being an intermediary, it said.
“We managed not only to break this cynical provocation, but also to document the preparation of this shameful crime by Russian special services,” SBU chief Vasyl Hrytsak said.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko (C), who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko (R) and head of the state security service (SBU) Vasily Gritsak attend a news briefing in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko, who appeared alongside Babchenko, said it was necessary to fake the journalist's death so that the organisers of the plot to kill them would believe they had succeeded.
The Russian Foreign ministry said on Wednesday it was happy Babchenko had turned out to be alive after all, but said Ukraine has used their story as propaganda.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, has lived in the Ukrainian capital since receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
“Everything is over from yesterday,” Babchenko said. “I did my job and I'm still alive.”
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty.
Moscow, which has been at odds with Kiev since a 2014 popular revolt in Ukraine that toppled a Russian-backed government in favour of a pro-Western one, described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on the military plane crash. They said their comments, in which they said they “didn't give a damn” about the incident, had resulted in thousands of threats, their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — An inmate at a Topeka jail attacked a corrections officer Saturday, giving the officer lacerations and facial injuries.
Shawnee County Department of Corrections Maj. Tim Phelps tells The Topeka Capital-Journal officer Lacy Noll was attacked while on duty Saturday. They were treated then released.
Phelps says the inmate is 26-year-old Allen Thomas Schroeder Jr. of Topeka.
Phelps says the Shawnee County Jail was placed on lockdown during the incident. The lockdown was lifted Sunday, except for the housing unit where the attack occurred.
Schroeder was booked into jail in November in connection to aggravated battery, domestic battery and a parole violation.
The jail is investigating the attack. Phelps says the county sheriff's office will investigate for the district attorney's office, which will decide charges.
In a boost to cooperation between India and Europe in the area of space, India's Department of Space and the European Commission on 19 March signed a cooperation agreement related to sharing of earth observation satellite data.
The agreement was signed in Bengaluru by PG Diwakar, Scientific Secretary in the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on behalf of the Department of Space, and Philippe Brunet, Director for Space Policy, Copernicus and Defence, on behalf of the European Commission.
"To allow the benefits of the European Union's Copernicus Earth Observation and Monitoring programme and of the Indian fleet of remote sensing satellites to extend beyond the borders of the partners, in Bengaluru, on 19 March, the European Commission and India's Department of Space signed a landmark cooperation arrangement related to sharing of earth observation satellite data," the European Union said in a statement.
The Copernicus programme provides a wide range of applications like climate change, land, ocean, and atmosphere monitoring as well as support in the forecasting, management and mitigation of natural disasters.
India, on its part, has developed a wide-ranging earth observation programme which is managed by the Department of Space and implemented by the ISRO.
"Recognising that data sharing will provide mutual benefits, in particular in the pursuit of the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals, the European Commission and India's Department of Space, have decided to sign a Cooperation Arrangement with the aim to strengthen and stimulate cooperation on earth observation and mutual access to the data from the European Union's Sentinel series of satellites and from the Indian earth observation satellites.
"Under this arrangement, the European Commission intends to provide India with free, full and open access to the data from the Copernicus Sentinel family of satellites using high bandwidth connections from data hub to data hub," said the EU statement.
"Reciprocally the Indian Department of Space will provide the Copernicus programme and its participating states with a free, full and open access to the data from ISRO's earth observation satellites including historical data sets."
The new agreement envisages technical assistance for the establishment of high bandwidth connections with ISRO sites, in particular through setting up of mirror servers, data storage and archival facilities.
Saman Hamid
PAKISTAN is one of those countries that continuously experience natural disasters for last 10 years. During this time period there have been 133 events resulting in more than 3823.17 Million dollars in damages, annual average fatalities of 504 people. The problem with our climate is not an issue of how hot or cold a day is, we have been experiencing highs of 42ºC -52ºC during the last week of May. The temperatures are expected to sour throughout May and June. It is the associated changes with climate change that should bear red flags for us. It is not just the heat waves, there is a major shift in the timing of the four seasons, winter starts late, autumn and spring are diminishing each year and there is one hot long summer for most of the country. According to a report the heat wave period has also increased by 31 days during the years 1980 to 2007. The impact is two pronged; impact on agriculture and affect on topography.
Although the economic survey of Pakistan (2016-17) indicates an overall rise in agricultural output but there is no denying that the potential is not fully realized. One of the biggest stories from last year was about the fruit crop particularly, mangoes. According to Pakistan Fruit and Vegetable Exporters, Importers and Merchants Association (PFVA) Due to prolonged winter season, hail storms and strong winds in Punjab, the collective production of mangoes can decline by 600,000 tonnes from total estimated production of 1.8 million tones. Another major crop that has suffered due to changing climate conditions is cotton. Early monsoon in the months of June and July and abnormal variation in temperatures over the past three years particularly affected the yield of Cotton. Wheat and rice are concerned the overall yield is also adversely affected, flash floods in the North effect land availability. Sunflower showed yield reduction up to 25 percent at elevated temperature of 10°C to 20°C beyond 2050. There is a risk that we might lose crop like sugarcane and rice in future due to water scarcity and rising temperature. There is a visible shortening of growing season length (GSL) for wheat and rice crops and Basmati rice tract and this is as a direct result of climate change.
The main topographical threats are majorly the changing monsoon and western depression, floods and siltation in dams and damage to canal system. Loss of biodiversity and heightened health risks such as strokes, pneumonia, and malaria and other vector-borne diseases, dengue is also a direct result of climate change. Some of the counter strategies suggested so far are “adaptive” farming techniques; cultivars is term used meaning short lag phase, deep root system, better management high input use efficiency, manipulation of sowing time and planting density is said to produce phenomenal results. Early warning system, continuous crop monitoring and forecasting using climate, crop and economic models can also be developed to improve conditions. Increasing forest cover is also the biggest solution to the weather problem. We need to have better laws and enforcement in place to preserve the forest cover we have particularly in the Northern areas. Technologies such as providing artificial glaciers are also proposed by come scientist to counter the risks of losing the glacier cover.
It is a threat and a very real one that is slowly taking a huge chunk away from our livelihoods our economy, an uninhabitable Pakistan is no good to anyone. Pakistan is not a big polluter but that is largely due a lagging industrial infrastructure. We cannot afford to be ignorant though Water scarcity and associated agricultural and ecological impact takes away from the country's economy, all the losses in outputs have led to decreased national income and increase in the import bill. Contribution to inflation is another area that is yet to see serious research. Pakistan is lagging behind in coming up ways to counter this threat; this requires an “operation” akin to the one against terrorists.
— The writer is freelance columnist based in Peshawar.
Email: [email protected]
Suspected herdsmen have killed 15 people in an early morning attack on a Catholic Church in Benue State, officials said on Tuesday.
The attack occurred in Ayar-Mbalom, a community in Gwer East Local Government Area.
Terver Akase, a spokesperson to Governor Samuel Ortom, said the attackers also burnt 50 houses and sacked the entire community.
The name of the church is St. Ignatius' Catholic Church. The murdered Catholic priests are Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, both reverend fathers.
Fatai Owoseni, the Benue police commissioner, and Moses Yamu, the command's spokesperson, did not immediately return requests for comments about the killings Tuesday morning.
The attack comes barely four days after the murder of 10 persons by herdsmen in Guma Local Government Area, which has been one of the major scenes of carnage by suspects herdsmen since January 1.
It also comes barely a few days after Nigerian soldiers stormed Naka town in Gwer West Local Government Area of the state and set dozens of houses on fire. The soldiers said hoodlums in the community killed one of their colleagues. At least one man was burnt to death in the reprisal attack.
Just three days ago, a seemingly gleeful President Trump promised reporters he'd hold a "pretty big press conference on Monday."
But on their public schedule -- released just after midnight Monday and then updated about 9:15 a.m. ET -- there is no mention of a press conference. Their press team did not respond to an email requesting an explanation.
One can certainly imagine the questions: Why, Mr. President, did you fail to specifically condemn white nationalists who caused a bloody weekend in Charlottesville, Va., that ended with three deaths? Do you disagree with prominent Republicans who called the car attack that killed a counter-protester and injured many others an act of "domestic terrorism" and called on you to unequivocally denounce the racists? Why did you blame "many sides" when you have argued in the past for calling violence by Muslims by name, "radical Islamic terrorism"? Do you believe the anti-racism counter-protesters were equally culpable?
Trump may not answer those questions at other appearances on Monday either. Their schedule includes only one event with any potential interaction with the press -- the signing of a China trade memorandum that is open to a small group of rotating reporters known as the press pool. On Saturday, after making their much-criticized response to the Charlottesville violence, Trump took no questions and walked away as reporters shouted queries like those above.
The president only occasionally takes questions at events for signing bills, executive orders and memorandums, and they tend to be brief. Their other public events Monday -- arrivals and departures between New Jersey, Washington and New York -- are unlikely to allow for anything more than a photo of a president waving.
One key event on the schedule was added Monday morning, but is listed as closed to the press: an 11:30 a.m. meeting with Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions and new FBI Director Christopher A. Wray to discuss a Justice Department civil rights investigation of the two days of chaos in Charlottesville.
In the meantime, Trump has continued to tweet, mostly on other subjects. None of those tweets has included a specific denunciation of the white nationalists in Charlottesville.
In one on Monday morning, they attacked the African American chief executive of Merck Pharmaceutical, Ken Frazier, who resigned from the president's advisory council on manufacturing in protest of the president's response to Charlottesville.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson attempted to play down Christian Benteke's penalty miss after the club's former goalkeeper said they would have broken the striker's nose for the costly blunder.
LONDON: Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson attempted to play down Christian Benteke's penalty miss after the club's former goalkeeper said they would have broken the striker's nose for the costly blunder.
Belgian striker Benteke went rogue and took the stoppage- time penalty against Bournemouth with the game locked at 2-2, even though Luka Milivojevic was the designated taker.
Benteke's weak spot-kick was saved by Bournemouth goalkeeper Asmir Begovic and Palace had to settle for a point which dropped them back to the foot of the table.
"If I had still been playing for CPFC I would have broken Benteke's nose after in the dressing-room," John Burridge, who kept goal for Palace from 1978-80, said on Twitter.
After the game Hodgson admitted Benteke's miss could "cost their side in May" but with a home clash looming against Watford on Tuesday the 70-year-old was more philosophical.
"Christian was very confident, they had played well and they believed they were going to score that penalty," Hodgson said on Monday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"He persuaded Luka to let them take it. They wanted it and felt good, but unfortunately it didn't work out.
"No guarantee Luka would've scored it either, of course."
It was disappointing because when you have a penalty in the last minute you see a victory looming," they added.
Palace captain Scott Dann also offered support to Benteke, despite the fact that Milivojevic had scored from the penalty spot earlier in the game.
"It takes a lot of courage to go up and take a penalty in the last couple of minutes," they said.
"Unfortunately he's missed - but we had so many other chances to win this game."
Hodgson's side have drawn four and won one of their last five Premier League games and with the three sides immediately above them all facing tough fixtures this week, Palace have another chance to climb out of the bottom three.
"One or two of our recent draws have felt like victories and Saturday's like a defeat," Hodgson said.
"Sometimes we get more than we deserve, sometimes less. We're five unbeaten and I'm happy with the five performances."
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Ed Osmond)
FEBRUARY 2, 2018 — Inland shipbuilder Jeffboat LLC, Jeffersonville, IN, has given the Indiana Department of Workforce Development notice pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) that it intends to conduct layoffs at its shipyard facility.
It says the action "is in further response to a decrease in the demand for the vessels that Jeffboat manufactures at the facility" and that "layoffs are expected to begin on or about February 5, 2018 and continue at a minimum through April of 2018. Approximately 226 employees will be affected in total."
"While we do not currently intend to close the facility," says Jeffboat, "we expect the separations will be permanent within the meaning of WARN.
According to the Jeffersonville News and Tribune, this is the second round of layoffs announced by the shibuilder in the past few months.
"The company announced it would lay off approximately 278 employees in November." says the newspaper. "Anywhere from 800 to 1,000 people are employed at the shipyard at any one time, depending on what kind of projects on which the company is working, according to News and Tribune archives."
Read the WARN notification letter HERE
Benje Choucroun turned up at the White House briefing on Wednesday, catching everyone's attention when they asked Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings.
"At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill," Choucron, 13, said, reading from a piece of paper. "One thing that affects mine and others' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school."
Choucron, a student at Marin Country Day School in California, continued: "Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?"
Sanders appeared to tear up during their response.
There's a kid at today's White House press briefing. They just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https://t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) May 30, 2018
"I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way," they said. "This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Choucroun is in town covering the White House Sports and Fitness Day for Time for Kids magazine.
Contributing: David Jackson
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Grand theft, vehicle, and petty theft: 1900 block of Foothill Boulevard (the Crescenta-Cañada YMCA). A woman reported that at 11:10 a.m. they parked and locked their 2001 Toyota Corolla in the east parking lot at the facility before going inside for a workout. They returned to the locker room about an hour later to retrieve a towel from their gym bag, then went back to work out. When they went to the locker room again at about 1 p.m., they found their locker wide open. Them gym bag and lock were not there. Searching around the room for a few minutes, they found their gym bag in a different locker, but their car and house keys, driver's license and vehicle license card were gone. They went out to the parking lot where she'd left their car, but it wasn't there. Returning to the Y's front desk, they advised a manager of the thefts. Together, they went out to the lot and this time found the victim's car, which had been backed into a different parking place than where she'd left it. Video surveillance showed that at about 12:55 p.m. a white woman with blond hair, approximately 40 to 45 years old, 160 to 170 pounds, wearing a sleeveless white blouse, torn blue jeans and white shoes, exited the Y and walked toward the east parking lot. After a few minutes of roaming through the lot, the suspect entered the victim's car and drove away. The law enforcement report states “Due to the angle of the parking lot cameras we were not able to determine if the suspect was the same one who returned the vehicle to the lot.”
REUTERS: Troubled champions Leicester City were held to a turgid 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough on Monday to edge further clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Leonardo Ulloa missed the visitors' best chance when they headed a Christian Fuchs corner straight at Brad Guzan in the 69th minute, although the Foxes were largely toothless without strikers Islam Slimani and Jamie Vardy, who was serving the final match of their three-game suspension.
Middlesbrough, now 16th on 19 points, threatened through Adama Traore, the game's outstanding individual, but they struggled to find an end product to accompany their scintillating work out wide. Boro's Gaston Ramirez fired an 83rd-minute effort into the side netting.
Leicester kept consecutive clean sheets for the first time since April but the champions, who moved seven points clear of the drop zone ahead of the matches later on Monday, are still awaiting their first away win of the season.
(Reporting by Ed Dove, editing by Ed Osmond)
Humane Society of Naples helps 100,000th pet get adopted
One lucky dog got to be the 100,000th animal to be adopted from the Humane Society of Naples Saturday.
Check out some photos of the happy moment below.
1 of 6
NBC handily won Tuesday night with the season premieres of “America's Got Talent” and “World of Dance.” However, both shows–particularly “World of Dance”–were down from last season's premieres.
“America's Got Talent,” airing from 8-10 p.m., averaged a 2.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 12.1 million viewers, making it easily the top-rated and most-watched show of the night. It was down approximately 11% in the demo and 2% in total viewers from the Season 12 premiere last May.
In its second season debut, “World of Dance” averaged a 1.8 and 7.2 million viewers. That is down 25% in the demo and approximately the same percentage in total viewers compared to the Season 1 premiere. This season's premiere was in line with the first season's ratings average though and topped its timeslot by a wide margin.
Fox aired the season premieres of both “Beat Shazam” (0.8, 2.4 million) and “Love Connection” (0.6,1.8 million). Both shows were down heavily from their first season premieres, but were in line with their first season finales in the demo.
CBS aired mostly repeats except for “48 Hours: NCIS” (0.5, 4.3 million), which was even.
ABC and The CW aired only repeats.
NBC finished the night with a 2.2 rating and 10.4 million viewers. Fox was second in the demo with a 0.7 but fourth in viewers with 2.1 million. CBS was third in the demo with a 0.6 but second in viewers with 5.2 million. ABC was fourth in the demo with a 0.5 but third in viewers with 2.2 million. The CW averaged a 0.3 and 1.1 million.
China's foreign minister and state councillor, Wang Yi, will go to Vienna on Friday for talks with Iran, a foreign ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday, as the nations left in the Iran nuclear deal work to save the pact without the United States.
BEIJING: China's foreign minister and state councillor, Wang Yi, will go to Vienna on Friday for talks with Iran, a foreign ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday, as the nations left in the Iran nuclear deal work to save the pact without the United States.
The spokesperson, Lu Kang, made the comment at a daily news briefing.
Advertisement
Iran said its foreign minister would meet counterparts from U.S. allies Britain, France and Germany, as well as Russia and China, in Vienna to discuss how to maintain the Iran nuclear deal, from which the United States has pulled out.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Writing by Christian Shepherd)
DAKAR: Donor nations announced on Saturday (Feb 3) US$2.3 billion in funding to support education in developing countries, following an international meeting in the Senegalese capital Dakar.
The Global Partnership for Education (GPE) - which brings together donors, international organisations and the private sector - called the figure "a substantial increase in funding" compared to the US$1.3 billion (€1 billion) contributed over the past three years.
The developing countries themselves said they will increase their own public spending on education for the period 2018 to 2020 to a total of US$110 billion (€88 billion), compared to US$80 billion (€64 billion) for the previous three-year period.
"I am energised by the generosity and determination we have seen here today to ensure every child and young person has access to a quality education," said former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, who chairs the GPE board.
"After today's commitments, we are seeing a clear trend to seriously address the global learning crisis," they added, in the statement released after the talks in Dakar wound up on Friday.
At the meeting, French President Emmanuel Macron, co-hosting the event with Senegalese counterpart Macky Sall, announced that France's contribution over the three-year period was rising to €200 million (US$250 million) from €17 million (US$21 million) for 2014-2017.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The biggest donors were Britain, with a pledge of €417 million (US$520 million), followed closely by the EU with Norway the third-largest donor with €260 million (US$324 million).
"The unprecedented support" means the GPE "can continue to focus on the most excluded and vulnerable children and work to extend assistance to up to 89 countries," said the group's chief executive officer Alice Albright.
Also present in Dakar was global singing star Rihanna who vowed on Friday they would "never stop fighting" to get millions of children back in school.
"This is a fight we are never going to stop fighting, until every boy and every girl has access to education," said Rihanna, who attended as the organisation's global ambassador.
Marvel is set to release the comic book adaptation of The Last Jedi this summer and it will feature new content that was not shown in theaters. While the movie itself was one of the more polarizing Star Wars creations, it still killed at the box office, which is a common trait shared by just about anything with Star Wars in the title. Unless it's China, but that's another story. Fans who did not enjoy The Last Jedi may be looking forward to the upcoming novelization as well as the new comic series, which will both be available by this summer and will include more information that was left out of the movie.
It was recently announced that The Last Jedi comic series will tell the story of the movie spread out over 6 issues. Marvel is promising that the series will contain "never-before-seen" material, which has led to speculation that we'll get to see Han Solo's funeral. We could also get more of the backstory on Rose Tico and their sister Paige as well. But what many are hoping to see is more of Supreme Leader Snoke.
Snoke didn't get a whole lot of screen time in The Last Jedi and many fans were hopeful that Rian Johnson would explore the villain's backstory, so we just might see some insight into where they came from. This is all wishful thinking right now since there hasn't been anything officially announced at this time, other than the promise of "never-before-seen" material. The first issue will come out on May 2nd with the 2nd following on May 16th.
Writer Gary Whitta, who wrote the comic book for Rogue One and Star Wars: Rebels episodes, is teaming up with artist Michael Walsh to collaborate on The Last Jedi comic series for Marvel. The comics, novelization, and Blu-ray release are all around the same time, which will be right before Solo: A Star Wars Story hits theaters at the end of May. Star Wars fans will have no shortage of new products to purchase in the coming months while getting some more insight into the story of The Last Jedi along with scenes that were not included in the final cut of the movie.
Jason Fry has written the novelization for The Last Jedi and Rian Johnson promises that the book will shed light on many topics that they were not able to address in the movie. It is imagined that the Marvel Comics series will do the same thing, but in a visual manner. Star Wars will be able to tear into Rian Johnson's story in even more detail now, which will lead to more questions that the director will have to answer publicly. As previously noted, the first issue in the comic series will be available on May 2nd. You can check out the covers below, courtesy of Joshua Yehl's Twitter account.
SEOUL: A new high-quality counterfeit US$100 bill has been found in South Korea, bank officials said Tuesday (Dec 12), prompting suggestions the sanctions-hit North might have resumed forging "supernotes".
A team of forgery specialists at KEB Hana Bank have confirmed that a US$100 note found at a Seoul branch in November was a fake which was almost impossible to distinguish from real banknotes, they said.
"It was the first of a new kind of supernote ever found in the world," Yi Ho-Joong, head of the KEB Hana Bank's anti-counterfeit centre told AFP.
Previous "supernotes" were dated either 2001 or 2003 but the new forgery is dated 2006.
The same methods including raised and dented printing and no-smudge inks that are normally used for real banknotes have been applied to the newly found supernote, they said.
"You need facilities worth some US$100 million to produce counterfeit bills of this quality and no crime rings would invest that much to make fake dollars," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Only state-level organisations can afford such facilities."
South Korean news media suggested the North might have resumed producing fake banknotes to circumvent tightening international sanctions against its nuclear and missile development.
But Yi said there was no evidence to link the newly found supernote to North Korea - although Pyongyang has a track record of its diplomats getting caught with high-quality forgeries.
The bank has alerted judicial and intelligence authorities about the discovery, Yi added.
SINGAPORE: An exceptionally bright Harvest Moon shone in the night sky on Thursday (Oct 5).
Social media users in Singapore posted stunning photos of the full moon hovering over the city skyline up to the early hours of Friday morning.
The Harvest Moon is the first full moon after the autumnal equinox, which was on Sep 22 this year. Two out of three Harvest Moons appear in September but this is one of the years it occurred in October, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Full moon over Singapore tonight pic.twitter.com/6LVYhC1AB6 — Vaishnavi (@vaishnavi) October 5, 2017
The moon rises closer to sunset during this time, leaving a shorter period of darkness between sunset and the moon rising. Farmers can therefore work longer hours to harvest their crops by the light of this moon.
Arrived in Singapore & the full moon is big & bright. Touch down & told immigration that I'm just going into town for hawker food. pic.twitter.com/1U1WQnFlsi — Cammie Phan (@Chiqee) October 5, 2017
Advertisement
Advertisement
The moon was also photographed appearing bright orange or almost red in other parts of the world.
Moon set this morning over downtown San Diego. Single exposure. pic.twitter.com/uoEdZWC33G — Stephen Bay (@stephen_bay) October 5, 2017
If you would like to send in photos or videos of something newsworthy, WhatsApp our Mediacorp news hotline at +65 8218 8281 or message us on Facebook.
Bipin Dani
Queenstown (New Zealand), May 30 : A Steward of the Lord's pavillion will ring the bell five minute before the commencement of the T-20 fund raising match between the ICC World XI and the West Indies on Thursday.
Official status is given to the match, which will be played at the Lord's, also known as Mecca of Cricket.
“The bell is rung before every session of play in every match at Lord's – the job is normally done by the Pavilion Stewards, except for the morning session of Tests”, Fraser Stewart, the Cricket Academy Manager at the Marylebone Cricket Club, speaking exclusively, said.
The ringing of the five-minute bell at Lord's by an international cricketer, administrator or well-known enthusiast of the sport is a recent tradition introduced some ten years ago by the then MCC executive Chris Bradshaw.
“The ringing of the bell by former players is usually something that is done on the morning of each day during Test Matches”.
Facebook login makes it feel like less of a hassle to sign in to apps, games, and services. But when you use Facebook to log in, Facebook gives those apps access to your data — a lot of your data. Worse, Facebook gives those apps access to the date of your friends, even if those friends haven't downloaded the app or consented in any way.
To prevent it, you have to prevent those apps from accessing your Facebook account. If it's too late for that, you have to delete them from Facebook so they can't keep accessing it.
Here's how.
How to revoke app permissions on Facebook for iPhone
Launch Facebook from your Home screen. Tap on the Menu icon at the bottom right. Tap on Settings near the bottom. Tap on Account Settings Tap on Apps near the bottom. To prevent any app or site from accessing your data: Tap on Platform. Tap on Edit. Tap on Turn off Platform. To remove single apps: Tap on Logged in with Facebook. Tap on the app you want to remove. Tap Remove app at the bottom.
If even that's not enough, here's:
Any questions about Facebook and privacy?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about Facebook and your privacy, drop them below!
A new report from real estate firm CoreLogic shows an unbroken 62-month streak of falling national foreclosure numbers, but Florida still ranks at the top of the list for completed foreclosures in 2016.
The December 2016 report shows national foreclosure rates falling overall. The numbers are nearly two percent lower than November's rates, with a nearly 40 percent year-over-year drop from December 2015.
The housing market seems poised to continue on a mostly upward trajectory – CoreLogic says the number of homeowners rated “seriously delinquent” in their payments is at its lowest level since June of 2007, well before the housing market crash of 2010.
Zeroing in on Florida shows the state's housing market improving dramatically, topping the list with a 41.1 percent year-over-year decline in foreclosure inventory.
But Florida also ranks first in the highest number of completed foreclosures in the past year.
Analysts say Florida's rate of finished foreclosures stayed high largely because of its long foreclosure process.
As Thomas Campbell begins their exit, the museum resets: “The wing will wait while the museum conducts long-needed repairs. Exhibitions will be cut back by as much as a quarter. And just as crucially, the Met is revamping its money-losing gift shop — because, as it turns out, America's greatest storehouse of treasures can't balance its budget without selling nicer scarves.”
SINGAPORE: President Tony Tan Keng Yam has congratulated Indian President Ram Nath Kovind on India's 71st Independence Day, which falls on Tuesday (Aug 15), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a media statement on Monday.
In their letter to the Indian President, Dr Tan commended the "tremendous strides" India has made since 1947, both as a nation and as "a major contributor towards international peace and stability".
They noted that Singapore and India were bound by "close historical and cultural ties" even prior to Singapore's independence in 1965. "50 years later in 2015, our relations were further bolstered by the signing of the India-Singapore Strategic Partnership," Dr Tan wrote.
"Our relations continue to expand in new areas such as smart cities and skills development, and to deepen in defence cooperation, trade and investment, finance and culture.
"I am confident that the future holds much promise for our special relationship."
Dubai: Rio Olympic silver medallist shuttler PV Sindhu will begin their campaign against lower ranked Hi Bingjiao of China in the women's singles event of the season-ending Dubai Superseries Finals starting on Wednesday.
World No 3 Sindhu has been clubbed along with No 2 ranked Akane Yamaguchi of Japan, Sayako Sato, also of Japan, and Bingjiao in Group A.
All the four players will meet each other in a round-robin format.
The other group has World No 1 Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei, Sung Ji Hyun of Korea, Ratchanok Intanon Thailand and Chen Yufei of China.
Olympic gold medallist Carolina Marin of Spain and world champion Nozomi Okuhara have withdrawn from the elite competition.
Sindhu is going into the tournament with a lot of confidence having clinched the India Open Super Series and Korea Open Super Series, besides bagging the silver at Glasgow World Championship and finishing runners-up at Hong Kong Open this season.
Meanwhile, Kidambi Srikanth has been placed in Group B of men's singles event along with World No 1 Viktor Axelsen of Denmark, Chou Tien Chen and Shi Yuqi.
Srikanth will be up against Axelsen in the first match of the tournament on Wednesday.
Srikanth has also been at the peak of their powers this season as they became the only Indian, and the fourth player ever, to win four Super Series titles in a calendar year.
They won the Indonesia Open, Australia Open, Denmark Open and French Open before they were forced to miss the China Open and Hong Kong Open owing to a thigh muscle strain, which they had sustained at the Nationals in Nagpur last month.
As directed byin their preliminary injunction order, lawyers for the state and for the men scheduled to be executed by the state have proposed a new plan for the lawyers of the condemned men to view the executions should a federal appeals court lift Baker's stay on the executions The proposal would allow attorneys to bring a cellphone into the Cummins Unit and turn it over to a Arkansas Department of Correction deputy director. Should an attorney wish to use the phone while in the execution viewing room, they could quietly exit the room and retrieve the cell phone from the deputy director and make a call, while another attorney stayed behind.Baker will have to approve the proposal.
Frances Bean Cobain‘s ex-husband claims their mother Courtney Love was willing to kill in order to get back Kurt Cobain's guitar.
Isaiah Silva is suing Love, their manager Sam Lutfi, “13 Reasons Why” actor Ross Butler, private investigator John Nazarian, musician Michael Schenk and more for conspiring to kill them with the intent of stealing back the Nirvana frontman's iconic 1959 Martin D-18E guitar, People reported.
Silva also alleges that the group engaged in burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking, intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass.
After a two-year battle, the guitar, which Cobain played during 1993's “MTV Unplugged” performance, went to Silva in the divorce settlement. In January 2017, Frances Bean asked the court to force Silva to give up the guitar, with a source telling Page Six at the time: “Of course, their priority would be to have it returned, but as we [wait for] the court to make a ruling, they would like a third party to have it.”
While Frances Bean lost custody of the guitar, they didn't have to pay Silva spousal support.
In their lawsuit, Silva claims that Lutfi, Butler and Yan Yukhtman “entered into a criminal conspiracy to commit trespass, burglary, home invasion robbery, assault, battery, kidnapping, and murder” against them in order to take the guitar on the morning of June 3 of last year, according to the publication.
They also allege Nazarian and Schenk “did assault and cause physical injury to Silva's mother while in Silva's presence and with the intent of terrorizing and intimidating Silva.” They also claim Lutfi threatened the lives of their mother and 7-year-old daughter Arlo from a previous relationship.
Page Six has reached out to Lutfi, Butler, Love, Frances Bean, Yukhtman and Nazarian for comment.
A 20-year-old woman was allegedly raped and then thrown off the fourth floor of an under-construction building in Begumpur area in Rohini in a semi-nude condition by a man who was later arrested, the police said.The condition of the woman is critical and they are yet to record their statement with police, reported PTI.The woman had gone out with their friend, their boyfriend and the 22-year-old accused.While returning, the accused offered to drop the victim home and said they would get their car from their house.Her friend and their boyfriend proceeded in an autorickshaw from Rama Vihar. Soon after, they saw people running in one direction, and learnt that a man was seen running away from a building after throwing the woman from the fourth floor, police said.By the time the police reached the spot, the woman had been taken to hospital.It is suspected that the accused forced themselves on the woman and when they resisted, they pushed them off. They were found lying in a semi-nude condition.Her family alleged that there was another man who was also present there but so far, police have only nabbed one accused.(With PTI inputs)
Guillermo Del Toro's “The Shape of Water,” Steven Spielberg's “The Post,” and Martin McDonagh's “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” were among the big winners as nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were unveiled on Monday.
“Three Billboards,” a revenge drama, “The Post,” a dramatic re-telling of the Pentagon Papers saga, and “The Shape of Water,” a sci-fi romance, earned best film and director nods in addition to picking up nominations for the performances of several of its actors. “The Shape of Water” nabbed a leading seven nominations, while “Three Billboards” and “The Post” picked up six a piece. The other best drama nominees were Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk” and Luca Guadagnino's lyrical romance “Call Me by Your Name.”
Unlike other awards shows, the Globes separates its film honors into the best drama and best musical or comedy categories. It also hands out hardware to television shows. The Globes are a looser, boozier affair than the more staid Oscars, with A-list stars downing flutes of Moet between victory speeches. They are also the subject of some controversy for their insular voting body of roughly 90 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which in the past has shown an appetite for accepting lavish junkets and meals from contending films and studios. The group is comprised of international journalists, and has made efforts to clean up its ethical guidelines in recent years.
On the television front, HBO's “Big Little Lies,” a water-cooler hit about a murder in a tony Monterey enclave, was also dominant, picking up six nominations. It finds itself facing off against FX's “Fargo” and “Feud: Bette and Joan,” as well as USA's “The Sinner” and IFC's “Top of the Lake: China Girl” in the best TV limited series or movie category.
Netflix's “The Crown” and “Stranger Things” will duke it out with Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale,” HBO”s “Game of Thrones,” and NBC's “This is Us” for the best TV drama Golden Globe. In the best comedy category, ABC's “Black-ish,” Showtime's “SMILF,” and NBC's “Will & Grace” will square off against two buzzy programs from the world of streaming — Amazon's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” and Netflix's “Master of None.”
Family film hits “The Boss Baby” and “Coco” scored best animated film Golden Globes nominations. They will face off against “Ferdinand,” a yet-to-be released animated film, and two adult skewing films “The Breadwinner” and “Loving Vincent.” “The LEGO Batman Movie” and “Despicable Me 3,” two of the year's biggest animated hits, were shut out.
Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman, who starred in “Big Little Lies,” picked up best actor in a TV limited series or movie nominations, along with Jessica Biel (“The Sinner”), Jessica Lange, (“Feud: Bette and Joan”), and Susan Sarandon (“Feud: Bette and Joan”). It's a sign of the blurring of boundaries between the big and small screen. All five actores are best known for the work in movies, but television has been offering meatier parts of late.
The same kind of prestige was evident in the best actor in a TV limited series or movie category. Two time Oscar winner Robert De Niro scored a nod for playing disgraced financier Bernie Madoff in HBO's “The Wizard of Lies,” Academy Award winner Geoffrey Rush was recognized for playing Albert Einstein in the Discovery Channel's “Genius,” and two-time Oscar nominee Jude Law picked up a nomination for playing a radical pontiff in HBO's “The Young Pope.”
Kyle MacLachlan (“Twin Peaks”) and Ewan McGregor (“Fargo”) rounded out the category.
Hugh Jackman scored the best actor in a musical or comedy nod for their singing and dancing work as circus impresario P.T. Barnum in “The Greatest Showman.” They face off against tween heartthrob Ansel Elgort as a getaway driver in “Baby Driver,” Steve Carell's turn as sexist tennis champ Bobby Riggs in “Battle of the Sexes,” James Franco's work as a delusional director in “The Disaster Artist,” and Daniel Kaluuya's performance as a houseguest in for a world of hurt in “Get Out.”
This year's awards are being unveiled at a tumultuous time in Hollywood history. Bombshell reports about Harvey Weinstein's decades of alleged sexual harassment and abuse have widened to ensnare other industry figures. Kevin Spacey, Brett Ratner, Dustin Hoffman, and Matt Lauer are just a few of the major media and entertainment personalities who are now facing accusations of misconduct.
Despite facing sexual harassment allegations, Rush picked up a nomination for best actor in a TV limited series for “Genius.” Christopher Plummer wasn't accused of any misdeeds, but the celebrated thespian owes their nod to the harassment scandal. Plummer was a last-minute stand-in for Kevin Spacey, re-shooting their scenes as J. Paul Getty in “All the Money in the World.” They earned the best supporting actor nod. Ridley Scott, who made the decision to scrub Spacey from the film after allegations accusing the actor of unwanted groping of several men surfaced, was honored with the best director nomination. Their competition includes Spielberg, Del Toro, Nolan, and McDonagh. Guadagnino was snubbed for their work on “Call Me By Your Name.”
Plummer will face off against Willem Dafoe (“The Florida Project”), Armie Hammer (“Call Me by Your Name”), Richard Jenkins (“The Shape of Water”), and Sam Rockwell (“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”)
The supporting actor category consists of Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”), Allison Janney (“I, Tonya”), Laurie Metcalf (“Lady Bird”), and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”).
Globe winners aren't always predictive of future Oscars glory. Last year, the organization gave its top musical/comedy prize to “La La Land” and its best drama statue to “Moonlight,” which went on to pick up the Academy Award for Best Picture. However, it failed to recognize the two previous Best Picture Oscar winners, “Spotlight” and “Birdman.”
The Globes will be televised by NBC on Sunday, January 7, 2018. Seth Meyers will host the broadcast, taking the reins from their fellow late night TV staple Jimmy Fallon, who emceed last year.
More to come…
LONDON (Reuters) - Global commodities trader Trafigura reported record-high volumes of traded oil and metals to beat low volatility in a competitive and low-margin environment, the company said on Monday.
FILE PHOTO: Trafigura logo is pictured in the company entrance in Geneva, Switzerland March 11, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
Trafigura, which rivals Glencore as the world's second-largest oil trader, said traded crude and oil product volumes rose to more than 5.3 million barrels per day (bpd), up from 4.3 million (bpd) last year.
It also doubled its oil trade with India, a pattern set to rise following its purchase of Essar Oil's Vadinar refinery with Russia's Rosneft and UCP.
Despite the sharp rise in volumes, the Swiss-based trader reported a 9 percent drop in net profit to $887 million for the year ending Sept. 30
The company has been on a push to reduce debt since 2015 and reported a lower ratio of adjusted net debt to group equity at 1.35, down from 1.48 in 2016. However, the debt to EBITDA ratio rose to about 5.5 from 5.3 the previous year.
Earnings before interest, tax depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) edged lower by three percent to $1.58 billion in 2017 while revenues rose by 39 percent to $136 billion from $98 billion last year.
Share buybacks also fell to $569 million from $719 million but exceeded the earlier mid-year guidance of $475 million. The firm is still paying departing founders, including the family of the late Claude Dauphin, but details on who was paid were not disclosed.
Metals and minerals trading posted the strongest gain in years, but returns on oil came under pressure due to low volatility and weaker margins.
“Market conditions for 2017 were characterized by robust economic growth that was very positive for the metals and minerals business where we saw increased prices,” Chief Executive Jeremy Weir said.
“Oil was slightly different, we had overcapacity, we had low volatility that adversely impacted market conditions, particularly because there was less arbitrage activity.”
Trafigura's oil chief Jose Larocca said that the oil market was expected to tighten significantly in 2018 owing to continued demand growth and stocks draws following production cuts by OPEC and other producers. In 2019, the company said it sees a potential supply deficit owing to a lack of investment in exploration and production.
Capital expenditure was cut by 48 percent to around $391 million and is expected to stay at this reduced level for some years.
Competition between Trafigura and its rivals has intensified with particular focus on lucrative prepayments, mainly with state oil firms. Trafigura increased these to $3.74 billion up from $3.21 billion.
In 2016, deals with state firms accounted for about a third of traded volumes, up from a quarter the year before.
The trader's rivals have also been boosting their volumes. Vitol remains the world's largest independent oil trader at over 7 million bpd followed by Glencore at around 6 million bpd and then Trafigura.
On the metals and minerals side, volumes rose 19 percent to 69.9 million tonnes. Trafigura said that it had increased its volumes of nickel and cobalt and planned to raise those further to cater to demand for battery-making materials for electric vehicles.
A key deal for part of this future growth was a financing and offtake agreement with Finland's Terraframe that operates a major nickel and zinc mine.
With successive Super Series titles to their credit, K Srikanth might be a strong contender at the World Championship but the Indian ace says they aren't counting their chickens before they hatch.Despite making three back-to-back final appearances, Srikanth said they want to start with a clean slate and would not even think of lowering their guard at the World Championship where the field boasts of the cream of World badminton."I am really playing well and I am confident. But everyone comes with their full fitness for such a big event. So for me it is not about thinking what I would do if I reach final but about how I will play in the first round," Srikanth told PTI."I got a big break after the three events. After such a break the first rounds are also very tough, so I was taking it match by match and I didn't set any targets," added the Indian, whose mid-season surge saw them rise to the top of the Destination Dubai Rankings.Srikanth said they would have to go full throttle from the opening round itself as even a slight dip in performance can cost one a match at such a big event."Every opponent is different and all the top 20 are playing well and it is about playing 100 percent from the first round itself," said the former World No. 3, who will face Russian Sergey Sirant in the first round of the Glasgow event starting from August 21."When you play an unseeded player, they don't have anything to lose while you will have pressure, so you can't expect to win if you play at 90 per cent."The 24-year-old from Guntur said they don't think much about their opponents as they believe it is all about how they conduct themselves during the match."I don't really want to think what others are thinking, I just want to think about my game. It is not about others, it is about me, what I feel during a match and how I really play my best during the match," the eighth-seeded Indian said."I am a person, who believes that it is 90 per cent hard work and 10 per cent luck, which is like believing in God. So during a match, it is 90 per cent my hard work, and rest 10 percent is about luck. At 20-19, there is not much to plan, you depend on luck for your opponent to make some mistake," they explained.Asked if there would be pressure, Srikanth said: "These big events will have pressure because people will want to do well, so there will be definitely pressure but I can only think about doing well."A Roger Federer fan, Srikanth said the legend's win at the Wimbledon inspired him."It is always a big motivational factor for me to see Federer make a comeback from injury and win a Grand Slam at this age. Their will is very strong, they were dominating everyone. They really let loose in the Wimbledon and winning it without losing a set. Those scores, beating a younger opponent in final, these are big inspiring factors," they said.Srikanth, who made the quarterfinals at Rio Olympics, had suffered an ankle injury at the Japan Super Series in September last year. They played at Korea and Macau before going back to work on their fitness.He had a good run at the Premier badminton League but big results continued to elude them as they failed to defend their title at the Syed Modi Grand Prix Gold and made first round exits at All England and India Open.On their injury phase, Srikanth said: "That was a very good time for me to take time off badminton and focus on what was going around and I think I really got time to do the kind of strengthening stuff."I got to know my body well and it has helped me to predict what is going to happen. It was my first brush with injury and it was the longest break that I had since 2009."Talking about their early days, Srikanth said: "I joined the Gopichand academy in 2009 when I was 16. I always had my brother (K Nandagopal) with me so I never felt that I am away from family."Initially badminton was a hobby for me. I liked playing sports but it was always fun for me. I became really serious when I joined the academy. Earlier, I never gave much thought to the training but after I joined academy I had to think about the off court stuff. So I started late in a way compared to what we see now as athletes now start early."
The German producer Wolfgang Voigt took 17 years off of Gas, the ambient project. Voigt released four albums under that name, ending in 2000, and then they didn't make any music as Gas until last year's Narkopop. But now it appears that Voigt is fully committed to Gas.
Later this spring, Voigt will release a new Gas album called Rausch. (The title is German for “intoxication.”) The album will include seven untitled tracks, and in its vinyl incarnation, it'll be spread over two LPs. Below, watch a trailer for the album, which includes a couple of minutes of haunted, ominous drones.
Rausch is out 5/18 on Kompakt. Voigt will play some shows in the US this month.
Crimea has a prominent place in every Turkish heart, regardless of political background. It was the ancestors of Turkic people who conquered and Turkified the Crimean Peninsula in the late 13th century. Two-hundred years after the Golden Horde, the Ottomans began ruling the peninsula for the next 300 years from 1475 onward. This is how Crimea became a vassal of the Ottoman Empire, giving the Ottomans authority to appoint the Crimean khan. However, Ottoman supremacy came to an end with the defeat of the Ottoman navy during the Turco-Russian war (1768-1774), which lead the way for Russia to enter the Crimean Peninsula.
This also marks the never-ending misfortunes of one of the leading people in history. This ushered in the beginning of ill-treatment, deportations and regular Russification of Crimea, whose majority population were Muslim and Turkic.In the 19th century, after the suffering of Crimean Tatars, hundreds of thousands of Tatars were forced to flee their homeland and came to the Ottoman Empire. They abandoned the peninsula, leaving behind their souls and a piece of their identity. This, unfortunately, culminated in significant losses for Crimea in terms of its Muslim Tatar majority, which was then systematically replaced by Russian-speaking Slavic people. Additionally, Crimean Tatar's distress did not end with the crumbling of the Russian Empire. Although the ideological transformation from imperialism to communism handed power over to the Bolsheviks, this did not alter the anti-Tatar policies of Russian policymakers. Particularly, it was Josef Stalin, who in the 1930s began the systematic deportation of thousands of Tatars.
Reaching this point in time, for about two centuries, the population of Crimean Tatars had been declining, but the coup de grace hit in 1944, when they were deported en mass to Siberia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and the Ural Mountains. In other words, it was a Crimea emptied of Tatars, and their cultural buildings, historical huts, libraries, ancient scriptures and cemeteries were mostly decimated.
Nonetheless, the post-Stalin era transformed the nature of harsh Soviet politics and Tatars became hopeful that they could now return to the peninsula where they cultivated all their ethno-cultural and traditional features. In fact, they were allowed to return to Crimea after the Soviet government admitted in the 1960s to the earlier wrongdoing. Intrinsically, with the collapse of the Soviet Union, Crimea became part of Ukraine, and Tatars were given full rights to resettle. As a result, the Crimean Tatar population reached 300,000 on the peninsula. Nevertheless, Russia's annexation of Crimea has blown away the hopes and these positive developments could not amend the Russian perceptional crisis in relation to Tatars, who are to this day perceived as the Turkish fifth column by Russia.
With the tide of nationalism washing over Russia, the second annexation of Crimea has become the catalyst of a new Russian nationalism in which Crimean Tatars are once more pulled into sorrowful agony. Russian President Vladimir Putin, as a nationalist leader, considers history an integral part of Russian identity. Therefore, for Putin, Crimea became an indispensable territory that symbolizes the new Russian nationalism that would also allow them to establish their own imagined society in Russia. For instance, defending Moscow's annexation on Dec. 4, 2014, Putin responded to the nationalist demands at home, saying that Crimea is as sacred to Russians as Jerusalem is to Muslims. Having made this argument, Putin based their new nationalism on rallying around the flag under one charismatic neo-tsar, whose desire has long been to re-establish Russian imperialism. This, indisputably, signaled the rise of the third Russification process of the peninsula.
The annexation of Crimea also paved the way for nationalism to become the only ideology in town, triggering the famous Russian spring, which the Kremlin employs to increase support for the government. This trend was also observed in the visible rise in organizations and groups that subscribe to the role of uniting the areas of the former Russian Empire. Moreover, this ethnocentric form of nationalism augmented the pan-Slavic ideas that exalt the superiority of Russian culture and Slavic blood, whose intolerance of non-Russian ethnic groups became more evident. Therefore, these groups have teamed up around Putin and their ideology, and their rhetoric put extra pressure on the Russian government for them to take harsher measures against Crimean Tatars. In this regard, according to a survey conducted by the famous Levada Center, 65 percent of Russians dislike non-Russian ethnic groups in Russia. Furthermore, Russians particularly despise religiously Muslim and ethnically Turkic people, and Crimean Tatars are no exception. All these non-Slavic ethnic groups are, therefore, compelled to obey the unseasoned rules of Russia's new nationalism.
Hence, from the Tatar perspective, the annexation was inadmissible, given the bitter memories of what they had experienced at the hands of Russia. For this reason, an ancient hatred still dominates the perceptions of both sides and allows us to understand the hostility in Russian- Crimean Tatar relations. Crimean Tatars are highly skeptical of Russia and Putin, and therefore they unilaterally advocate the return of Crimea to Ukraine. Indisputably, this unified a once very polarized and divided Tatar community against a common antagonist in Russia. This unity has been solidified by Russia's iron-fisted policies, particularly the persecution of Crimean Tatars, the prohibition of TV channels, the Crimean Tatar language and the closing down of mosques. In addition to this, politically active figures in the Crimean Tatar community have been portrayed by Russian authorities as extremists and terrorists, and have been forced into exile or imprisoned. Among them, Ilmi Umerov, the Crimean Tatar leader, was charged with separatism and sentenced to two years in prison; Mustafa Cemilev, the former president of the Crimean Tatar parliament known as the Mejlis, has been banned from entering Crimea; and Akhtem Chingoz, a prominent Crimean Tatar leader, was sentenced to eight years in prison for organizing mass demonstrations. However, thanks to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's personal efforts, they were allowed to leave Crimea for Turkey. Ordinary Crimean Tatars, on the other hand, face daily intimidation, threats, unlawful detentions, investigations, psychical attacks and disappearances and their mosques being raided. This tragically reminds us of Russia's practices following the war in Chechnya. Taking these negative developments into consideration, it can be said the political situation and social rights of Crimean Tatars have significantly deteriorated under Russia's occupation. It can also be argued that Russia does not want to coexist or acknowledge the Crimean Tatar presence on the peninsula. This concerns Crimean Tatars about the possible repetition of the same nightmares that had happened from 1783 onward.
Although the situation of Crimean Tatars has alarmed many in Turkey, Turkish policymakers conduct low-profile diplomacy concerning the ethnically proximate people due to the fact that Turkey is not ready to sacrifice its growing bilateral relations with Russia in the name of protecting Crimean Tatars. Nonetheless, there is a considerable amount of Crimean Tatars in Turkey, and Ankara's inactivity vis-a-vis the Crimean Tatar case has already led to unease among them. This automatically obligated the Crimean Tatar community to collaborate with the central government in Ukraine, where they are given rights to broadcast in the Crimean Tatar language. This collaboration mainly derived from the fact that they found each other on the same side in opposition to Russia. However, this conditional cooperation between Crimean Tatars and Ukraine does not guarantee their safety in the future. In contrast, Crimean Tatars need a stauncher shield in the face of an aggressive Russia. In case of failing to find that shield, Crimean Tatars may encounter another systematic deportation from the peninsula.
Today, the infamous motto, do not speak, do not fight, do not contemplate, is being utilized more widespread among Crimean Tatar families in an attempt to inculcate their children not to take part in demonstrations. This is mainly because Crimea has already become a milestone in fulfilling the pan-Slavic dreams of Russian nationalists, including Putin. However, what Russia's new nationalism underestimates is that Crimea is as sacred to the Turkic world as it is for Russians. Hence, this leads to a clash of dreams between two dominant cultures in the region.
Consequently, the witch hunt against Crimean Tatars continues. That is to say, Russian authorities make further use of accusations such as extremism in order to legitimize the dehumanization of Crimean Tatars. Every Crimean Tatar dissident is portrayed as an enemy of the state, which obstructs the peaceful coexistence of the two ethnicities. Therefore, it is our contention that Russia's annexation of Crimea is limited to territorial gains, as Russia could not and will not be able to conquer the souls and thoughts of Crimean Tatars, who continue their encircled struggle not to surrender. In this struggle, Turkey is seen as a savior, and Crimean Tatars are in dire need of Turkey's attention and assistance.
* Çelik and Dirik work for the TRT World Research Centre
NEW YORK: A Bangladeshi man with a homemade bomb strapped to their body set off an explosion at a New York commuter hub during rush hour on Monday morning, wounding themselves and three others in what New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted terrorist attack.
The suspect in the incident in the Times Square subway station near the Port Authority Bus Terminal was Akayed Ullah, 27, the New York Police Department commissioner said.
Ullah had burns and lacerations. Three other people, including a police officer, sustained minor injuries.
The weapon was a pipe bomb that was attached to the suspect, police said. New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo, speaking at a news conference near the explosion site, described the device as "amateur-level."
Cuomo told CNN the explosive in the pipe ignited, but the pipe itself did not explode. "So they wound up hurting himself, several others in the vicinity." They said the attacker obtained information on how to make a bomb from the internet.
Fox News reported that the attacker made the device at their job at an electrical company and there were no known co-conspirators.
Advertisement
Advertisement
De Blasio told the news conference the incident, which happened at the start of the morning rush around 7 a.m. EST (1200 GMT), was "an attempted terrorist attack."
The White House said the attack underscored the need for U.S. immigration reforms.
"We must protect out borders. We must ensure that individuals entering our country are not coming to do harm to our people. And we must move to a merit-based system of immigration," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders told reporters at a regular news briefing.
Several U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told Reuters that at this point there was no information indicating Ullah was previously known to any American spy or law enforcement agency for any connection to militants or terrorism. This did not, however, categorically rule out some such connection could be found, they said.
An authoritative U.S. government source confirmed that Ullah arrived in the United States seven years ago on a visa authorizing their entry due to the U.S. presence of family members.
New York City was a target, said John Miller, deputy police commissioner of intelligence and counterterrorism. They cited the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, which killed more than 2,750 people in New York and nearly 3,000 people in all; and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six people.
Ullah is from the Bangladeshi city of Chittagong and is a U.S. resident, said the country's police chief. They had no criminal record there and last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8, the chief said.
Ullah had a black cab/limousine driver's licence from 2012 to 2015, the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission said.
A pro-Islamic State media group, Maqdisi Media, portrayed the attempted terror attack as a response to U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition on Wednesday of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, according to the SITE Intelligence Group. SITE tracks and analyzes online activity by extremist groups.
However, CNN, citing a law enforcement source, reported that Ullah told investigators recent Israeli actions in Gaza were the reason they carried out the attack.
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding down a New York City bike path in a rental truck, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured 31 people when they set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea neighbourhood.
Monday's incident was captured on security video, police said. Video posted on NYPost.com showed smoke and a man lying in a long tunnel that connects sections of the sprawling Times Square subway station. A photograph showed a man lying facedown, with tattered clothes and burns on their torso.
'EVERYBODY WAS SCARED'
"There was a stampede up the stairs to get out," said one commuter, Diego Fernandez. "Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
The bus terminal was temporarily closed and a large swath of midtown Manhattan was closed to traffic. Subway travel was disrupted but later returned to normal.
In December, New York experiences a surge of visitors who come to see elaborate store window displays, the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree and Broadway shows.
Alicja Wlodkowski, a Pennsylvania resident in New York for the day, was sitting in a restaurant in the bus terminal.
“Suddenly, I saw a group of people, like six people, running like nuts. A woman fell. No one even went to stop and help them because the panic was so scary."
More than 200,000 people use the Times Square station, the city's busiest, each weekday, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Ten train lines stop at the station.
The bus terminal is the busiest in the United States, according to the Port Authority. On a typical weekday, about 220,000 passengers arrive or depart on more than 7,000 buses.
The bus terminal is adjacent to and above the subway station's western section. A long, narrow underground tunnel connects that part of the station to its eastern section, and is used by thousands of commuters during rush hour. Buskers and other entertainers at entrances to the tunnel often draw crowds.
The incident rippled through American financial markets, briefly weakening stock markets as they were starting trading for the week and giving a modest lift to safe-haven assets such as U.S. Treasuries.
Technology and energy stocks gained in afternoon trading, helping Wall Street shake off uncertainties following the explosion.
(Reporting By Nick Zieminski, Dan Trotta and Simon Webb in New York; additional reporting by Bernie Woodall, Roberta Rampton, Lisa Lambert, Gina Cherelus, Mark Hosenball, Serajul Quadi, Joseph Ax, Makini Brice and Fred Katayama; editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jonathan Oatis)
Almost one in four children in Northern Ireland live in poverty, according to a report by health experts.
The large number with deprived backgrounds is having a harmful impact on the health and well being of the region's young people, the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) claimed.
The RCPCH's State Of Child Health Northern Ireland report launched on Thursday found that:
an estimated 23% of children are reported to live in poverty
28% of children are overweight or obese
less than 28% of babies at six weeks receive any breastmilk, the lowest level in the UK
Dr Karl McKeever, RCPCH officer for Ireland, said: "We can't afford to ignore the fact that child health is not as good as it should be in Northern Ireland.
"Poverty is having a devastating effect on families, with smoking and drinking alcohol, poor mental health and obesity amongst children and young people all more likely to affect those from the most deprived backgrounds.
"Today we're bringing together experts from across the health sector, and beyond, to agree how child health should be prioritised and how we can ensure these issues are high on the political agenda.
"The current political vacuum makes it difficult to enact policy change.
"But ultimately, the state of child health will not improve without bold action from policymakers to ensure that every child, no matter where they are born, has the best possible chance of leading a healthy life."
The report makes a series of recommendations, including:
implementation of a child poverty strategy in Northern Ireland
introduce proposed ban on smoking in cars when children are present
introduce of minimum unit pricing for alcohol
regular survey commissioned by the Northern Ireland Executive to identify the prevalence of mental health problems among children and young people in order to aid the planning of mental health care services
appropriate mental health support offered in all primary and post primary schools in Northern Ireland
England's limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan expects Australia to be "galvanised" when they face their team next month in their first series after the ball tampering scandal in South Africa.
REUTERS: England's limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan expects Australia to be "galvanised" when they face their team next month in their first series after the ball tampering scandal in South Africa.
With former skipper Steve Smith and their deputy David Warner serving one-year bans for their part in the March scandal, Australia will be captained by Tim Paine and coached by Justin Langer for five ODIs and a one-off T20.
Advertisement
"What's happened to them in the last six months has the potential to galvanise a young, hungry side," Morgan told British media.
Australia will also be without batsman Cameron Bancroft, who was banned for nine months for their role in the conspiracy to illegally rough up the ball during the third test against South Africa in Cape Town.
First choice pace bowlers Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood are also absent through injury.
England, who top the ODI rankings, beat hosts Australia 4-1 in a limited-overs series in January but Morgan cautioned against taking the tourists lightly as the defending champions prepare for next year's World Cup in England and Wales.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think they will, with one eye on the World Cup, they will come with a strong performance," Morgan, who has a fractured finger but is expected to be fit for the series, added.
"So we're going to have brought our A-game to this series. And again it's going to be a good challenge for us."
England takes on Scotland in a one-off ODI on June 10 before they face Australia three days later.
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
Moving from manual to powered stretchers could reduce the number of injuries to paramedics by 78 per cent, a University of Waterloo study has found.
The study, published in Applied Ergonomics, found that paramedics who had access to stretchers with a battery-powered hydraulic system and an assisted ambulance-loading feature experienced significantly fewer musculoskeletal injuries on the job.
“In many cases, paramedics face spine compression that is well above the threshold limit. A manual stretcher alone can weigh nearly 100 pounds. Add on a 200-pound patient and a paramedic team is handling 300 pounds every time they raise, lower, lift or load the stretcher,” said Steven Fischer, assistant professor of kinesiology. “We estimate that a paramedic is lifting more than 1,700 pounds per shift on average, approximately the same weight as moving all of the furniture in a one-bedroom apartment.”
The study compared injury rates at Niagara Emergency Medical Service, which had implemented powered stretchers at the time of the study, with Hamilton Paramedic Services, which used manual stretchers.
One year after introducing powered stretchers, stretcher-related injuries among Niagara paramedics dropped from 20 injuries 100 workers per year to 4.3. In Hamilton, injuries increased from 17.9 injuries per 100 workers to 24.6 over the same period.
Each unit can cost approximately of $40,000 , and their availability varies among health regions.
“Although the units may seem expensive, they appear to offer a significant return on investment,” said Daniel Armstrong, the study's lead author and a graduate student in the Department of Kinesiology. “We found that the added cost to purchase power stretchers and load systems would be recovered within their expected seven-year service life due to the reduction in injury-related costs.”
Paramedics experience the highest incidence of work-related injury. Data from the Ontario Workplace Safety and Insurance Board indicates the incidence rates among paramedics are nearly five times higher than rates in any other sector.
“For paramedics, lifting and loading is a common element to almost each and every call,” said Fischer. “Knowing that initial costs can be recovered should help ease the concerns of decision makers considering a transition to powered stretcher and load systems.
“Without them, it's not a question of if injuries will happen, but when and how many.”
Adam Lallana is a doubt for Liverpool's game with Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday as the club continue to carefully manage the midfielder's fitness.
Lallana has missed Liverpool's last two matches with a muscular injury and has made just seven appearances this season, having sustained a long-term thigh injury in preseason.
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool must be patient with the England international as they work their way back to full fitness.
“It's really unlucky. It was a really serious injury in the summer. Because of Adam's quality and attitude in training, it looks immediately like we can put them in, [but] physical-wise he's not fit,” Klopp said.
“The two things that happened after their big injury were in the 10 or 15 minutes after they came on. From nil to 100 in a second, and that's maybe what caused the problem.
“We really tried to be sensible with it, to do the right thing. But it didn't work, twice. It's really not a big thing, three games is like not being injured.
“He's maybe available for Tottenham, and if not then he'll have missed three games. That's really OK but of course it's not cool. The body needs to adapt again to the intensity.”
WELLINGTON: A possible Labour-Green coalition narrowed the gap with the ruling National Party in New Zealand's final election tally on Saturday, strengthening their position in formal talks next week with a small nationalist party to form a government.
The final Sept. 23 election results confirmed New Zealand First, led by the outspoken and unpredictable Winston Peters, holds the balance of power in the formation of a coalition.
National won 56 seats and Labour and Greens together took 54 seats, leaving them both reliant on New Zealand First's nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament in New Zealand's proportional representation system.
National lost two seats to the Labour-Green bloc compared with preliminary results - a development which Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said buoyed their position at the negotiating table.
"We will continue our negotiations in earnest with potential support parties beginning this weekend," Ardern told reporters in Auckland.
"This now means that we have a strengthened mandate to negotiate and form a durable, stable coalition government."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ardern, 37, took over the Labour leadership nearly two months before the election, quickly drawing comparisons with youthful, cosmopolitan leaders like Canada's Justin Trudeau and France's Emmanuel Macron. They have almost single-handedly brought Labour to within reach of forming government.
New Zealand First's Peters has said they would only make a decision on which party to back after the final tally and after the results become official on Oct. 12.
Prime Minister Bill English told reporters in Queenstown that the final results did not change the nature of the negotiations, which would now likely focus on the economy.
"I don't think it weakens it significantly at all," they said, referring to National's negotiating position. "The fundamentals haven't altered, and that is National has significantly more seats than Labour, we are larger than a Labour-Greens combination."
POLICIES
If New Zealand First chooses to go with Labour, which are thought to have more in common in terms of policy, the gain in seats for the Labour-Greens bloc would make it easier for Peters to justify the move, analysts said.
Both parties have said they want to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways.
"If Labour, the Greens and NZ First had formed a government with a majority of one (seat)...that wouldn't have sat comfortably with many people," Richard Shaw, politics professor at Massey University, refering to preliminary results.
A Labour, Greens, NZ First coalition would now hold a three-seat majority after the final tally.
But some say Peters could be swayed to go to National given it would be a straightforward coalition between two parties.
Peters, a veteran New Zealand politician who has now held the balance of power three times, has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour.
The National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes, the Labour Party 36.9 percent, New Zealand First 7.2 percent, the Green Party 6.3 percent.
(Reporting by Ana Nicolaci da Costa and Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
Share:
PARIS-France had a million fewer daily smokers in 2017 over 2016, the health ministry said Monday, thanking the dissuasive power of higher tobacco taxes. In a special report on tobacco use in a country once synonymous with smoke-filled Parisian street cafes, the ministry did not mention whether electronic cigarettes have had any impact on the apparent trend. It cited figures from a random representative survey of 18- to 75-year-olds living in France last year. “In 2017, 31.9 percent of people surveyed said that they smoked occasionally, and 26.9 percent daily,” said the report. “These numbers are 3.2 and 2.5 percentage points lower, respectively, than in 2016.” This represented a decline of a million daily smokers in the space of a year, said the report. The ministry pointed out that tobacco kills about 200 people in France every day, some 73,000 per year. Globally, the World Health Organisation (WHO) says tobacco kills up to half of users - more than seven million people every year. In 2016, according to the latest WHO data, over 1.1 billion people aged 15 and older - about a seventh of the global population - were smokers.
The number was unchanged from 2015.
Tobacco use shows signs of a slow decline globally, though in some countries - especially developing ones - there is a rise.
Smoking has been linked to several types of cancer, heart disease and stroke.
French health minister Agnes Buzyn said the so-called “sin” tax on nicotine was largely to thank for the “encouraging” new trend, boosted by state-reimbursed cessation counselling and nicotine patches, non-branded packaging and health warnings.
The decline in French smokers was particularly steep among low-income puffers, said the ministry.
Buzyn intends to raise the price of a packet of cigarettes to 10 euros ($11.6) by 2020, up from almost eight today after a series of hikes in recent years.
The report made no specific mention of any role for the massive global switch, also observed in France, from tobacco to e-cigarettes that emit a tarless vapour that users inhale instead of smoke.
At the press conference, Francois Bourdillon of France's public health agency did note that e-cigarettes were “clearly” the smoking cessation aid of choice.
The survey found 2.7 percent of people in France were daily e-cigarette users in 2017.
SYDNEY: US internet giant Amazon will block Australian shoppers from its international websites to counter new tax laws on online purchases, it announced Thursday (May 31).
New rules require internet retailers like the American behemoth to collect a 10 per cent goods and services tax on everything bought from overseas sites from Jul 1, including under the current tax-free threshold of AU$1,000 (US$760).
Advertisement
As a result, Amazon said Australian shoppers wanting to use its global platforms will instead be directed to its smaller Australian site, which offers much less for sale.
Amazon reportedly baulked at the massive administrative burden of tracking GST from all overseas transactions.
"While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites," it said in a statement.
The retailer said it would compensate by opening a "global store" for Australians, adding an extra four million items previously available only on its American website.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"This will allow us to provide our customers with continued access to (our) international selection and remain compliant with the law," it said.
But even with the changes, the number of products available will be a fraction of what's on sale globally.
The new tax rules were brought in after years of lobbying by struggling local retailers, which have to apply GST to all online and store sales,
Low consumer confidence and tepid wage growth have also hit traditional brick and mortar retail operations.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Amazon only launched a local Australian site last December, shipping from a warehouse in Melbourne with another planned in Sydney.
It had around AU$1 billion in sales from Australia annually through shipping from overseas ahead of the launch, according to Morgan Stanley analysts.
Treasurer Scott Morrison said the new laws "level the playing field for Australian businesses."
"The government doesn't apologise for ensuring multinationals pay a fair amount of tax here in Australia," they said.
Don't try to install a Nintendo Switch emulator.
In much the same way some people will opt to play Nintendo Switch games on a computer instead of the console if it saves a little cash, there exists some people willing to disguise malware as Switch emulation software if it makes them a little cash. That's right, if you see something claiming to be a Nintendo Switch emulator you should really think twice before installing it. Switch emulators aren't a real thing, and installing that software is a really great way to turn your computer into a malware farm.
Scammers are taking advantage of a video floating around showing off Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild in 4K as evidence of Switch emulation, but that's not the case. What you see in that video is an unfinished version of the Wii U port for Breath of the Wild running on a PC. It is currently possible to do this yourself, but the game isn't 100% polished and may break in some areas. More importantly, it's not the Switch version of the game which means other Switch games will not be ready to play anytime soon.
If you're really eager to see what the Switch gaming experience is all about, your best bet really is going to be picking one up for yourself and trying it out.
Nintendo's latest console isn't just a portable gaming machine, it's a very powerful computer in an impressively small case. The NVidia Tegra X1 processor in this tablet was built to run in laptops and cars, and its Maxwell GPU is not something easily emulated by just anything. It may not be particularly impressive when compared to traditional desktop processors and GPUs, but emulating hardware is not a 1:1 resource expense.
The recommended system specs for the Wii U version of Breath of the Wild include 16GB of RAM, at least 3.5GHz quad core CPU, and at least a GTX 970 processor. Basically, emulating a Wii U game requires a computer that meets almost all of the same spec needed to run an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. While the Wii U and Switch are comparably equipped, the latter is using an ARM processor which is going to be somewhat more complicated to emulate.
It's not impossible for someone to eventually figure out how to emulate the Switch in a way that doesn't require a super powerful machine, but it's not coming anytime soon. If you're really eager to see what the Switch gaming experience is all about, your best bet really is going to be picking one up for yourself and trying it out.
As Nigeria continues to harvest negative statistics in neonatal death globally, stakeholders in the health sector have called for improve maternal and neonatal care in the country's health systems.
The Assistant Managing Editor and Team Leader, Inclusive Press Media, Kingsley Mba said that the workshop was organized to enlighten health workers on improved maternal and newborn care based on the WHO standard. They decried a situation where the global statistics has it that Nigeria contribute to 10% of the maternal and under 5 deaths cases globally, and this is not in any way a cheering news so they seek to establish the reason behind this prevailing trend and the possible way of averting the trend.
Mba said that the primary health care facilities in the country is discouraging, lacking the necessary equipments and shortage of well trained workers to man their facilities, “so part of the intervention programme is to provide basic equipments like delivery couch, maternity screen, delivery packs and consumables for designated health facilities in FCT cutting across the 6 area council and train them to handle them efficiently to ensure save delivery and the safety of the newborn baby,” adding that these challenges has caused some women resort to patronizing traditional hangout, so this necessitated the workshop to train workers and also provide them with the necessary equipment.
They also said that the workshop is intended to cover all states of the federation, but we are using the selected few workers to serve as pilot ambassadors who will later transmit this knowledge and skills acquired here at the workshop to their various primary health care facilities upon return.
Also speaking, the FCT Reproductive Health Coordinator, Dr. Ruqayya Wamakko said the workshop is of great importance to midwives as it also trains midwives on how to identify the danger signs in pregnancy, labour, during postnatal and on the newborn baby so that they can quickly refer them to secondary health care facilities for further management. And that the training focus on the WHO standard and the national guidelines on managing them at child bearing stage, delivery as well as postnatal using the checklists to monitor whatever they are doing.
According to reports, the 25-year-old Becker, a Burbank resident, was driving their motorcycle on the 5 Freeway just north of Echo Park when a driver rear-ended their bike and threw them from the vehicle just after 2 a.m. Becker initially survived the crash before a second driver struck and killed him, reports say.
These are certainly interesting times for the UK?s leading housebuilders. The increased economic uncertainty following the result of last year?s EU referendum has thrown up all manner of forecasts and predictions, ranging from the optimistic to the downright grim. But where do I stand on the matter? Brexit was a mistake Generally speaking, I believe Brexit was a mistake, and I fear the UK economy will suffer in the long run. That said, my pessimism doesn?t extend to the UK housebuilding sector. Indeed, all the housebuilders I tipped following the EU referendum have gone on to post spectacular share price gains….
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
These are certainly interesting times for the UK's leading housebuilders. The increased economic uncertainty following the result of last year's EU referendum has thrown up all manner of forecasts and predictions, ranging from the optimistic to the downright grim. But where do I stand on the matter?
Brexit was a mistake
Generally speaking, I believe Brexit was a mistake, and I fear the UK economy will suffer in the long run. That said, my pessimism doesn't extend to the UK housebuilding sector. Indeed, all the housebuilders I tipped following the EU referendum have gone on to post spectacular share price gains. So well done to those who were paying attention. But what about those who missed out on the recovery, surely it's too late?
Not necessarily. Granted, the sector is exposed to increased uncertainty and hence risk, but the housing demand and supply fundamentals remain the same. There is a shortage of affordable housing in this country, and consumer demand has remained resilient since last year's referendum. Our leading housebuilders are still paying out very generous dividends and I'm still pretty bullish on them all – except for one.
Now it's different
Some of you will remember me singing the praises of Bovis Homes (LSE: BVS) last October. I remarked that the Kent-based developer was likely to break the £1bn revenue barrier in 2016, and that it would continue to hike its full-year dividend payouts. Both of those forecasts transpired, and the share price has climbed 30% since my recommendation on 26 October. But 10 months on, things are a little different.
Earlier this year the FTSE 250 group reported a 3% dip in pre-tax profits, as it was forced to pay compensation to customers as a result of poorly-built homes. The company has since put in place a taskforce to address the issues, with a £10.5m provision to cover the cost of any remedial work and to pay appropriate compensation to affected customers.
Takeover bids
The company is now slowing its rate of production and targeting completion volumes for 2017 to be around 10%-15% below the 2016 level. This is likely to have a significant impact on profitability. The Chief Executive, David Richie, has since resigned, and the company has rejected takeover bids from rivals Redrow and Galliford Try.
I certainly wouldn't deter existing shareholders from holding onto their shares for the long term, but I think new investors should seek out other alternatives given Bovis's current issues.
A better alternative?
A good place to start could perhaps be Taylor Wimpey (LSE: TW). The top-tier residential developer gave a pretty good account of itself earlier this month when it announced its half-year results for the first six months of 2017.
Trading through the first half has been very positive, supported by favourable UK housing market fundamentals and good customer confidence. A special dividend of 10.4p per share was announced in addition to the regular interim dividend which itself was hiked to 2.3p per share.
The prospective yield now stands at 7.1%, rising to 7.8% next year, and the shares are available at a bargain 10 times forecast earnings, falling to just nine times for 2018.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc's brokerage unit is ready to poach bankers to expand its U.S. investment banking arm and could even buy small firms if the right target comes up, its chief executive said.
TOKYO: Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc's brokerage unit is ready to poach bankers to expand its U.S. investment banking arm and could even buy small firms if the right target comes up, its chief executive said.
SMBC Nikko, Japan's third-biggest brokerage by assets, launched in New York last year a niche team focusing on mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and debt capital markets in an effort to capitalize on Japanese companies expanding in the United States.
"If targets come up for sale, we have the strength to buy them," Yoshihiko Shimizu said in an interview. "But if we do buy something, it would be as much as a team (of bankers)."
"If that one team is a company, we'll buy the whole company. If there are 30 able people in a team of 100, I only want the 30 people," they said.
Japanese investment banks and brokerages are betting on the U.S. as domestic companies strive to escape a shrinking population and tepid growth at home by expanding in the world's largest economy.
SMBC Nikko's rivals Nomura Holdings Inc and Daiwa Securities Group Inc , Japan's biggest and second-biggest brokerages respectively, have this year beefed up their U.S. investment banking coverage.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nomura is boosting its ranks of investment bankers in New York, including senior hires in the tech and finance sectors. Daiwa, looking to earn more money from advising mid-sized firms, bought two boutique M&A advisory firms in New York and Baltimore.
Still, Shimizu said buying large securities firms could risk a loss of control - something that has hit Japanese brokerages before. Nomura's 2008 acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Asian and European businesses led to six straight years of overseas pretax losses totaling 385 billion yen (US$3.40 billion).
SMBC Nikko's New York team, comprising 10 senior bankers, focuses on sectors where the brokerage's parent - No. 3 among Japan's "megabanks" - has strong connections, including pharmaceuticals and raw materials.
In the year to November, the parent was the top advisor by number of deals involving Japanese firms, but only fifth by deal volume, Thomson Reuters data showed. Last year it ranked second by commissions and 10th by deal volume.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"Little by little, we're seeing success." said Shimizu, a 39-year veteran of Japan's banking industry.
SMBC Nikko will leverage its parent's lending business as an "entrance ticket" to broaden opportunities in debt and equity financing and M&A advisory, Shimizu said, with the company looking to serve major Japanese firms.
"You can't make money by focusing only on blue-chips. But at the same time I don't want to focus in America on small and medium-size firms," they said.
(Reporting by Thomas Wilson and Takahiko Wada; Additional reporting by Taro Fuse; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
South Korea and the United States are likely to hold a summit in mid-May, a South Korean presidential official said on Wednesday.
SEOUL: South Korea and the United States are likely to hold a summit in mid-May, a South Korean presidential official said on Wednesday.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity, ahead of a separate proposed summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Trump are also scheduled to speak by a phone shortly after the inter-Korean summit this Friday wraps up, the presidential Blue House said.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Consumer Reports said on Wednesday it now recommends Tesla Inc's Model 3, after the influential U.S. magazine's testers found that a recent over-the-air update improved the car's braking distance by nearly 20 feet.
REUTERS: Consumer Reports said on Wednesday it now recommends Tesla Inc's Model 3, after the influential U.S. magazine's testers found that a recent over-the-air update improved the car's braking distance by nearly 20 feet.
An initial review by the magazine a week back said that despite many positives, Model 3 had "big flaws," including braking slower than a full-sized pickup truck.
Advertisement
(Reporting by Sonam Rai in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
NANTICOKE — When Lake-Lehman executes its rushing attack, the Black Knights are hard to stop.
Throw in a couple turnovers by its defense and some timely passing, and the league's No. 1 rushing offense is even more difficult to slow down.
Quarterback Nate O'Donnell tossed three touchdown passes, running backs Matt Kurtz and Zack Kojadinovich grinded out three more touchdowns, and Lake-Lehman scored 21 points on turnovers in a 42-21 win Friday at Nanticoke Area in Wyoming Valley Conference football.
“I thought they were tough today and they just kept on grinding and fighting and fighting, fighting again,” head coach Jerry Gilsky said of Lake-Lehman, which improved to 5-2 with its fourth straight win.
Nanticoke Area first handed the ball over in the first quarter, when it came up inches short on 4th down.
Two Kojadinovich runs and 48 yards later, the Black Knights went ahead 7-0.
Midway through the second quarter, Nanticoke Area quarterback Colby Butczynski was intercepted by Elmer Souder.
A few plays later — and thanks to a pass interference call on 3rd down — Kurtz scored a 1-yard touchdown and gave the Black Knights a 21-7 lead.
The physical and bruising running styles of Kurtz (14 carries, 115 yards, two touchdowns) and Kojadinovich (nine carries, 71 yards, touchdown) proved effective.
“That's what we coach,” Gilsky said. “It all comes down to the weight room. How many guys are willing to dedicate themselves in the weight room as much as we do? That formulates right to the field. That's the style offense that I brought here for eight years. But I can't take the credit for that because all the coaches in our system, they've expanded it so much and I really can't complain for the most part. Overall, the energy is more — we have that and we're a young group. A lot of people don't realize that we're a very young group.”
Lake-Lehman effectively won the game when it recovered a Nanticoke Area fumble, which it turned into another score, this time a Kojadinovich touchdown grab from O'Donnell to lead 42-14 with 6:43 left.
Nate Labar caught the two other touchdowns from O'Donnell, for 25 and 11 yards.
The game was not without its highlights for Nanticoke Area (3-4), though, whose Joe Ammons had 126 yards from scrimmage and helped set up Butczynski's game-tying sneak touchdown early on.
Butczynski later connected with Keanu Ammons for a 56-yard touchdown, and Austin Cheslaw disrupted a Lake-Lehman pitch play and returned it for a touchdown.
Contact the writer: mbufano@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2060; @CVBufano on Twitter
BURQIN, West Bank: Israeli soldiers shot and killed a Palestinian teenager during an arrest raid in the village of Burqin in the occupied West Bank, Palestinian health officials said on Saturday.
A Reuters witness said about 200 Palestinians were throwing stones at Israeli military vehicles when a shot was heard, adding that a wounded person was then carried to a car.
Israel's military, which said it was checking the report, said its forces had been searching in Burqin for suspects involved in the fatal drive-by shooting of an Israeli rabbi from a nearby settlement on Jan. 9.
Israeli forces in the adjacent city of Jenin last month shot and killed a Palestinian gunman whom they suspected of involvement in the rabbi's shooting.
The Palestinian Health Ministry said the teenager killed on Saturday was 19 years old, while the hospital in Jenin where they were taken said they had been shot in the head.
The Israeli military said rioting had broken out while troops were apprehending several suspects connected with the shooting of the rabbi and troops had responded with non-fatal "riot dispersal means".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Tensions in the region have risen since U.S. President Donald Trump recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December, since when at least 20 Palestinians and one Israeli have been killed.
Trump's reversal of decades of U.S. policy enraged Palestinians, who want to create an independent state in East Jerusalem, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Middle East War and annexed East Jerusalem in a move not recognised internationally. It says the entire city is its eternal, indivisible capital. It pulled out of Gaza in 2005.
U.S.-led peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians broke down in 2014. A bid by Trump's administration to restart negotiations has shown no real signs of progress.
(Reporting by Ali Sawafta; Additional reporting by Maayan Lubell in Jerusalem; editing by Alexander Smith)
1:46 'Dancing with the Stars' bros share their best holiday party dance moves Maks and Val Chmerkovskiy from “Dancing with the Stars” want you to avoid those awkward holiday party dance moves. They shared six tips for nailing it on the dance floor, whether you're doing a salsa or attempting to swing. “Your body is smarter than you think,” said Val, while instructing Page Six video editor Maple Shipp. Their older brother, Maks, added that chemistry is more important than perfection: “Be wrong together, than right apart.”
1:11 The oral history behind Page Six's juicy 'Blind Items' “Just asking” was the little headline that launched a thousand Blind Items. To celebrate Page Six's 40th anniversary, Emily Smith, Steve Cuozzo, and the creator of the Blind Item, Richard Johnson, share the oral history behind the anonymous stories that put Page Six on the map.
0:53 Charlie Puth's Hollywood pad is listed to the tune of $2.2 million Charlie Puth relisted their Hollywood Hills home for $2.199 million. The 4,340-square-foot villa has five bedrooms, six bathrooms, a swimming pool, two kitchens, two fireplaces, a private patio, and plenty of room to plink on the piano. The “See You Again” singer also converted an upstairs office into a music studio.
1:23 Kim Kardashian's $2 million wedding dress will make you blush Carlos Greer has the scoop on some of the most over-the-top wedding dresses. Amal Clooney's $380,000 Oscar de la Renta gown was a real scene-stealer. Kate Middleton's lace-tastic dress, which was designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, cost a pretty $400,000. The most bank-breaking gown, however, goes to Kim Kardashian. Them dress cost an estimated $2.1 million.
1:18 Gwen Stefani shimmered in Christmas swag worth nearly $30K What does it cost to look as festive as Gwen Stefani? The star of “The Voice” wore tens of thousands in high-end fashion, while promoting their new holiday album, “You Make It Feel Like Christmas.” At the Grove in Los Angeles, the No Doubt singer shined in $21,000 worth of Djula jewelry, a $7,500 Celia Kritharioti couture gown, and knee-high boots by Casadei, which cost a pretty $1,250.
1:10 Stassi says getting a chin-plant was ‘the best thing I ever did for myself' Stassi Schroeder has no regrets about getting plastic surgery. “That breast reduction, and that chin implant, was the best thing I ever did for myself,” the Bravo star told Page Six's Maggie Coughlan. They added that no one in the cast of the hit reality show “Vanderpump Rules” is all-natural when it comes to cosmetic procedures.
1:53 The handsome host of 'HQ Trivia' gets quizzed on pop culture Scott Rogowsky may be the charming host of the hottest new app, HQ Trivia, but how well would this New York native do answering questions instead of doling them out? Find out as PageSix.com Editorial Director Maggie Coughlan quizzes Rogowsky on everything from the Hemsworth brothers to George and Amal Clooney's European wedding.
1:31 Only true fans know Beyoncé has a species of horsefly named after them Some facts run so deep that only a Beyoncé superfan knows the truth. Did you know the “Halo” hitmaker is a descendant of Joseph Broussard, the hero from the French and Indian War? Or that Queen Bey won their first talent show at the age of 7?
1:05 Britney Spears loves showing off their gym bod on Instagram Britney Spears is sexy, and they know it. The 35-year-old pop diva struts their gym bod all over social media. Known for their incredible dancing, Spears has found a new love for working out. “I love helping women feel sexy, strong, and confident,” they told E! News.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — Victims, their families, witnesses and first responders often rely on those trained to help them cope after traumatic events like the Kalamazoo shooting rampage or Wednesday's shooting near Washington, D.C.
“If you think about some of the traumatic events that have happened in our community — whether that's a car accident with multiple fatalities or if that's a case of child abuse or even a mass shooting — that there are people who are providing care to those victims and families,” said Amy Morrison-Maybee, a medical social worker with Bronson Healthcare.
About 80 people attended a Bronson crisis incident stress management training class at Western Michigan University on Wednesday to learn how to work with people after traumatic events like a mass shooting.
“Our attempt in doing critical incident stress management is to help people understand that the reactions they're having are the reactions many people have to this kind of event,” said Dennis Potter, who led the class.
The training came on the same day that police say a man opened fire during a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, wounding five people. The shooter was then shot and killed by Capitol Police.
“When we look at an event like that, we might be responding to the people on the teams, the players themselves, we might be responding to the people in the stands who witnessed it, we might be responding to the fire, police and EMS folks that responded to the event,” Potter said.
A similar crisis incident stress management team helped debrief some Cracker Barrel employees after the Kalamazoo shooting spree in February 2016. Five people were shot, four of them fatally, in the restaurant's parking lot.
“Somewhere between 93 and 94 percent of people who go through an event like this with a critical incident response, it's enough, they don't need anything extra,” Potter said.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
With Alien: Covenant set to hit theaters in a little over a month, 20th Century Fox is finding interesting ways to promote the movie, without having to reveal too much in the process. This latest batch of promos takes the franchise to an entirely new place, utilizing found footage to show some of the scares from a different angle, while also adding some of the human element into the mix. Outside of that, it has also been announced that there will be an Alien: Covenant VR experience on the way.
Starting with the new promo spots, 20th Century Fox released these online, to showcase a couple of new cast members from Alien: Covenant as they send messages back home. The first one features Katherine Waterston's character Daniels, who is sending a video message to their dad back on Earth. The footage of them talking to the camera is interweaved with jumpy footage of some of the other crew members having a bad day. The second message comes from Billy Crudup's character and is less scary, but still takes the found footage approach. It isn't clear if this footage will actually be used in the movie, but it would be interesting to see if Ridley Scott decided to at least partially take that approach. There will be plenty of twists in turns in Alien: Covenant that we don't yet see coming.
In Alien: Covenant, a lone ship heads for an undiscovered planet on the far reaches of the galaxy. The crew believe they have stumbled upon an untouched sanctuary. But there is a dark secret hiding in plain sight when an android emerges, revealing themselves to be David from the Prometheus expedition. What they have planned is not good for anyone involved.
In addition to the new spots, it has been announced that Ridley Scott's production company RSA Films will be producing a brand-new VR movie for Alien: Covenant. Not only that, but the company will be opening a new division dedicated entirely to creating VR content. No specific details were released about what the Alien: Covenant VR experience will entail, but it is directed by David Karlak. Here is what RSA Films President Jules Daly said in a statement about the new division of RSA Films.
"We have been heavily involved in VR for the past few years, and having a dedicated stand-alone division underscores our commitment to immersive media in both the brand and entertainment space. RSA's roster includes incredibly talented directors who understand the unique language of VR. We are pleased to offer this formidable resource to our clients."
Alien: Covenant stars Michael Fassbender, Noomi Rapace, James Franco, Demian Bichir, Katherine Waterston, Danny McBride, Carmen Ejogo, Amy Seimetz, Jussie Smollett, Callie Hernandez, Nathaniel Dean, Alexander England, Benjamin Rigby and Billy Crudup. The movie is directed by Ridley Scott and is set for release on May 19, 2017. Be sure to check out the brand-new Alien: Covenant promos for yourself below.
Baby doll hitmaker Kanika Kapoor says classical tunes are more in their blood than the party numbers that she's often associated with."I love being associated with the fun genre of party songs. However, while songs like 'Baby doll' did put me on the map and gave me the recognition that I am so grateful for, I also come from a classical background and that is not known to many people," the singer said.She studied classical music from the age of 8 under their guru, Anup Jalota."Therefore, classical tunes are more in my blood than the party numbers I am often associated with. When I was starting out in London, I would often sing all types of songs in my basement which I had made into my studio, a zen place for me to explore my singing."I love bhajans, Jagjit saab's ghazals, Sufi songs... I identify with this genre of music as much as I do with the party numbers," said the Chittiyaan kalaiyaan singer.Kanika's latest mix of Ambarsariya and Suit suit with singer Guru Randhawa for T-Series Mixtape is a peppy mash-up song."Working with an artiste as acclaimed and known as Guru Randhawa was a fabulous experience. It's such a perfect mix of two upbeat songs that still require skill to sing."I feel Ambarsariya is a song that is relatable for every occasion. You can dance to it and you can hear it on a long drive as well," they added.Composed by Abhijit Vaghani, the mix features a combination of instruments like dhol and guitar.
"What we told them yesterday is that we can't ease in to this," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said. "We can't expect to wait five or six games at this point in the season to mesh, and that's what it usually takes or more than that. But you do that and you're out of the playoffs.
Southington police are investigating reports of a loud bang after residents report the noise shook homes in the Southington, Wolcott and Cheshire areas.
Southington police told NBC Connecticut they were not sure what noise, described as an “explosion” was caused by but that authorities were looking into it.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Rory McIlroy might not play again until next year because of back spasms they have been battling much of the season, the four-time major champion from Northern Ireland said on Sunday.World number four McIlroy completed a disappointing major season with a three-under par 68 in the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow, finishing well back on one-over 285 for 72 holes in the year's last major tournament.After admitting an injury has nagged them for weeks and they were uncertain about their future, McIlroy made it clear they will spend the next week sorting out their plans for the remainder of the year."Look, I don't know what I'm going to do," they said. "You might not see me until next year. You might see me in a couple of weeks time. It really depends."McIlroy, 28, shared fourth at the British Open and seventh at the Masters but missed the cut at the US Open this year. After another poor major, they could feel the pain in their upper back muscles."Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. It's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks," McIlroy said. "I have upped my practice coming into these two events because I wanted to feel like I was in a good place in my game."But right now it's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores, but when I come off the course, I feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. Inside of my left arm goes numb."So I don't know what to do. I have got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward."McIlroy won last year's $10 million US PGA playoffs bonus prize and the season-ending Tour Championship, but they are uncertain about defending both, their priority being at full strength for next April's Masters, where they could complete a career Grand Slam."I feel like I'm capable and playing well enough to give myself a chance in it," McIlroy said. "At the same time, April is a long way away. That's the next big thing on my radar."McIlroy hasn't won a major since the 2014 PGA and struggled again this week."It's tough. I want to get back into that winner's circle," McIlroy said. "You don't want to be teeing off at 9:45 on the final rounds of a major on a Sunday. That is not where you want to be."I have a good bit of time to get healthy and address a few things going forward. As I said, the next big thing is April and that's really what my focus will be on from now until then."McIlroy said the pain is not nearly as severe as in May at the Players Championship when it flared."I can feel it. So it's there and I can play 18 holes. I warm it up, it's OK," McIlroy said. "But once I get done, having to go through the whole routine of getting it ready to go again the next day, you shouldn't have to do that. If I was injury-free, that wouldn't happen."McIlroy put off seeing a doctor to focus on preparing for the PGA Championship, but was flying home Sunday night for Northern Ireland to seek medical advice."I just wanted to put my head where it needed to be which was trying to focus on the golf," they said. "But the more I play, it's just not allowing that time to heal 100 percent."McIlroy already knows they need rest and rehabilitation to properly end the ache."An injury like this, it's eight full weeks of rest before you start to rehab it and then you go again," McIlroy said. "We took as much time as we needed to at the start of the year. That was basically seven or eight weeks. Got back and playing it felt OK through the Masters."McIlroy took time off to get married and enjoy their honeymoon, then quickly resumed full training."I didn't build up the volume gradually. I went from zero to hitting balls from three or four hours a day. That aggravated it a little bit," McIlroy said."I just haven't it allowed it the time to fully heal. I wanted to play the season. If I want to challenge on a more consistent basis, I need to get 100 percent healthy."McIlroy said the issue is why they haven't looked at replacing caddie J.P. Fitzgerald after their split. Pal Harry Diamond was their bagman this week.
This was taken just before I stepped out for the ceremony. My outfit turned out just the way I had imagined.
Vaibhav getting ready at home.
My sister Anaita Shroff Adajania with their husband Homi Adajania and their sons Zane and Zreh Adajania.
My nephews wore cool light up sneakers and matching suits.
Vaibhav walked down the aisle with their mum Usha.
I walked down the aisle with my dad who was wearing a traditional Parsi dugli.
We picked ‘Thinking Out Loud' by Ed Sheeran for our first dance.
Anaita, our best man raised the toast!
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Another successful Star Wars Celebration is now in the books, and one of the main fixtures this year was Mark Hamill, who was involved in events and panels throughout all four days of the convention. One of the panels they hosted was called "Hamill Himself," where they talked about an array of different topics. An announcement event, this year included the actor announcing the renewal of their TV series Pop Culture Quest, their involvement in Netflix's Mystery Science Theater 3000 and a whole lot more. The Star Wars icon also shared another amazing story about the time they saw the first trailer for A New Hope, where it was heckled by one fan in a movie theater.
Disneyland Experience debuted the full Hamill Himself panel on their YouTube channel, after the panel was streamed live on Sunday afternoon. During this one-hour panel, the actor revealed that one day, after having lunch with Carrie Fisher, they both walked by a movie theater, where Carrie Fisher had said that the first Star Wars trailer was playing. They decided to try and convince the movie theater manager to let them in just to see the trailer, which neither of them had seen yet, and at the very end, the trailer was heckled by a fan. Here's what Mark Hamill had to say about the first time they watched the Star Wars: A New Hope trailer, as Hamill and Fisher argued over who'd be the one to ask if they could step inside the theater without paying.
"I said, 'Why don't you do it?' They said, 'Well, you've been on television for seven years. You've been on all these TV movies.' We went in and we watched it. It was so early they didn't have John Williams' score. They didn't have very many special effects finished at all. A couple of shots of TIE Fighters, I think. It made a real impression on me because we hadn't seen any of the footage. At the end of the trailer, it said, 'A billion light years in the making. And it's coming to your galaxy this summer.' Big explosion. And somebody in the balcony yelled out, 'Yeah, and it's coming to the late show about two weeks after that.' Nobody enjoys a well-placed, snarky remark more than I do. So we both laughed, but after we laughed, we kind of went, 'Uh oh.'"
While some fans may not have responded to the first Star Wars trailer too well, by the time the May 25, 1977 release date had arrived, fans were lining up in droves to see writer-director George Lucas's sci-fi adventure set in a galaxy far, far away. The movie earned a record $307.2 million during its initial theatrical run, breaking the all-time box office record set by Jaws ($260 million) just two years earlier in 1975. After a re-release in 1982 and the Special Edition re-release in 1997, the film has earned $460.9 million, a domestic record that stood until Titanic earned $658.6 million in 1997. Mark Hamill also shared another story about being introduced to young children who have no concept of aging yet, after seeing them in the original Star Wars movie and then meeting them in real life.
"Their parents, who were young children when the movies came out, would get very excited and push them toward me, in airports, grocery stores, you name it, and they'd go, 'Look who it is! It's Luke Skywalker!' And you look at these 5- and 6-year-old kids, just horror-stricken. 'Oh, my God! What happened to this guy? They really let themselves go.' To have us come back, and show us the way we are now, show that the aging process is natural, makes me less self-conscious."
Fans will have to wait two more years to hear more of Mark Hamill's stories, since it has been confirmed that there will be no Star Wars Celebration in 2018. The convention will return in 2019, ahead of the release of Star Wars: Episode IX, which is rumored to start filming this summer. Take a look at the full Mark Hamill Himself panel from Star Wars Celebration below, where they discuss Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope and much, much more, and you can also check out that first trailer below.
STOCKHOLM: Swedish police on Monday (Dec 11) tightened security near Jewish sites following a fire attack on a synagogue at the weekend, which came in the wake of the US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Masked assailants in Sweden's second largest city, Gothenburg, hurled burning objects late Saturday at a synagogue where people were inside for an event.
The building did not catch fire and no one was hurt, but authorities took the incident seriously as it came days after US President Donald Trump recognised Jerusalem as the Jewish state's capital.
Trump's announcements drew international condemnations and and sparked angry protests in the Middle East.
Authorities have not revealed the attack's motive.
Police said they have detained three men on suspicion of attempted arson and prosecutors have until Wednesday to decide whether to extend their detention.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A police vehicle was parked on Monday near the Great Synagogue located in the heart of Stockholm, according to an AFP reporter at the scene.
Authorities have also boosted security for places of worship in Gothenburg and in the third largest city of Malmo, according to the official council of Swedish Jewish communities.
Malmo synagogue rabbi Moshe-David HaCohen on Sunday received Imam Sheikh Maher, a Muslim leader in Sweden.
"We do not accept any form of anti-Semitism or aggression against Jews in Malmo, in the same way that we do not accept any form of racism or discrimination," the two men said in a joint statement.
Sweden's Prime Minister Stefan Lofven also condemned the attack on the synagogue and "calls for violence against Jews".
"There is no place for anti-Semitism in Swedish society," they said in a statement.
The Swedish intelligence service SAPO has identified three militant movements hostile to the Jewish community: neo-Nazis, Islamists advocating violence, and some pro-Palestinian left-wing groups.
Gothenburg public prosecutor Stina Lundqvist told TT news agency on Monday that "there is no indication (the attack on the synagogue) is linked to the extreme right movement."
"Gothenburg churches have been burnt down and mosques have been attacked all over Sweden, which shows that events abroad can quickly spill over," the Gothenburg police chief told TT.
Hundreds of Palestinian women faced Israeli violence along the Gaza-Israel security fence while taking part in ongoing demonstrations against Israel's decades-long occupation. The protest was their first mass mobilization since protests erupted on the border three months ago. During the protests, at least 134 Palestinians were wounded by Israeli gunfire, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry.
"[At least] 134 Palestinians were injured and affected by gas due to the Israeli army's intervention on a women's march on the eastern Gaza border," Health Ministry spokesperson Ashraf al-Qidra said.
In a statement, the women's committee of Gaza's National Authority for Breaking the Siege called on Palestinian women to take part in the rallies, which began on March 30. "We are demonstrating today for a just cause: to end the years-long blockade of Gaza and return to our land that has been stolen by Israel," committee member Iktimal Hamad told Anadolu Agency (AA). "Palestinian women have paid dearly for Palestine," they added. "We will not give up our land or our legitimate rights."
The Israeli army shot a young Palestinian who was waving a Turkish flag, AA correspondents reported from the scene. Despite their injury, the Palestinian continued to hold the Turkish flag, while they were being transferred by medical staff to the ambulance. During the protests, many young people raised the Turkish flag and held pictures of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as a show of support and love for Turkey.
Since near-weekly mass protests began along the Israel-Gaza border, more than 135 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli army fire. The overwhelming majority of the dead and wounded have been unarmed, according to Gaza health officials.
Palestinians have held near-weekly protests since March 30, calling for a "right of return" to ancestral homes now in Israel. According to the U.N., among the dead are children, journalists, medics and many young unemployed men. Approximately, 12,000 have been injured. Over 1,000 children have been injured by Israeli forces in the besieged Gaza Strip during demonstrations, according to the U.N. Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Israel has long been facing international criticism for its harsh response to mass Palestinian protests. Rights groups have branded open-fire orders as unlawful, saying they effectively permit soldiers to use potentially lethal force against unarmed protesters. Israel was sharply criticized by a U.N. human rights body for killing protesters in Gaza and treatment of Palestinians, declaring it a "war crime" under the Statute of Rome. The high casualty toll triggered a diplomatic backlash against Israel and new charges of excessive use of force against unarmed protesters.
Speaking to Clash magazine, Ed says he's got a five-album plan based on what Bruce Springsteen did in the early 1980s. Springsteen released the successful album The River in 1980, but then followed it up with the stripped-down, less successful Nebraska in 1982. They followed that up with the multi-platinum blockbuster Born in the U.S.A. in 1984.
So, just like Bruce, Ed says he'll follow up their current smash third album ÷ (Divide) with their own version of Nebraska — a lo-fi, less commercial release. “I know people will like it, but I don't think it will sell as much as the last three, and that's the kind of intention,” they tell Clash.
According to Ed, the fourth album will slow down their career a bit, and then he'll come roaring back with a super-successful fifth album.
But no matter what they release, Ed says he'll continue to relentlessly promote their music…unlike some artists who drop surprise albums with no promotion.
“All the biggest artists I know still do [promo],” they say, citing their pal Taylor Swift as an example. “Whenever they release an album, all the…radio stations in America get a signed plaque dedicated to them…and they will meet and greet them and remember all their names.”
“…Some artists just don't…do it at all…- and it still works for them,” they add. “But eventually, when the day arrives that it doesn't work, the radio will just stop playing them because there's no loyalty or love there.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
MORE STORIES
The Mummy (2017) Movie Review Universal tries to get back into the classic-monster biz with the help of Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe in this Alex Kurtzman-directed adventure. Some have...
‘The Mummy': It's Time for Tom Cruise to Act Their Age Courtesy of Universal Pictures The ageless star has successfully spent years upping their action chops, but their latest movie shows there's an expiration date in...
Megan Leavey (2017) Movie Review Megan Leavey will pry those tears from you, dammit Can a film be clunky, manipulative, and schmaltzy, and still manage to get you choked up?...
“This will be the last Communist government in Kerala. The workers won't take rest until BJP forms its government in Kerala, West Bengal, Odisha, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh,” said BJP chief Amit Shah on Tuesday while on a two-day visit to Kerala, the state where their party is headless for more than a month.The discussions to select the successor to Kummanam Rajasekraan, who was appointed as the Governor of Mizoram, has created a lot of speculations about the changes in the top leadership too.It can be termed as a perfect paradox when someone compares the performance of BJP in Kerala and Tripura, two Communist bastions.While BJP could grab the power in Tripura in the last elections, from its vote share of a poor 1.5 per cent in 2013, it will be a challenge for it to capture popular imagination in the state even though it secured 16 per cent vote share in 2016.Here are the 10 reasons why BJP might find the going tough in Kerala:1. Big BrotherThe BJP may be a non-entity in the state politics, however, the network of RSS, once with a record number of Sakhas in the country, is a force to reckon with in the state for the last four decades, especially after the Emergency. Even without the help of an electoral victory for a political wing in its family, RSS is sitting pretty with its strong mass base. Many of its leaders and cadres demand more from BJP, where a number of its own members are in leadership, in performance and respect. Hence even minute differences with each other's leaders result in detachment with the political wing. Moreover, the other parivar members, the number of the prominent among them may number around 16, are not happy with the attitude of many of the BJP leaders towards them. Most of them express their dislike in public too.2. Operation MizoramThough the party-RSS tiff has been there for some time, the moving out of BJP president Kummanam Rajasekhran has aggravated it. According to RSS, Kummanam, its topmost pracharak in the state, was given to lead the BJP on its request. However, there were no discussion with RSS when they were removed from the post on the eve of a crucial by-election in Chengannur Assembly seat. A major section feels Kummanam was exiled.3. War on hashtagIt needed a hashtag to open the can of worms on the group war on the Facebook page of Amit Shah. Comments started flowing against former state President V Muraleedharan MP as they posted #avalkkoppam (with her) on their FB page in solidarity with the four actors who resigned from AMMA, the organisation of cine artists. Nearly 5000 replies under their post showed the mind of the party followers. Most of them were peeved at the leader's attitude as they were silent in the cyber-attack by an actor against a young woman - a former functionary of Yuvamorcha. Soon, the arena shifted to Amit Shah's page with complaints against V Muraleedharan. The mood was almost a reflection of many of the recent top-level meetings of RSS which came down heavily upon the leaders who run ' parallel party system'' even after relinquishing their posts.4. Restricted areasNearly 80 per cent of the state's Hindu population comes under two prominent organisations SNDP and NSS. The first represents Ezhavas(OBC) while second Nairs (Forward caste). Despite its best efforts, BJP could not get a decent entry into the organisational structure of these two. The alliance with BDJS a political outfit with the blessings of SNDP remains half-baked.5. Communal equationsThough the attempts to enter the minority vote bank were active it did not yield any result. However, it benefited some of the community leaders.6. Lack of focusIt looks like the party suffers from an identity problem when it comes to popular issues, almost a similar situation it faced during 2007 and 2014 in Uttar Pradesh. It failed to address the issues of its core voters, the Hindu community, as there was ambiguity in the opinion in some of them such as the entry of women to Sabarimala. This resulted in a schism among the supporters, especially women. In short, the party is yet to position itself.7. Public FacesThe number of faces who could be presented as a model in public is less. Barring a very few, those who appear in the Television debates lack content and get trolled on a daily basis while others have no connection with the public. It is also alleged that the old timers cleverly prevent the vibrant youngsters in the social media from entering the organisational level.8. Absence of friendsIt failed to influence more people and win friends outside its terrain. According to the party insiders, the plum posts which were given to some of them like actor-turned-politician Sureshgopi as an MP and bureaucrat-turned-politician Alphonse Kannanthanam as a minister did not benefit the organisation as it was expected. Curiously, there are four of the party members from the state in RS. Two of them are nominated while one was elected from Maharashtra and other was elected from Rajasthan.9. Combatant MediaA strong media, more vigilant on Sangh Parivar check it at every point and this increases the task of Shah.10. The forts of the allianceThe bipolar politics of alliance led by CPM and Congress with many partners is in place for the last three decades makes further makes things tough for the BJP.
Lausanne: Germany handed in its formal bid to host the 2024 European football championships on Tuesday, firing the gun on a race with the only other contender Turkey.
German Football Federation president Reinhard Grindel was accompanied by Germany's 2014 World Cup-winning captain Philipp Lahm, the bid ambassador, when the papers were handed in at UEFA headquarters in Nyon.
The now-retired Lahm said: "I played in the 2006 World Cup in Germany and I'm sure that we will once again feel that great enthusiasm and create a new spirit of solidarity at Euro 2024.
"We are a cosmopolitan organiser and we have modern stadiums and good infrastructure. Football is at home in our country."
Turkish officials are expected to lodge their bid on Thursday.
The host nation will be chosen by UEFA's Executive Committee on 27 September.
Germany last hosted a Euro in 1988 when the country was still divided into East and West. The Netherlands beat the Soviet Union 2-0 in the final.
The next Euro, in 2020, will take place in 12 cities across Europe.
Northern Illinois police are investigating the death of a disabled man whose body was found in a hot van.
Sixty-nine-year-old Charles McLaughlin was found dead Sunday evening in a van in rural Momence, near Kankakee. WLS-TV reports (http://abc7.ws/2ridBFg ) that temperatures in the area topped 90 degrees on Sunday.
Authorities say an autopsy was planned to determine the manner and cause of McLaughlin's death.
McLaughlin was a resident of a group home for men with intellectual and developmental disabilities in Momence called Good Shepherd Manor.
Good Shepherd Manor President Bruce Fitzpatrick says McLaughlin's death is devastating. They say officials with the group home are cooperating in the ongoing investigation into McLaughlin's death but they could not comment further.
Former Real Madrid and Bayern Munich coach, Carlos Ancelotti is set to be named coach of Italy's national football team, with the task of reviving its football fortunes.
Carlo Ancelotti, who was sacked by Bayern Munich last September, met with Italian Football Federation (FIGC) commissioner Roberto Fabbricini and sub-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta in a Rome hotel on Monday, Corriere Dello Sport reported.
The 58-year-old, according to Sky Sport Italia, has been offered a two-year contract, which is likely to be less lucrative than their previous deal with the German champions.
Italy have been without a permanent coach since Gian Piero Ventura was sacked after they failed to qualify for the World Cup for the first time in 60 years after losing to Sweden in a two-legged playoff in November.
Ancelotti, who has also managed Chelsea, AC Milan, Juventus, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain, has three Champions League titles to their name as a coach. They have also won the league in Italy, France, Germany and England.
The FIGC budget for a new coach and their staff is five million euros ($6.1 million) per year, which would be a big drop from the reported 12 million euros plus bonuses that Ancelotti earned at Bayern Munich.
Ancelotti joined Bayern in 2016 and won the Bundesliga title in their first season but has been out of football since they were sacked following a 3-0 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League.
Costacurta is reported to have offered Ancelotti, who has also been linked with former club Chelsea and the soon-to-be-vacant manager's job at Arsenal, a free hand in choosing their staff.
Ancelotti's son Davide, who was their assistant at Bayern, could play a role as well as former stars such as Andrea Pirlo, Gianluigi Buffon and Paolo Maldini.
Costacurta, who was coached by Ancelotti at AC Milan in the 1980s, was appointed to find a successor to Ventura and set a dateline of May 20 for the appointment of a new coach.
Among the other names touted were Zenit St Petersburg coach Roberto Mancini, Chelsea boss Antonio Conte and former Leicester coach Claudio Ranieri, now in charge of French club Nantes.
Italy's under-21 coach Luigi Di Biagio has been filling the position with the four-time world champions on an interim basis.
FIVE alleged drug peddlers were arrested in separate buy-bust operations in Minglanilla town on Sunday and Monday.
The drug enforcement team of Minglanilla conducted buy-bust operations in barangays Calajoan, Tulay and Pakigne from 9:30 PM on Sunday until past 8 this morning.
Ma. Luisa Bastida, Clifford Unabia, Mirasol Cabalan, John Vincent Capellan and Kenny Roger Sacris were apprehended in the operations.
ADVERTISEMENT
The five suspects yielded at least 33 triangular sachets of shabu.
The suspects are now detained in Minglanilla jail pending the filing of charges against them.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JONES
Those who know me, even just a little bit, know I love my job at the United Way of Wyoming Valley. I am passionate about our community and believe our mission of helping at-risk children, and families living in poverty is just, powerful, and meaningful.
We are about a month into our annual campaign season. As most can imagine, raising $3.5 million every year is a huge challenge. Every campaign, and this year will be no exception, I give 60 to 80 presentations about our work in an attempt to solicit the support needed to help improve the odds of success for local children and families in need.
As I wrap up my presentations, I am always happy to answer questions anyone may have about the work we do. I even enjoy answering the tough questions so that potential donors know exactly what we are trying to accomplish and how their gifts really make a difference.
This year, I was asked a question I was never asked before. A donor wanted to know, “Do you stand or kneel?”
This question, obviously, was about the current and hotly debated controversy in the National Football League and the implications it has on the issues of patriotism and social justice.
While I am missing the old days when I could simply turn on ESPN to get caught up on the scores and be entertained by the highlights of the games, here's my very personal answer to the stand or kneel question — yes, to both.
As CEO of the United Way of Wyoming Valley, every day I stand for the children of our community, and every day, I kneel in gratitude for all those who help us help kids.
That's my story and I am sticking to it. I know that this avoids the whole NFL debacle, but as opposed to debating the motives, intentions or politics of others, I would rather choose to spend my time trying to improve the community I call home, and I cannot think of a better way to do that by than helping children, empowering parents, and strengthening families.
Last year, through the services we fund and the programs we operate, more than 15,000 Wyoming Valley children benefitted by the support the United Way received from our donors. That is a lot of impact and I am very grateful for the kindness and generosity of every single donor who supports this important work.
Although I am very proud of what is being accomplished, there is still much more to do. Raising graduation rates, improving grade level reading, preventing child abuse and neglect, reducing addictions, and developing a skilled workforce are some of the many goals the United Way of Wyoming Valley is pursuing to help children and families and improve our community.
To all those who read these editorials and know my passion, if your children are doing well, have good health, have or are getting a good education, and live in a financially stable household, take a knee in thanksgiving and gratitude. After you do that, I then invite you to stand with the United Way. Let's do what we can to help all kids throughout Wyoming Valley have those same opportunities. Together, we can change lives.
This is what it means to live United and, to me, that would be much better than any ESPN highlight show.
Thank you for your support.
BILL JONES is president and CEO at United Way of Wyoming Valley.
“I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say ‘Hey, this isn't OK,' ” Gottlieb said in a statement to the Associated Press. “I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how ‘traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect.”
OSLO, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
** Chilean fish farmer Salmones Camanchaca ended its IPO bookbuilding on Feb. 1
** The Shares in the Offering are priced at NOK 42 per Share, it said on Friday
** Initially the price range were from NOK 38.5-48 per share
** In total 19.8 mln common shares were placed in the IPO, corresponding to 30 pct of the total share capital
** Salmones Camanchaca has allocated in total 9.18 mln new common shares and Compañía Pesquera Camanchaca S.A. has sold in total 10.62 mln common shares
** The Selling Shareholder will retain 70 pct ownership in Salmones Camanchaca and consequently the free float will be 30 pct following the Offering and the Chilean Offering
** Following the Offering, there will be in total 66 million shares, of which the new Shares represent 13.9 pct
** The offer price implies a market capitalization of Salmones Camanchaca of about NOK 2,772 mln (about $363 mln)
** The company will have its first trading day in Oslo on Feb. 2, starting at GMT 0800
** Managers of the deal are DNB Markets, Larrain Vial, Nordea Bank and Pareto Securities AS (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
Gawker may soon return from the dead.
While Univision acquired most of Gawker Media's sites last year (and renamed them as the Gizmodo Media Group), the deal didn't include Gawker itself. In fact, BuzzFeed reported last month that a bankruptcy administrator has not been able to find a buyer for the Gawker site, and that lawyers for Peter Thiel (the billionaire venture capitalist who helped fund the lawsuit that led to Gawker's bankruptcy) were arguing that he'd been unfairly excluded from the process.
Now a group of former Gawker employees calling themselves the Gawker Foundation has launched a Kickstarter campaign to buy the old domain and relaunch with a nonprofit, membership-funded model.
That might seem like an odd fit for a site as gossipy and mean as Gawker could get, but the campaign notes that Gawker was among the first publications to write about figures like Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis CK and others — often in the form of unsubstantiated rumor posts (for example, the post about Louis CK doesn't identify them by name), but still:
Gawker was willing to chase stories that other outlets considered too risky or salacious. But the truth is often inconvenient, and Gawker's work isn't done. We want to dig deeper. By setting ourselves up as an ownerless, advertiser-less, non-profit media organization, the editorial team will be able to do what they do best.
Which employees are involved? They include founding editor Elisabeth Spiers and former ad executive James Del, but the campaign page says most of the dozen-plus Gawker alums are going unnamed for now because they have other jobs. Founder Nick Denton told Business Insider that he's not involved.
As of 5pm Eastern, the campaign had raised around $29,000 of its $500,000 goal. The group says that if it doesn't raise enough money to buy the old Gawker site it still plans to preserve the Gawker archives and launch a new publication: “We're bringing this back whether we have the Gawker URL or not.”
Featured Image: Kickstarter
The computer revolution is nearing its end.
I predict that in a few short years, the invention that has revolutionized that ways in which we live our lives every single day will be but a distant memory. All the computers in the world will soon be sitting forlornly on shelves, unused, for a few years before eventually turning to dust, forgotten relics of a bygone era.
What will kill the computer revolution, you ask? Will it be some new form of technology that comes along to replace the erstwhile computer? Will we all wake up and one day decide it's time to revert back to a simpler time, like the ones before computers existed?
No … computers are going to die because no one will be able to remember their passwords anymore.
Computers used to be fairly simple — even for someone like me, who thinks a ball peen hammer is advanced technology. You sat down in front of your computer, you turned it on and then you went about the business of doing whatever you needed to do on your computer (which, in my case, consisted mostly of watching old pro wrestling videos on YouTube and arguing with people on Facebook).
It's not quite so simple these days. Seems as though everything you need or want to do on a computer these days first involves typing in some sort of password. You need a password to turn on your computer. You need a password to check your email. You need a password to log on to websites. I'm pretty sure you need a password to pull the plug on the computer — and if you don't type it in correctly within three tries, you receive some sort of electronic shock.
I even needed a password to log in to the program in which I am typing my column. It's important to keep my work software-secure, I imagine, because there are hundreds of people out there probably clamoring to sneak into the office and write up a sports story or a weekly column when I'm not sitting at my desk.
(Actually, judging by the email I receive, that may not be too far from the truth — people tell me all the time they could do a better job than me).
You know, it's not that I am against passwords in and of themselves, I suppose. There are plenty of things I do on a computer that are probably best if kept a secret and no one in civilized society knew about them besides me. That's fine.
It's the process of creating passwords that has gotten out of control over the past few years.
It used to be that you could use whatever you wanted as your computer or email password. Most people, I found, would simply use the name of their cat for their computer passwords. It made sense, I suppose — it was something easy to remember and could be quickly entered into the computer.
Not anymore, friends.
These days, creating a password for your email or computer programs involves entering a series of letters, number, symbols and ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics that actually are far more complex than our nation's nuclear launch codes.
For starters, all passwords must now be at least eight characters long. All of them have to have a certain number of letters, a certain number of numbers, at least one symbol and at least two of the letters must by capitalized.
So if you want your password to be the name of one of your kids, and your kid's name was David (congratulations on picking out a great name for your kid, by the way), you couldn't just make your password “David.” You'd actually have to make it something like d@vID!6845.
That's all great — as I'm sure it keeps your computer secure — but that also means it keeps your computer secure from you, because there's no way you can possibly remember all of that. So you have to write down your password on a Post-It note and leave it permanently affixed to your computer — all of which kind of undermines the whole point of having a password in the first place, correct?
What's even better, though, is there are some websites that make you reset your password every six months — so even if you do manage to memorize your password, you'll just have to change it soon after you finally learn it anyway.
Truthfully, it's lucky we are able to use computers to accomplish anything at all, instead of just sitting around staring blankly at our screen, trying to remember how many ampersands appear in our login password.
By the way — this likely will be my final column for a few months — my password changes tomorrow and it's going to take me some time to learn the new one.
David Fong Contributing Columnist http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/10/web1_FONG_201502.jpg David Fong Contributing Columnist
Reach David Fong appears at dfong@aimmediamidwest.com; follow them on Twitter @thefong
Reach David Fong appears at dfong@aimmediamidwest.com; follow them on Twitter @thefong
Sonic Youth still ain't getting back together anytime soon, folks. The band broke up, along with Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore's marriage, way back in 2011, and they have now reached the “ex-members selling off old gear” stage of nonexistence. The silver lining, though, is that if you're the type who enjoys owning lots of guitar effects pedals, than Sonic Youth guitar effects pedals, probably some kind of collector holy grain, are now fully obtainable.
As Sonic Youth's apparently-still-functioning Twitter points out, ex-drummer Steve Shelley — who has performed, in recent years, with their former bandmates Moore and Lee Ranaldo — is now selling off a few old SY guitar pedals on eBay. Only five of them are currently for sale, and all of them have bidding set in the hundreds.
Of course, since nobody expected Sonic Youth to get back together anytime soon, we can't exactly consider this to be bad news. And even as someone who knows absolutely nothing about guitar pedals, these things are fun to look at, and they have cool names: 1997 Lovetone Big Cheese fuzz pedal, HSW Honda Sound Works Dope Fuzz. You can put in a bid for your piece of American underground rock history here.
Nolan “Boo” Engstrom, son of Scott and Kathy Engstrom of Rogers, MN, passed away at age 19 on April 15, 2017. Celebration of Life scheduled for Thursday, April 20th at the Elm Creek Chalet at Elm Creek Park Reserve at 12400 James Deane Pkwy, Maple Grove from 4:30 – 8:30 p.m. A short memorial program is schedule for 6 p.m. Memorials preferred to 4 Paws for Ability Organization (4pawsforability.org) or Make-A-Wish Foundation (mn.wish.org).
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. (AP) — The long-awaited arrival of April the giraffe's baby in upstate New York has made Animal Adventure Park the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube's history.
YouTube says April's livestream had more than 232 million live views and 7.6 billion minutes of live watch time since February, second only to League of Legends eSports, which has been around since 2012.
The not-yet-named male baby giraffe was running around with its mother within three hours of birth Saturday at the private zoo in Harpursville, a village 130 miles (210 kilometers) northwest of New York City.
Animal Adventure Park owner Jordan Patch says the baby is healthy and April is recovering “perfectly.”
April and the baby will be introduced to the public when the park opens for the season next month.
SINGAPORE: A total of 1,108 private home units - excluding executive condominiums (ECs) - were sold last month on the back of more project launches, according to the latest figures from the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) on Tuesday (Aug 15).
The figure is a 35.1 per cent increase from the 820 units sold in June, which saw stronger-than-expected sales despite it being the school holiday period.
Including ECs, property developers sold 2,086 units in July, almost double of June's 1,064 units.
Of the sites launched, A Hundred Palms Residences - an EC in Yio Chu Kang - showed the strongest sales by selling all 531 units it launched in the same month. This was followed by Martin Modern in Martin Place, which sold 109 units, and The Santorini in Tampines, which sold 82 units.
Including ECs, developers launched 1,223 units in the last month, compared with just 159 units in June.
Nestle has been working to add new products to its roster lately, and it's going pretty dark with its newest addition. In case you missed it, you can now buy dark chocolate Butterfingers.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nestle announced back in November that Butterfinger Dark would be making its way to the candy aisle in early 2018, along with with dark chocolate Crunch. And it looks like the brand has followed through on its promise. A photo of the new candy was posted to Instagram this weekend by trusty snack blogger, Junk Banter, who referred to it as a "delicious take" on the classic candy bar before pointing out a very minor flaw.
"I find it a little challenging to appreciate the subtleties of a dark chocolate against such a powerfully peanut butter center," the blogger wrote in the photo's caption. "It's probably equivalent in score to the original but gets there by different means."
As always, we'll let you be the judge of just how delicious Nestle's new addition is. You can purchase Butterfinger Dark at any grocery store near you.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
Six teens from Redding, Easton and Fairfield were injured in a single car crash on Route 107 near Umpawauag Road at 4:45 p.m.
A black Jeep Liberty was traveling north on Route 107 when the driver lost control, “crossed the southbound travel lane of Route 107 , struck a tree and caught fire,” a press release from Redding Police said.
All occupants were transported to area and regional hospitals with serious to critical injuries.
The case is being investigated by members of the Redding Major Traffic Crash Investigation Team.
Anyone with information regarding the crash or its occupants is asked to contact Sergeant Tim Succi at (203) 938-3400 or [email protected]
The Government announced sale of its stake of 19.81 per cent in I&M Bank (Rwanda) Ltd to the public through an Initial Public Offering and …
Rwead more
An Indiana teen took their own life just days after being diagnosed with the flu, and their family believes the medicine Tamiflu had something to do with it.
Family members told Fox 59 that Charlie Harp was thriving in school and excited about being on the wrestling team.
"He's an amazing child full of life, happy all the time; you just never see them without a smile on their face," said Jackie Ray, Charlie's aunt and guardian.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The 16-year-old was diagnosed with the flu last week and was quickly prescribed Tamiflu. Less than 24 hours later, Jackie texted the boy and began to worry when they received no response.
"I knew something was wrong. My husband came home and found them in the house," they said.
Charlie had committed suicide in the garage. They were found by Jackie's husband, Brad.
"Just thinking the whole way here, what's different?" Brad wondered. "He's been the same. What did we do differently? And it clicked — they just started new medicine."
Most Popular
Family members say the teen had never expressed thoughts of suicide before and showed no signs of depression.
The Food and Drug Administration says this regarding the serious side effects of Tamiflu:
Children and teenagers with the flu may be at a higher risk for seizures, confusion, or abnormal behavior early during their illness. These serious side effects may happen shortly after beginning Tamiflu or may happen in people when the flu is not treated. These serious side effects are not common but may result in accidental injury to the patient. People who take Tamiflu should be watched for signs of unusual behavior and a healthcare provider should be contacted right away if the patient shows any unusual behavior while taking Tamiflu.
Harp's family believes they were not properly warned about the risks. "He had a total of two doses," said Jackie. "Two doses and this is where we are."
They now want other families to be aware of the side effects of Tamiflu. "The thought of someone else not knowing and [giving] it to their children, I can't bear that," Jackie said.
The maker of Tamiflu told Fox 59 they will take all reports seriously and conduct a thorough investigation.
Harp's family is currently raising money for a funeral via GoFundMe. To donate click here.
From: WCVB5
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
From: Good Housekeeping
Palestinian physics students just got a boost from world famous British physicist Stephen Hawking.
Hawking, perhaps the most influential living scientist, asked their 3.8 million Facebook followers to pitch in to the Palestinian Advanced Physics School, a physics lecture series for West Bank masters students.
Hawking gave a video greeting in the school's 2016 session, where British, American and Jordanian scientists lectured in a range of topics in contemporary physics
On their Facebook page, Hawking promoted a fundraising campaign for the school's continuation in 2017.
“I support the rights of scientists everywhere to freedom of movement, publication and collaboration,” they wrote.
Four years ago, Hawking drew the ire of Israel advocates when they withdrew from a conference in Israel celebrating the 90th birthday of former President Shimon Peres, now deceased.
At the time, Hawking said that the Israel's government's policies toward the Palestinians would “lead to disaster.”
[Source: Haaretz]
Comments
comments
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 edged to fresh records on Monday (Dec 11) led by technology shares, including Apple, which rose following its acquisition of song recognition app Shazam.
US stocks were in positive territory for almost the entire session, brushing aside concerns over an explosion early in the day near Times Square that injured three and halted activity in key New York transportation hubs for several hours.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 56.87 points (0.23 per cent) to close at 24,386.03, advancing from Friday's record.
The broad-based S&P 500 gained 8.49 points (0.32 per cent) to 2,659.99, also a second straight record finish, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index won 35.00 points (0.51 per cent) to end at 6,875.08.
Analysts described investor sentiment as upbeat after a series of positive economic reports, including Friday's November jobs report.
And traders remain bullish over the progress of tax cut legislation in Washington, which could reach President Donald Trump's desk by the end of the year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Analysts are looking ahead to a series of central bank policy meetings this week, including the two-day gathering at the Federal Reserve that culminates on Wednesday with a policy statement and news conference by Fed Chair Janet Yellen.
The US central bank is widely expected to raise interest rates for the third time this year.
Apple jumped 2.0 per cent following the Shazam deal, which is seen as a fresh bid to secure an edge in the intensifying battle of streaming services. Financial terms were not disclosed, but leading technology news sites put the deal at around US$400 million.
Other technology shares to gain included Microsoft, up 1.3 per cent, and Tesla Motors, up 4.4 per cent.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Disney rose 2.5 per cent as its animated comedy "Coco" again led the weekend box office list. Disney also is expected to get a lift from next weekend's release of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi," predicted to net a mammoth US$200 million in its opening weekend.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
No wonder they call Christians congregations “a flock”, since they're so easily led and so easily fleeced. Meet preacher Jesse Duplantis of New Orleans, who, in this video, is asking their sheeple to ante up $54 million to buy them their fourth private jet, a Falcon 7X. He's fleeced 'em thrice before, and here he's doing it again.
The Washington Post has an article about Duplantis and other “prosperity gospel” ministers who get planes by squeezing their followers like lemons, but the five-minute video below speaks for itself. How can people watch this and not be horrified by the obvious lies and dissimulation? As Christopher Hitchens said about Jerry Falwell, “you can get away with the most extraordinary offenses to morality and truth in this country if you'll just get yourself called ‘Reverend'.”
The best part of this video is at 1:20, where Duplantis says God told them to ask for this jet to “come up where I'm at”. They also emphasize that it's the ministry, not himself, who owns the plane. (That avoids taxes, of course!) And, of course, Jesus themselves would be flying around in a jet if they were here today (3:10)! And, as Duplantis maintains, “I can't live long enough to travel by car.”
The next time you hear a Christian reminding us that religion is good because it promotes charitable acts, remind them about the many preachers like Duplantis who direct that charity into their own pockets.
h/t: Olen
The Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2018 result is expected to be declared today, according to media reports. Candidates can check results on the official website, clat.ac.in.
The CLAT 2018 exam has been under criticism because of irregularities reported by multiple students, NDTV said. Several petitions were filed by students at high courts and the case subsequently reached the Supreme Court. The apex court directed the National University of Advanced Legal Studies (NUALS) to resolve the grievances of the students by today (30 May).
The NDTV report added that NUALS had set up a two-member committee headed by retired Kerala High Court judge Justice MR Hariharan Nair, to look into the students' complaints.
On Tuesday, another writ petition challenging the conduct of this year's CLAT 2018 was filed before the Supreme Court, Bar and Bench reported. The petitioner has sought the quashing of the test conducted on 13 May and for a fresh examination to be held.
The Supreme Court listed the matter for today (30 May). This petition, filed on behalf of 29 candidates from different states, through advocates Zoheb Hossain and Rajendra Dangwal, will be heard along with a similar writ petition that was heard by another bench of the apex court.
On 17 May, NUALS in Kochi has released the CLAT 2018 answer key, and those interested may download it from the official website, clat.ac.in.
Once the results are declared, the candidates can follow these steps to get theirs scores:
-Go to the official CLAT website, clat.ac.in.
-Click on the link for CLAT 2018 result.
-Enter relevant details of the candidate and click on submit.
-Download the result and take a print out for further reference.
CLAT 2018 exam was organised on 13 May for candidates seeking admissions to the five-year integrated law degree (Honors) undergraduate programme, or to the one-year LLM post-graduate degree programme in 19 National Law Universities (NLUs) across the country.
The CLAT online exam this year consisted of 200 multiple choice questions based on English, general knowledge, current affairs, elementary mathematics and legal aptitude.
CLAT, an all-India entrance examination, conducted on rotation basis by the National Law Universities (NLUs) for admissions to five-year integrated Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Law (BA plus LLB) and one-year Master of Law (LLM) programme,was conducted by the Chanakya National Law University, Patna in 2017.
As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks, the dates and times of result announcements have been frequently changed around. The information above has not been independently verified. However, this article will continue to be updated to reflect official updates as and when they come in.
ROQUE DIAS | NT
MARGAO
With no powers delegated to the south Goa district office of the social welfare department situated at the Collectorate building in Margao, beneficiaries including members of the student community from across the district face hardships in getting their applications processed.
Applications received from students of various south Goa schools for availing schemes of the department remain stuck and cannot be verified with the roster of reservations (caste) in the South Goa office in the absence of a designated officer. The students are, therefore, compelled to make a trip to the parent office of the department in Panaji after wasting their time in visiting the powerless office in the south district.
The government had opened the south district office by posting a few officials there around three years back with an aim of providing better service to people at the district level. The purpose has, however, been defeated, as the government has till date neither delegated the required powers to the deputy director posted in the south district office of the department, nor has the government provided the required number of staff members at the office to attend the visiting crowd, which seeks information on 50-odd schemes formulated by the department, especially for the benefit of the weaker sections.
The office, which is presently controlled by an officer, a lower division clerk (LDC) and a peon, despite the actually required strength of 13 according to Administration Reforms Commission, issues identity cards to senior citizens and also accepts applications from students, who visit the office for availing scholarships under different castes. Besides, the office also distributes forms to beneficiaries under the Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSSS). “DSSS is a major scheme of the department. People keep visiting this office for enquires and submission of forms but when we tell them that the process and the verification of the forms cannot be carried out here, they mock at us asking why this office has been opened?” said Santan Fernandes, the deputy director of the social welfare department, who is holding the charge of the Margao office. He, however, did not elaborate on the limitations of the south district office.
Interestingly, Minister for Social Welfare Pandurang Madkaikar visited the office recently to take stock of the situation. They enquired with the staff on the number of people visiting the office and on being told that many visit the office, they said that soon a full-fledged office will be started in south Goa.
“I had promised the south Goa MLAs in the assembly that I will visit the office before assuring a full-fledged office here. Today, I visited the place and felt that there is a need for it. Very soon, people of south Goa will have a full-fledged office in Margao,” they said after their visit to the office.
Share:
British police on Tuesday arrested a female healthcare worker suspected of murdering eight babies and attempting to murder six more after an investigation into deaths at a neo-natal hospital unit.
The investigation into The Countess of Chester Hospital in the northwestern English city of Chester began last year and is focusing on the deaths of 17 babies between March 2015 and July 2016.
Police are also probing 15 non-fatal collapses of babies at the unit over the same period.
"As a result of our ongoing enquiries we have today arrested a healthcare professional in connection with the investigation," Cheshire police said in a statement, calling the arrest "a significant step forward in our enquiries".
"She was arrested earlier this morning on suspicion of murder in relation to eight of the babies and attempted murder in relation to six of the babies and is currently in custody," it said.
Police said the investigation, dubbed "Operation Hummingbird", was still "very much active and ongoing at this stage".
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers," the statement said.
BEIJING (Reuters) - The North Korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday, and called on the "relevant side" to exercise restraint, state television said.
Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded", as Pyongyang accused them of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm.
Xi told Trump that it was in the joint interests of both China and the United States to achieve the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and protect peace and stability there, state television said in a brief report.
"The relevant side must at present exercise restraint, and avoid words and actions that exacerbate tensions on the Korean peninsula," the report paraphrased Xi as saying.
Resolving the nuclear issue ultimately needs to be done politically via talks, and China is willing to maintain communication with the United States on the basis of mutual respect to push for an appropriate resolution, Xi added.
Chinese state television cited Trump as telling Xi that they fully understand the role China has been playing on the North Korean nuclear issue.
KUALA LUMPUR: The Malaysian government should introduce shariah-compliant uniforms for flight flight attendantesses serving the country's airline companies in portraying its image as a Muslim country, said senator Hanafi Mamat on Tuesday (Dec 12).
The UMNO division head for Pasir Mas said the move would not hurt the airline companies because their survival depended on delivery of service quality.
"We are proud that Malaysia is an Islamic country with its own cultural identity, but when our flight flight attendantesses dress sexily and disrespectfully, this will give tourists who use the services of our national carriers the wrong impression.
"The time has come for the government to provide new uniform guidelines which will portray Malaysia as a Muslim country with strong Eastern values," they said during the debate on the Supply Bill 2018 at the Dewan Negara.
Re: America in better political hands than Canada (Letter, Aug. 11)
Like the letter writer, I'm not sure I always can tell a natural leader from a sociopath. But I do know that people can be a little like minnows. We like to stick together and move along with each other.
But a scientist once took a minnow and removed the part of its brain that tells it to stick with the other minnows. What happened is that, when it struck out on its own, all the other minnows swam along behind as if thinking, if they could think, that this upstart minnow must know what he's doing.
Sociopaths seem to have a similar lacuna in their brain that keeps them apart from the rest of us. But because they follow no one else and won't follow the herd, the herd follows them.
Frank Olenski
Brantford
Bigger flags
In my summer holiday by car to Florida, I saw quite clearly that the citizens of the United States are proud to display the American flag, from households to institutions. I am so impressed by the very large flags that fly as we enter the United States. We in Canada may not be as overtly nationalistic, but it would reflect our respect and pride in Canada, this 150th anniversary, if at the entry points to Canada, there could be a full flag displayed that is more than a "postage stamp" size. Canada has much to learn in flag flying from the United States.
Roman Mukerjee
Ottawa
Dangerous drivers
Being a Canadian for almost 86 years, born in N.S. in 1931 and a transport driver longer than I care to remember, I have seen many accidents on the roads. Most are caused by inexperienced drivers. I saw on Aug. 9 a driver cross three lanes of traffic to turn off the main roadway, another blowing their horn at me making a legal left turn at a stop light because I waited for a man in a mobility scooter. These drivers were both under 40 years old. Is that what we are to expect in the future?
Fred Grove
Rexdale, Ont.
The United States appears to have shelved an "all or nothing" approach to North Korean denuclearisation as U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo prepares to head back to North Korea this week hoping to agree a roadmap for its nuclear disarmament.
WASHINGTON: The United States appears to have shelved an "all or nothing" approach to North Korean denuclearisation as US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo prepares to head back to North Korea this week hoping to agree a roadmap for its nuclear disarmament.
Pompeo will spend a day and a half in North Korea on Friday and Saturday on what will be their third trip to the country this year, and their first since an unprecedented summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore on Jun 12.
Advertisement
It will be Pompeo's first overnight stop in the country, with which the United States had remained technically at war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice not a peace treaty.
At the Singapore summit, Kim made a broad commitment to "work towards denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula," but has made no mention of how or when Pyongyang might give up a nuclear weapons programme that threatens the United States and its allies.
US officials have since been trying to flesh out an agreement critics say is short on substance and map a route to a deal that might live up to Trump's enthusiastic portrayal of the summit outcome.
But US officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there had been no sign of a breakthrough and little progress towards even defining the keys terms of any agreement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
What has been seen instead is an apparent softening in the Trump administration's approach, in spite of what US officials say are intelligence assessments saying that North Korea is continuing to deceive Washington about its weapons programmes.
The US administration has previously demanded that North Korea agree to abandon its entire nuclear programme before it could expect any relief from tough international sanctions. Ahead of the Singapore summit, Pompeo said Trump would reject anything short of "complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearisation."
But following talks on Sunday between US envoy Sung Kim and North Korean counterparts to set up Pompeo's latest Pyongyang visit, this "CVID" mantra appears suddenly to have disappeared from the State Department lexicon.
It says pressure will remain until North Korea denuclearises, but in statements this week, has redefined the US goal as "the final, fully verified denuclearisation of (North Korea) as agreed to by Chairman Kim."
STEP BACK
Two US officials said the Trump administration had stepped back from its CVID demand on South Korea's advice.
The South Koreans, who have been pursuing their own talks with North Korea, argued that step-by-step negotiations were more likely to be successful than insisting Pyongyang yield to all US demands before any concessions.
There was also a realisation, one official said, that maintaining Chinese and Russian cooperation over North Korea would be “more problematic if the US stuck to an all-or-nothing posture.”
The official said that the North Koreans had largely refused in talks with Sung Kim to respond to attempts to define the key terms of an eventual agreement, including the words complete, verifiable and irreversible.
“The choice was either bend it or break it,” one of the officials said.
A senior South Korean official told US officials in a meeting in Washington last month that the US side should stop pressing for CVID, which North Korea saw as a recipe for unilateral disarmament that would leave it vulnerable to regime change, according to a source familiar with the discussions.
The South Korean official suggested that the US instead refer to "mutual threat reduction," the source said.
The official also argued that it would be difficult to inspect North Korean nuclear and missile facilities in a conventional way involving "hundreds" of international investigators, as Pyongyang would be unlikely to accept.
Patrick Cronin of the Centre for a New American Security, an Asia expert in close touch with US and South Korean officials, said the thinking seemed to be that although Kim would not want to give up their entire nuclear programme anytime soon, they might be willing to dismantle major portions of it.
"The US may be exploring the degree to which they will dismantle major programmes within the coming months, and if dropping some language to do this is required, Washington seems willing to do that at this point," they said.
"Because verified denuclearisation of the main elements of a nuclear and missile programme is the best that can be hoped for, Washington has quietly begun emphasising final, fully verified denuclearisation,” they said.
"Ambiguity in language may open up space for agreement despite the fact that interlocutors have different goals in mind. This is what is occurring right now as Washington and Pyongyang engage in talks to determine whether a workable deal is possible."
White House national security adviser John Bolton said on Sunday the bulk of North Korea's weapons programs could be dismantled within a year - "if they have the strategic decision already made to do that."
On Tuesday, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert declined give a time frame for North Korea's denuclearisation.
"I know some individuals have given timelines; we're not going to provide a timeline for that," they said. "A lot of work is left to be done, certainly. We go into these eyes wide open."
ARCHITECTURE
Oh planning+design has promoted Tim Ayersman to senior associate. They have over 20 years of professional experience in architecture, with an emphasis on educational projects. Ayersman received a bachelor's degree in architecture from the University of Idaho.
Please send your announcements for DJC People to djcpeople@djcOregon.com.
GREENWICH — On Saturday, the Northmor Lady Knights played their fourth game of the week on the road against South Central. The won 12-5 to improve to 8-3.
The Knights were 3-1 during the week to improve to 8-3 overall and 4-2 in the MOAC Blue.
Against South Central, Northmor scored 12 runs on 21 hits, record three errors and strand 14 runners on the base path. Shelbey Lilly picked up the pitching win, going the duration for the Knights.
Cristianna Boggs had four hits, including a triple, Lindsey Wiseman had three singles, Lydia Farley had a double and two singles. Andrea Weis stayed busy at the plate with a double and two singles. Lily Tate knocked two singles and a big home run, Alee Ivy had two singles and Aly Blunk and Brianna Bennett continued the hitting barrage with a single apiece.
Northmor 17, Cardington 8
CENTERBURG — Northmor beat Cardington 17-8 Friday behind big bats and the pitching of Lilly. Lilly went the distance, allowing 10 hits, eight runs (seven earned), allowed a home run while walking two and fanning five. Lilly helped them cause with three singles at the plate.
Boggs belted four singles, scoring three runs and driving in a runner. Wiseman had a single, a double, two runs scored and an RBI. Lydia Farley had a pair of singles, Blunk had three singles, Brianna Bennett also had two singles and Tate two as well. Weis finished the day with two singles, two runs and 6 RBI via a home run.
In other action last week, it was Cardington 16, Northmor 5 on Wednesday Northmor 4, Mount Gilead 0 Monday.
Tonight, Northmor is at Howard to take on East Knox and they play host to East Knox on Tuesday.
Northmor baseball falls 13-2 to Centerburg
CENTERBURG — On Friday April 14, the Northmor baseball squad was on the road in MOAC Blue action against the Centerburg Trojans. Centerburg defended its home diamond, willing 12-3.
Nate Hall and Conor Becker had multi-hit games for the Knights. Hall had a single and a double with an RBIand Becker had three singles.
Mostyn Evans, Chris Bood, Hunter Mariotti and Sam Eichorn hit singles.
Northmor used four pitchers on the day in the loss, starting with Kyle Kegley. Kegley went 3.1 innings, allowing four hits, seven runs (four earned), walking four and striking out just one hitter. Alijah Keen threw 0.2 innings of relieft, allowing a pair of hits, and earned run and walked two. Bood pitched the next 1.1 innings, walking one, allowing four hits and four runs (one earned). Hayes Bentley finished up the game with 0.2 innings of work and allowed just one hit.
The Golden Knights are now 6-4 on the season and an even 3-3 in MOAC Blue play.
The Knights are at East Knox this afternoon and East Knox comes to Northmor Tuesday.
http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Golden-Knights-Logo-4.jpg
By Chad Clinger [email protected]
1/4 Scores of agitating students demanding jobs in railways blocked rail traffic, including suburban services between Matunga and Dadar stations, causing difficulties to lakhs of commuters on Tuesday. Image procured by Sanjay Sawant Scores of agitating students demanding jobs in railways blocked rail traffic, including suburban...
2/4 The students blocked the rail track at 7 in the morning, forcing railway to stop the suburban as well as express trains in the affected section between Matunga and CSMT. Image procured by Sanjay Sawant The students blocked the rail track at 7 in the morning, forcing railway to stop the suburban as...
3/4 "There has been no recruitment for the last four years. We are running from pillar to post. Over 10 students have committed suicide. We cannot let such things happen," a student, who was part of the protest, said. Image procured by Sanjay Sawant "There has been no recruitment for the last four years. We are running from pillar to post. Over...
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Two years ago, Wegscheid was on the front lines of Europe's refugee crisis. When Germany voted last week, the village, like many along the Austrian border, swung hard to the far right, straining Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative alliance.
WEGSCHEID, Germany: Two years ago, Wegscheid was on the front lines of Europe's refugee crisis. When Germany voted last week, the village, like many along the Austrian border, swung hard to the far right, straining Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative alliance.
After bruising election losses, Merkel is trying to patch together a tricky three-way coalition of their conservatives and their Bavarian allies, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), and the environmentalist Greens.
Them task is complicated by the Bavarian conservatives, who worry about losing their regional dominance in a state election next year. To win support, they are demanding a controversial cap on the number of migrants entering Germany.
Merkel dismisses the cap as unconstitutional. The Greens reject it too. On Sunday, the chancellor's Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - sister parties - will meet to try to resolve their differences.
Both suffered heavy losses in the Sept. 24 federal election to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which won seats in the national parliament for the first time.
All along Germany's southern border, where in 2015 thousand refugees fleeing war in the Middle East poured into Germany, voters deserted the CSU for the AfD.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Passau, the electoral district where Wegscheid lies, the CSU's vote fell 13.4 points from four years ago to 40.5 percent - a low figure in Bavaria, often jokingly called a one-party state. The AfD's share shot up 12.1 points.
"The politicians are to blame for the AfD being elected," said pensioner Reinhold Turtschan in the baroque market square of nearby Deggendorf, where the AfD's vote soared by 15.2 points, mirroring the CSU's 15.6 point fall.
"The asylum seekers, I don't want to criticise them, but they get so much money while we pensioners have to be so careful with our finances just to get through the month," they said.
The setback in a wealthy, conservative state where the CSU has reigned without a break since the late 1950s has prompted recriminations within the party, with some blaming Merkel's 2015 decision to open the borders to a million migrants.
For decades, the CSU has been a national player thanks to its unassailable strength in Bavaria, allowing it to contribute up to a fifth of the joint conservative bloc's lawmakers.
The mountainous south-eastern state with its distinctive dialect, lederhosen leather shorts and traditional dirndl dresses rose from Germany's poorest, most agricultural state after World War Two to one of its richest regions today.
THE UPPER LIMIT
Now the CSU is in a bind over how best to recover. Those who blame the refugee crisis for the AfD's success demand an immigration ceiling of 200,000 refugees a year. The CDU rejects the idea.
Highlighting their tensions, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper this week reported CSU leader Horst Seehofer as saying their party and Merkel's CDU faced their biggest challenge since 1976 - when their predecessor Franz-Josef Strauss threatened to break up their alliance.
On Sunday, two sister parties will sit down to agree a common programme ahead of coalition talks with the other two parties. Alexander Dobrindt, the CSU's chief in the national parliament, described the cap as "non-negotiable".
But by holding firm to avoid being outflanked by the AfD, the CSU risks alienating the Greens, who reject an upper limit.
In Wegscheid, where in the summer of 2015 residents grew used to being awakened by migrants rapping on Windows asking for directions in the dead of night, the mayor, Lothar Venus, doubts the answer is so simple.
"The AfD only has one theme, refugees. But Germany's issues go far further," they said, standing by the border crossing where people smugglers would drop refugees off, leaving them to walk across the bridge into Germany.
They blamed Seehofer, who faces calls for their own resignation, for pushing for a cap they cannot deliver rather than focusing on infrastructure failings, such as poor mobile coverage and slow Internet, that residents complain about.
Michael Mayer, a historian at the Academy for Political Education near Munich, said moving right was risky for the CSU.
"It's the mistake people have always made in Europe: running after the far right first strengthens them and then you lose votes yourself," they said.
(Editing by Paul Carrel and Giles Elgood)
The schedule for the 2018 NFL London Games features a series of firsts, including a debut at a new stadium and three teams playing a regular-season game in London for the first time including Super Bowl LII Champions, the Philadelphia Eagles facing the Jacksonville Jaguars at Wembley.
The 2018 London Games schedule is as follows:
Week Date Visiting Team Home Team Stadium 6 (Kickoff 6pm ) Oct 14 Seattle Seahawks Oakland Raiders Tottenham Hotspur 7 (Kickoff 2:30pm) Oct 21 Tennessee Titans Los Angeles Chargers Wembley 8 (Kickoff 1:30pm) Oct 28 Philadelphia Eagles Jacksonville Jaguars Wembley
SINGLE GAME TICKETS
Tickets for both Wembley game are now sold out but limited hospitality tickets remain on sale for the Titans/Chargers game and can be purchsed via ticketmaster.co.uk/NFL.
Wheelchair spaces and personal assistant seats are distributed across all levels of the stadium. For Accessible seating, please call Wembley Stadium on 0800 093 0824.
A ticketing FAQs can be found here.
*Child tickets are 16 & under
Please note that ticket category names at Wembley stadium have changed since the 2017 NFL London Games.
Seattle Seahawks v Oakland Raiders at Tottenham Hotspur, October 14
We know that many of you are waiting for us to announce the onsale dates for Seattle Seahawks vs Oakland Raiders at the new Tottenham Hotspur stadium. Due to the stadium being under construction, we do not yet have a full, finalised seating plan for NFL games. For example, US broadcasters of NFL games require considerably more camera positions than for a soccer game (minimum of 27) and they need the opportunity to survey the stadium. To ensure that we deliver the best possible fan experience - and to avoid selling seats that we later discover will have an obstructed view - we cannot go on sale until this seating plan has been finalised. We expect to begin hospitality ticket sales in June, with all other tickets likely to follow in early August.
We currently anticipate that at least 90 per cent of Wembley season ticket holders will be able to purchase the same number of tickets at Tottenham as at Wembley (up to a maximum of four per account holder).
If you did not purchase Wembley season tickets, any remaining Tottenham Hotspur stadium tickets will be available from August.
Travel Packages
Are there ticket and travel packages available?
Thomas Cook and On Location are the only official travel partners of NFL UK. To find out more about the packages available please visit:
Thomas Cook - Hotel and ticket packages remain on sale for the Titans/Chargers game but packages for the Eagles/Jaguars game are sold out
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that they estimate to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt was confronted at a Washington restaurant by a woman and their child, urging them to resign over what he's “doing to the environment and to our country.”
Pruitt sat in silence Monday when Kristin Mink, holding their young son, confronted the EPA boss while they were having lunch with a colleague.
READ MORE: EPA boss Scott Pruitt had aide inquire about used mattress from Trump hotel, perform personal chores
“I just wanted to urge you to resign because of what you are doing to the environment and to our country,” Mink said. “This is my son. They love animals. They love clean air. They love clean water. Meanwhile, you are slashing emissions standards for cars and trucks for the benefit of big corporations.
“You have been paying 50 bucks a night to stay in a D.C. condo connected to an energy lobbying firm, while approving our dirty sands,” the mother said.
Pruitt has been under scrutiny since media reports first revealed they had rented a luxury Capitol Hill condo tied to a prominent oil and gas lobbyist for just $50 a night. Pruitt's daughter, then a White House summer intern, stayed in a second bedroom at the condo at no additional cost.
Other disclosed examples of Pruitt seeking special treatment include their repeated use of first-class air travel, luxury hotel suites and directing their security staff to use lights and sirens to speed through Washington traffic to dinner reservations.
READ MORE: Donald Trump takes aim at ‘filthy' Red Hen restaurant that refused to serve Sarah Sanders
“We deserve to have somebody at the EPA who actually does protect our environment, somebody who believes in climate change and takes it seriously, for the benefit of all of us including our children,” Mink said. “So I would urge you to resign before your scandals push you out.”
Pruitt is the latest member of the Trump administration to be confronted in a public setting.
Last month, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders was refused service at a restaurant in Lexington, Va., because they work for U.S. President Donald Trump.
Last night I was told by the owner of Red Hen in Lexington, VA to leave because I work for @POTUS and I politely left. Them actions say far more about them than about me. I always do my best to treat people, including those I disagree with, respectfully and will continue to do so — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) June 23, 2018
“Last night I was told by the owner of Red Hen in Lexington, VA to leave because I work for @POTUS and I politely left. Them actions say far more about them than about me,” Sanders said on Twitter. “I always do my best to treat people, including those I disagree with, respectfully and will continue to do so.”
WATCH: Police speak with activists after they confront Homeland Security Secretary at dinner in Washington
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen was heckled by about a dozen protesters about the Trump administration's immigration policy as they ate dinner at a Mexican restaurant in Washington.
The protesters entered MXDC Cocina Mexicana Tuesday and chanted “Shame!” and “End family separation!”
–with files from the Associated Press
There's another baby on the way for Ginger Zee and husband Ben Aaron.
The “Good Morning America” meteorologist announced the news Monday morning during their weather forecast.
“Pressure in the Southwest, right about here,” Zee, 36, said next to a circle on the weather map before jumping to the opposite side to share the news.
“And then this area right about here are going to have a shadow from my belly because I'm pregnant!” they quipped.
Zee and Aaron, 35, are the proud parents of 1-year-old Adrian, who is excited to meet their little brother.
“Adrian already asking to hold their little brother… new baby boy coming February 2018!” they captioned a Twitter snapshot of the little guy holding a sonogram.
Zee and Aaron, an NBC personality, married in 2014.
Insider
We already ran down the top 100 prospects in baseball, so now it's time go deeper by division. Today it's the AL West, starting with the world champion Houston Astros
To jump to the other teams, click here: Angels | Athletics | Mariners | Rangers
Division overviews: NL East | NL Central | NL West | AL East | AL Central
Editor's note: Age is the player's age as of July 1, 2018. Players with experience in foreign major leagues such as Japan's NPB or Korea's KBO -- think Shohei Ohtani -- are ineligible for these rankings.
Houston Astros
With Kyle Tucker rising through the system, the Astros could have another talented bat to join their elite lineup. Mark J. Rebilas/USA TODAY Sports
The Astros won the World Series, so does this really matter? The cupboard isn't bare, even with multiple trades for major league help, though the system thins out quickly after the four premium names.
1. Forrest Whitley, RHP (ranked No. 8)
2. Kyle Tucker, OF (ranked No. 21)
3. Yordan Alvarez, 1B (ranked No. 40)
4. J.B. Bukauskas, RHP (ranked No. 74)
5. Cionel Perez, LHP
6. Rogelio Armenteros, RHP
7. Jorge Alcala, RHP
8. Corbin Martin, RHP
9. Hector Perez, RHP
10. J.D. Davis, 3B/1B
Non-top-100 prospects
Cionel Perez is a slightly built lefty who'll work at 88-94 with a solid-average changeup and two inconsistent breaking balls, with a modest reverse platoon split across three levels last year. They pitched at 21 the whole year and finished in Double-A, which would seem to put them on pace to see the majors before their 23rd birthday, with back-end starter potential and a 40-50 percent chance they end up a reliever.
LONDON: Liverpool dropped two points in the Premier League title race as Jermain Defoe converted two penalties to earn struggling Sunderland a 2-2 draw against them at the Stadium of Light on Monday.
Ten-man Manchester City moved up to third as they beat Burnley 2-1 at home - Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero scoring second-half goals after Fernandinho had been shown a red card before the interval.
Hull City's relegation worries intensified when they lost 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion despite taking the lead, while Middlesbrough eeked out a point against champions Leicester City in a drab 0-0 draw at the Riverside Stadium.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman enjoyed a 3-0 victory over their former club Southampton, although the goals scored by Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku all came late on.
With leaders Chelsea not in action until they play Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, Liverpool had the opportunity to close the gap on Antonio Conte's side to three points and looked poised to do so as they twice took the lead.
Daniel Sturridge's flicked header gave Liverpool a 19th-minute lead but Defoe levelled six minutes later after Ragnar Klavan tripped Didier Ndong.
Sadio Mane's close-range finish in the 72nd minute looked to have sealed the points for Liverpool but Mane was penalised for handball six minutes from time and Defoe kept their cool to dispatch another penalty to take their league goal tally to 11.
"I don't know exactly what I saw," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of their team's display. "We can play better football."
Fernandinho's 32nd-minute lunge on Burnley's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson was deemed two-footed by referee Lee Mason and they did not hesitate to show a red card to the Brazilian who has been sent off three times in their six games.
Burnley were unable to capitalise on their numerical advantage though and City actually improved after the break when David Silva and Aguero were introduced off the bench.
Clichy, who had managed only one league goal in more than 100 Premier League games for City, gave their side the lead in the 58th minute with a precise shot past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton.
Four minutes later Aguero grabbed their 11th league goal of the season with a superb finish from a tight angle.
Ben Mee halved the deficit 20 minutes from time and there were a few late jitters as City held on.
Sixth-placed Manchester United are at West Ham United in the day's late kickoff.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Clare Fallon)
LONDON: Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has said their team would not concede defeat in the Premier League title race if they were in the same position as Manchester United.
United manager Jose Mourinho conceded the title to runaway leaders City for the first time on Friday with the 20-times champions running second, 15 points behind City with 13 games left.
Asked ahead of City's trip to seventh-placed Burnley on Saturday if they would give up in Mourinho's position, Guardiola said: "No, I don't think so. That is not going to happen.
"We have shown even in our two defeats this season that we will try until the very end. We play every game to give sense to what we are doing. I know the 15-point distance is quite big at the moment. It's the same gap from six games ago.
"In football and in sport anything can happen. You are good today but tomorrow you are bad. The most important thing we have done is focus. In my experience until everything is done, you have to be prepared for anything to happen."
City have endured a hectic season having progressed to the Champions League last 16, the FA Cup fifth round and the League Cup final apart from dominating the league and Guardiola said they would rest their players following the Burnley game.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"After the game against Burnley until next Wednesday the players will be resting," Guardiola added.
"The players can do whatever they want, they can travel or whatever. If they want to go and find some sunshine or stay here in Manchester, they can do what they like. They are free."
A teenage girl who has memories of their mom in every corner of Leland now has the community wrapping its arms around their family. Talia Yaakoby and their family lost their mother Kristie to cancer back in 2013.
A teenage girl who has memories of their mom in every corner of Leland now has the community wrapping its arms around their family. Talia Yaakoby and their family lost their mother Kristie to cancer back in 2013.
* Showers/storms Linger for Today * Quieter Friday * Much Cooler Early Next Week ---------------------------- This morning/Today: Scattered showers and storms continue passing through the region. There are some areas of patchy fog and morning temps will be in the 60s. The U.P. appears to hold onto the clouds for a good portion of the day but skies are mostly dry with highs in the 70s. The Lower Peninsula clears out for most with at least partly sunny skies. There is the&...
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appeared before a panel investigating their family's wealth on Thursday, the first time a Pakistani prime minister has been grilled by an investigative agency.
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appeared before a panel investigating their family's wealth on Thursday, the first time a Pakistani prime minister has been grilled by an investigative agency.
The scrutiny of Sharif has gripped Pakistan, but the investigation - ordered by the Supreme Court - has become increasingly politicised.
Sharif arrived at the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) in Islamabad clad in traditional shalwar kameez tunic and baggy trousers, but did not speak to media.
It was not clear how long the hearing, which had been scheduled to begin at 11 a.m. (0600 GMT), would last.
The prime minister and their children deny any wrongdoing.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Supreme Court ruled in April there was insufficient evidence to remove Sharif from office over corruption allegations levelled by the opposition, but it ordered further investigations.
The Supreme Court agreed last year to investigate the Sharif family's offshore wealth after the opposition threatened protests after the leaking of the "Panama Papers".
Documents leaked from the Panama-based Mossack Fonseca law firm appeared to show that Sharif's daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy properties in London.
Sharif, whose father was a prominent industrialist, has said their family wealth was acquired legally.
A three-time prime minister, Sharif was ousted twice in the 1990s, including in a 1999 military coup. They later lived in exile, mostly in Saudi Arabia.
They swept back to power in an election in 2013.
Their spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment.
Pakistan has been plagued by corruption for decades, with politicians often accusing rivals of graft.
The Supreme Court has given the panel two months to investigate the family and then deliver its findings.
The six-man panel, made up of members of civilian investigative agencies and military intelligence officers, are examining three generations of Sharif family wealth.
The team has accused government departments of tampering with old records, but Finance Minister Ishaq Dar on Wednesday rejected such allegations, adding that the team's claims meant the process was becoming "suspicious", media reported.
Sharif's camp has sought to remove two members of the investigation team and their ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party voiced outrage over a leaked photograph taken from security camera footage showing Sharif's son, Hussain, appearing before the panel.
Opinion polls suggest Sharif's party is likely to win the next election, due next year.
A senior PML-N official told Reuters the party was unlikely to call an early election if Sharif was ousted by a Supreme Court ruling, and would select a new prime minister to take over until the general election.
(Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Robert Birsel)
SINGAPORE: A tree toppled at the corner of Tampines Avenue 9 and Tampines Street 43 on Monday evening (Dec 11), blocking one of the road lanes.
Channel NewsAsia understands that there are no reports of injuries so far, and a police officer has been assisting with traffic control at the scene.
The Land Transport Authority tweeted at about 6.40pm that there was an obstacle on Tampines Avenue 9.
Obstacle on Tampines Avenue 9 (towards Tampines Street 43) after Tampines Street 45 — LTATrafficNews (@LTAtrafficnews) December 11, 2017
Many parts of Singapore experienced heavy rain on Monday afternoon, with the Meteorological Service Singapore forecasting moderate rains will continue over many areas in the evening.
France President, Emmanuel Macron, was fulsome of praise at Africa's culture and its creative industries on display during their visit to Lagos on Tuesday.
The Event, which was the launch of the French Season of African Cultures 2020 in Lagos Nigeria was sponsored by leading pan-African bank, Ecobank.
The event, entitled ‘A Celebration of African Culture' was held at the New Afrika Shrine – which was the home of the legendary musician and composer Fela Kuti – focused on Africa's rich and diverse cultural heritage and honoured Africa's creators of art, design, film and fashion.
President Macron told the audience at the event that they are determined to champion a new narrative about how Africa is perceived and that the African Cultural Season 2020 is one of the ways to project the continent positively.
“When I say we need new narratives, what I mean is that we need you people to make these narratives. I see a new generation of artistes, of entrepreneurs, of people coming from civil societies, of journalists, of intellectuals coming from Africa and explaining, speaking about Africa in Europe and everywhere” they explained.
“I believe that we have to build together, a new and common narrative. And this new common narrative is not based on what is important for Europeans, but what is important for Africa about their culture – how they want to build their culture, how they want to explain their culture, how they want to promote their culture and which places are important for them for these promotions.
We decided to organize African Cultural Season 2020 in France for several reasons. It is about a team of young creatives coming from different parts of Africa. You'll have contemporary artistes, painters, people involved in fashion, movies, visual arts, architecture… all different arts existing and present in Africa, especially Nigeria,” they said.
Charles Kie, Managing Director of Ecobank Nigeria said: “President Macron's support is indicative of African cultures' growing international influence. Whether it be blockbuster films such as Black Panther, our global superstars in the music industry, our artworks in the top international auction houses, our models gracing the premier fashion catwalks, or our dance and our food, Africa's culture is having a huge impact on the global stage. Africa's creative industries are a vital ingredient of our continent's economies in our relentless pursuit of increased diversification and global competitiveness.”
“Ecobank's digital strategy is fully centred on bringing financial integration and inclusion to the African continent and our innovative products such as the Ecobank Mobile App, the Xpress account and Ecobank Pay are all empowering African consumers and business alike by providing the 24/7 functionality, convenience, accessibility and instantaneous transactions that they need. Ecobank is totally committed to playing its part in supporting the development of businesses and trade that will bring the sustainable growth to African economies and provide the bedrock of increasing prosperity for all in Africa.
The Berkeley County Sheriff's Office arrested a couple after an alleged burglary, where guns were stolen.
Joshua Allen Lewis, 18 of Goose Creek, and Mairaid Louise Coxe, 19 of North Charleston, were both been arrested for Burglary in the first degree, according to deputies.
Deputies say the residential burglary occurred on Myers Lane in the Goose Creek area of Berkeley County on Tuesday during daytime hours.
Lewis and Coxe are currently at the Hill Finklea Detention center awaiting a bond hearing.
The home was broken into by the back door, deputies say, and four firearms were stolen from the home.
"To all of those who shared the post, called us or sent us messages on this case, I wanted to say 'thanks' - the response to this request for assistance was incredible. This just goes to show what we can do when we work together," Sheriff Lewis stated.
Berkeley County Sheriff's detectives are working on locating the firearms that were stolen.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
For the smelters, fees represent actual income and the underlying copper price is not as relevant, while miners profit from the copper price net of the fees. Photo: Bloomberg
Copper smelters and miners are in a standoff over the annual benchmark rates for copper treatment and refining charges (TC/RCs). India's custom copper smelters, run by Hindalco Industries Ltd and Vedanta Ltd, will be keenly awaiting the final outcome. Investors should too. These charges are one determinant of their copper division's profits in the forthcoming fiscal year.
In the September quarter, Hindalco's copper segment profits had risen sharply, despite lower volume, which the company attributed to higher by-product realizations and favourable macros which led to some gains on the currency and commodity fronts. These may or may not continue. Vedanta's profits too rose due to higher volume and lower costs.
The real determinant will ultimately be TC/RCs and volume. The expectation was that the 2018 benchmark will be at the same value as 2017 but the standoff puts a question mark on that.
The past few years have seen a declining trend in the annual benchmark. Fees are negotiated between the miners who supply copper concentrate, and the smelters who convert it to copper cathodes and further value-added products. For the smelters, fees represent actual income and the underlying copper price is not as relevant, while miners profit from the copper price net of the fees.
At this point, Chinese smelters who are negotiating their annual contracts believe that the concentrate market will be in a surplus state. Also that they need higher fees to compensate for the pollution-mitigating measures they have to take due to China's anti-pollution drive, according to news reports. In fact, the floor price for the fourth quarter TC/RCs was set by Chinese copper smelters higher by 10% over its previous level, as supply was good and demand was seen to be relatively low.
Last week, Bloomberg reported that China's second-largest copper smelter will idle 20-30% of its smelting capacity, as part of winter curbs in China to cut pollution. This was a week after the annual talks were suspended as smelters and miners disagreed on the fees. Lowering available capacity signals lower demand for concentrate.
Miners have a different view. The International Copper Study Group's 2017 data shows that till August, the market saw a deficit of 52,000 tonnes although this is lower than the 139,000 tonne deficit in the same period last year. There are also risks of cuts in supply due to strikes in important copper mining countries. That makes miners seek lower fees.
The talks are now likely to be finalized in the first quarter of 2018. The past few years have seen a bearish trend in TC/RCs in annual contracts. If smelters can hold 2017's level, that will be a positive point for domestic producers. A cut can put pressure on domestic copper smelters but they do benefit if they can increase volume or prices of by-products increase. Still, lower fees make them more vulnerable.
One way out is to sell more of value-added products. Another is to expand smelting capacity. Vedanta has plans to double its smelting capacity to 800,000 tonnes while Hindalco Industries plans to double its continuous cast copper rod capacity to grow share of value-added products.
In the near-to-medium term, the annual price benchmark will partly determine how their copper divisions perform in fiscal year 2019. In the longer run, the expansions to their capacity should yield benefits of volume or higher value addition, as the case may be.
BOSTON: Soros Fund Management, the firm that invests the personal fortune of billionaire investor and philanthropist George Soros, took a handful of new positions in financial stocks during the fourth quarter as the sector was buoyed by Donald Trump's presidential victory.
The New York-based firm disclosed a US$14.9 million position in Goldman Sachs and made a new bet on Bank of America worth US$3.9 million. One of its biggest buys during the last three months of 2016 was a call option on the S&P Select Sector SPDR Fund - Financial Sector worth US$72.6 million.
A number of asset managers bought into financial stocks during the final months of 2016 after Trump's surprise victory suggested that tax cuts and a reduction of regulatory burdens plus higher interest rates could benefit the financial sector.
Soros recently hired UBS executive Dawn Fitzpatrick to be the firm's chief investment officer, putting a woman in charge of their portfolio for the first time.
Soros sold their entire stake in Procter & Gamble , while Trian Fund Management bought a stake worth US$3.5 billion in the company.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Bernard Orr)
By Kylie MacLellan and Toby Melville
| LONDON
LONDON A blaze engulfed a 24-storey housing block in central London on Wednesday, trapping residents as they slept and killing at least 12 people in an inferno that the fire brigade said was unprecedented in its scale and speed.More than 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines, fought for hours to try to control the blaze, London's deadliest in a generation. The Grenfell Tower apartment block was home to about 600 people.London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the fire raised questions about the safety of such high-rise blocks, and the BBC reported that the scale of the disaster could delay Prime Minister Theresa May's announcement of a parliamentary deal to stay in power.Some residents screamed for help from behind upper-floor windows, others tried to throw children to safety, as flames raced through the block of about 120 apartments in the North Kensington district just before 1 a.m.Firefighters said they had rescued 65 people - some in pyjamas - from the 43-year-old block, a low-rent housing estate overlooking upscale parts of the Kensington area."We could see a lot of children and parents screaming for 'Help! Help! Help!' and putting their hands on the window and asking to help them," Amina Sharif told Reuters."We could do nothing and we could see the stuff on the side was falling off, collapsing. We were just standing screaming and they were screaming."TYING SHEETS TOGETHER
Another witness, Saimar Lleshi, saw people tying together sheets to try to escape.
"I saw three people putting sheets together to climb down, but no one climbed down. I don't know what happened to them. Even when the lights went off, people were waving with white shirts to be seen," Lleshi said.The fire sent up plumes of smoke that could be seen from miles away. The ambulance service said 68 people were being treated in hospital, with 18 in critical condition.More than 16 hours after the fire started, crews were still trying to douse flames as they sought to reach the top floors.But London police commander Stuart Cundy told reporters they did not believe further survivors would be found in the building. At a nearby community centre used to house some of those rescued, tensions were rising as occupants waited for news.
"The fire, which was unprecedented in its scale and speed, will be subject to a full fire investigation," said Steve Apter from the London Fire Brigade. "Any lessons learnt from this will be borne out not just across London, across the UK - and lessons learnt globally." The emergency services said it was too early to say what had caused the inferno, which left the block a charred, smoking shell. Some residents said no alarm had sounded. Others said they had warned repeatedly about fire safety in the block.The building had recently undergone an 8.7 million pound ($11.08 million) exterior refurbishment, which included new external cladding and windows.CHILDREN THROWN TO SAFETY
Residents who escaped told how they woke up to the smell of burning and rushed to leave through smoke-filled corridors and stairwells.
There were reports that some leapt out of windows. Other witnesses spoke of children including a baby being thrown to safety from high windows.Tamara, one witness, told the BBC: "There's people, like, throwing their kids out, 'Just save my children, just save my children!'".Prime Minister May said their thoughts were with all those affected. Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said sprinkler systems should be installed in such blocks and called on the government to make a statement in parliament.Khan, the London mayor, said questions needed to be answered about the safety of tower blocks after some residents said they had been advised they should stay in their flats in the event of a fire."What we can't have is a situation where people's safety is put at risk because of bad advice being given or, if it is the case, as has been alleged, of tower blocks not being properly serviced or maintained," Khan said.Resident Michael Paramasivan told BBC radio they had spoken to a woman who lived on the 21st floor:"She has got six kids. They left with all six of them. When they got downstairs, there was only four of them with them  They are now breaking their heart." ($1 = 0.7852 pounds) (Additional reporting by Lina Saigol, David Milliken, Costas Pitas, Kate Holton, Neil Hall, Elisabeth O'Leary, Alistair Smout, Megan Revell and Oli Rahman; Writing by Guy Faulconbridge and Michael Holden; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
NEW YORK: Bitcoin experienced some big swings but finished higher in its debut on a major exchange on Monday (Dec 11), while a leading US securities regulator warned investors about the risks of cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin futures for January delivery finished at US$18,850.00 near 2115 GMT on its first full day of trading, a bit below session peaks but soaring well past the US$15,000 initial price when Cboe launched the platform on Sunday night.
The Cboe launch marked the first opportunity for professional traders to invest in bitcoin on a traditional platform and is expected to be followed in a week by a rival listing on Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Still, in a sign of the unease generated by meteoric rise of the digital currency, the top US securities regulator Monday cautioned investors on the risks of cryptocurrencies and "initial coin offerings," a major fundraising tool of new currencies.
"Investors should understand that to date no initial coin offerings have been registered with the SEC," said Jay Clayton, chairperson of the US Securities and Exchange Commission. "If any person today tells you otherwise, be especially wary."
"I encourage Main Street investors to be open to these opportunities, but to ask good questions, demand clear answers and apply good common sense when doing so," Clayton warned.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Many major banks stayed out of the Cboe trading and have generally kept their distance from bitcoin, the most prominent of a plethora of emerging cryptocurrencies.
Cboe chief Ed Tilly called on critics of the virtual currency to express their skepticism in the market.
"Whether it's a fraud, whether it's a bubble, whether it's legitimate ... you will be able to express all of those thoughts in a transparent marketplace," Tilly told AFP in an interview several hours after the trading launch.
Bitcoin's Cboe debut, while largely uneventful, once again showcased its penchant for volatility as the exchange was forced to suspend trading twice due to major price swings. But Tilly said that indicates the exchange was operating as intended.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The exchange set a policy requiring such halts due to major price moves, for example requiring a five-minute suspension due to a 20 per cent move.
"So we hit those barriers on price movements and we did halt according to plans," Tilly said. "All things operated as they should."
'DIGITAL GOLD' ARRIVES
Bitcoin's breakthrough is the latest in a spectacular run for the online money dubbed "digital gold" by its advocates, which began life in 2009 as a bit of encrypted software supposedly written by an unknown coder with a Japanese-sounding name.
What began as the preserve of computer nerds and financial experts has gained a broader following among those seeking alternatives to traditional investments, and now can be used to pay for a pint in a London pub or a manicure, as well as to invest in startup ventures, and its valued has soared in recent weeks.
Investor interest has also risen in other digital currencies, such as ethereum, ripple and litecoin, which employ the same "blockchain" software foundation as bitcoin.
"The level of interest is unbelievable," said Timothy Enneking, founder and the primary Principal of Crypto Asset Management, an asset and fund management company that created a digital currency index.
"We get dozens of people contacting us each day to know how to invest in cryptocurrencies and we don't even do any marketing."
Fidelity Labs, part of the giant Fidelity Investments, has been active in bitcoin for four years, said managing director Hadley Stern.
"It really started with our executive team starting to see what was going on in bitcoin," Stern said.
"And then we became very interested in the underlying blockchain technology. The root of it was this transformational ability to transfer value from software to software alone."
But investors are also mindful pitfalls given the Wild West nature of the market. Regulators have increasing scrutiny of initial coin offerings (ICOs), a key fundraising tool for cryptocurrency fundraising.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday halted the ICO by blockchain-based food review service Munchee, that had been seeking US$15 million, after concluding that the company was attempting to sell securities without the required registration.
The SEC last week shut down another ICO, charging fraud against Dominic Lacroix, a Canadian with a history of securities law violations, and their company PlexCorps, charging the company that took millions from investors, "falsely promising" a speedy, 13-fold profit.
"For the amount of bullishness surrounding cryptoassets, there appears to be an equal amount of doubt surrounding the vast majority of ICOs," said Canaccord analyst Michael Graham.
Europeans are having a bigger impact in the NHL now than ever before. Of the 985 players to play in at least one game this season, 268, or 27 percent, were born in Europe. Europeans have been at the pinnacle of success in recent seasons, winning five of the past 10 Hart, Art Ross, and Norris Trophy winners. But European success in the NHL hasn't just been recent.
Joe Hall, who was born in England but moved to Manitoba as a toddler, made their NHL debut in 1917 and was the first European-born player in the league. However, the first European-trained player didn't debut until Jan. 27, 1965 when Swede Ulf Sterner joined the New York Rangers. During the 1960s and 70s, Europeans started making names for themselves with the emergence of Stan Mikita.
This success continued in the 1980s and 1990s with the collapse of the Soviet Union, leading to the league's current landscape. With many iconic names, Europeans have had great success in the league. Let's look at the 10 greatest European forwards to ever play in the NHL.
1. Jaromir Jagr, Czech Republic (Czechoslovakia)
At this point, it looks like Jaromir Jagr's NHL career may have concluded. If that is the case, what a career it was. When they are first eligible for Hockey Hall of Fame induction three years after they formally retire, he's certain to be inducted.
They rank third all-time in goals with 766, second in points with 1,921, and third in games played with 1,733. Despite not scoring more than 50 points in three of the past four seasons, they still rank 25th in history with a 1.109 points-per-game rate. When you use era-adjusted scoring, Jagr is second all-time in goals with 841 and only behind Gordie Howe.
They have the awards with one Hart Memorial Trophy, five Art Ross Trophies, and is an eight-time all-star. That doesn't include the four times they finished runner-up in MVP voting and the three seasons they led the league in assists. For as impressive as their career has been, they will forever be linked to the games they lost due to work stoppages and their decision to depart for the KHL for three seasons, cutting into their peak seasons.
In recent seasons, Jagr became one of the most beloved players in the game and was notable for their insane work ethic into their 40s, even requesting a key to the Dallas Stars' practice facility. They also had their own fan club called the “Traveling Jagrs.”
2. Teemu Selanne, Finland
Of course, this list has to include the Finnish Flash. What's to be said about Teemu Selanne that hasn't already been quipped? The 2017 Hall of Fame inductee is beloved in both their homeland of Finland and North America. As one of the all-time bests, Selanne played the game well and played it with integrity.
Selanne's 684 goals are just outside the top 10, good enough for 11th all-time. They made an immediate impact, scoring 76 goals during their rookie campaign, earning them the Calder Memorial Trophy. The culmination of Selanne's career came when they finally captured the Stanley Cup in 2007.
3. Stan Mikita, Slovak Republic
Although Stan Mikita is a Canadian national, they were originally born in Sokolče, Slovak Republic under the name Stanislav Guoth. They remained in Europe until they were eight years old when they fled to Canada to escape the Communist-controlled Czechoslovakia. In Canada, they were adopted by their aunt and uncle and took their surname, Mikita.
After leading the Chicago Black Hawks to the Stanley Cup in 1961 with six goals, they emerged as one of the NHL's best players the following season. Over the course of their career, Mikita racked up 1,467 points, good enough for 14th all-time. They also earned four Art Ross Trophies, two Hart Memorial Trophies, and two Lady Byng Trophies and was an eight-time all-star. They were elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983.
Mikita and teammate Bobby Hull were known for using extremely curved sticks, which led the NHL to limit stick curvature to half an inch. Mikita was also one of the first to use a full helmet that included ear protection after part of their right ear was ripped off by a puck.
4. Peter Stastny, Slovakia (Czechoslovakia)
Although Peter's son, Paul, is the more recognizable Stastny in today's NHL, Peter was a stellar player during the 1980s and 90s. Peter grew up in modern-day Slovakia while the Communist Bloc was still in power and didn't play their first NHL game until the 1980-81 season when they were already 24. Peter and their brother, Anton, defected from Czechoslovakia and became the first stars from the Eastern Bloc to play in the NHL. Their decisions to defect was pivotal and led to more players defecting until the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
Upon arriving in North America, both Stastnys joined the Quebec Nordiques where Peter became a fan favorite, learning to speak French. They were an immediate success, winning the 1981 Calder Memorial Trophy and became the first player to score 100 points in their rookie season. They were also the second-highest scorer during the 1980s behind only Wayne Gretzky.
Peter's late arrival in the NHL meant that they only played in 977 regular season games but scored 450 goals and 1,239 points in the process. Their 1.27 career points-per-game is the seventh-highest mark in league history and their points are second-most for a player with less than 1,000 games played. In 1998, Peter was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on their first ballot.
5. Jari Kurri, Finland
The original “Finnish Flash,” Jari Kurri was a member of the Edmonton Oilers teams that won five Stanley Cups, including four with Wayne Gretzky on the roster. Kurri's success is often linked to Gretzky and Mark Messier but Kurri was still plenty productive after Gretzky was traded with 195 points in 156 games until Kurri also departed Edmonton.
The Kurri-Gretzky duo is one of the best in history with Gretzky assisting on over 50 percent of Kurri's goals and Kurri assisting on 22 percent of Gretzky's. In total, Kurri scored 601 goals and had 1,398 points, 20th and 21st all-time. They did their best work in the postseason with 233 points in 200 games, leading the playoffs in goals four times.
Although they never won an MVP, they were a five-time all-star, led the league in goals once, and won the 1985 Lady Byng Trophy. They were inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2001.
6. Alexander Ovechkin, Russia (USSR)
With a bounceback season in 2017-18 and their seventh Maurice “Rocket” Richard Trophy, Ovechkin reconfirmed their status as the best scorer of their generation. They scored their 600th goal this season and became the fourth ever to do so in less than 1,000 games. Already 19th all-time in goals and only 32, Ovechkin is likely to get into the top 15 next seasons and has an outside chance at catching Gretzky's 894 goals by career end.
Their dynamic shot and quick release have them in the conversation as the best goal scorer to ever lace-up. Using era-adjusted stats, Ovechkin's goal total jumps from 607 to 688 and to seventh all-time. Given that they have played most of their career in the “dead puck era,” the argument could be made that theirs is already the best ever. For them to pass Gretzky's record, they need to average 35 goals for the next eight seasons. An outside chance, but a pursuit worth paying attention to.
In addition to their Rocket Richard Trophies, Ovechkin won the 2006 Calder Memorial Trophy, has three Hart Memorial Trophies, one Art Ross Trophy, and is an 11-time all-star. Their only knock is the Washington Capitals inability to get out of the second round in the playoffs. However, despite their team's struggles, Ovechkin has averaged nearly a point-per-game in 102 career playoff games.
7. Peter Forsberg, Sweden
One player who we wish we could've seen play more NHL games is Peter Forsberg. Playing in only 708 NHL games, Forsberg amassed 885 points and never had a season where they finished with a minus rating (aside from their brief comeback in 2011 where they only played in two games).
They were part of one of the biggest trades in history when they were dealt from the Philadelphia Flyers to the Quebec Nordiques for Eric Lindros. Forsberg had immediate success, winning the 1995 Calder Memorial Trophy. They also one the 2003 Art Ross and Hart Memorial Trophies and was a three-time all-star.
Forsberg also excelled in big games, amassing 171 points in 151 playoffs games, on their way to two Stanley Cups. Forsberg was one of the best playmakers of their generation, and their 1.25 points-per-game stands eighth all-time and they are fourth all-time in career assists-per-game. They were inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2014.
8. Sergei Fedorov, Russia (USSR)
Sergei Fedorov is a childhood favorite. They were one of the game's most versatile players, with the ability to play forward or on defense. They translated their dual offensive and defensive prowess into two Selke Trophies as well as a Hart Memorial Trophy.
Fedorov's 1,179 career points and plus-261 rating were good enough to get them elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2015. With the Detroit Red Wings, they were part of the famed “Russian Five” unit that was unstoppable in the 1997 Playoffs, going 16-0 when one of the five scored and 0-4 when they did not. Federov won that Stanley Cup with the Red Wings and two additional Cups, one in 1998 and the second in 2002.
9. Mats Sundin, Sweden
One of the most endeared Toronto Maple Leafs in recent memory is Mats Sundin. Although they never captured Toronto's elusive Stanley Cup, they proved to be a great leader and was a model of consistency with 12 consecutive seasons of at least 70 points.
Over the course of this career, they averaged just over a point-per-game and tallied 1,349 points in total. That mark is the most of any Swede and Sundin is also the Leafs all-time leading goal scorer (420) and points getter (987). They were inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2012 and their number was retired by the Maple Leafs in 2016.
10. Evgeni Malkin, Russia (USSR)
The NHL may not consider Evgeni Malkin to be among the 100 greatest players of all-time, but they are certainly one of the 10 best European forwards to play. In their 12 seasons, they have 370 goals and 930 points in 784 games for a 1.19 points-per-game average. They won the 2007 Calder Memorial Trophy, has two Art Ross Trophies, and one Hart Memorial Trophy to their name.
Malkin has been their best when the lights are brightest with 162 points in 154 playoff games and won the 2009 Conn Smythe Trophy for playoff MVP. In 2017, when their Pittsburgh Penguins won the Stanley Cup, Malkin led the postseason with 28 points. They also perform at an elite level when teammate Sidney Crosby is absent with injury. In 2011-12, when Crosby was held to 22 games, Malkin scored 50 goals and had 109 points to lead the league.
If there is one question mark to Malkin's career, it is their own ability to stay on the ice. In their 12 seasons, they have appeared in all 82 games just twice. But, in spite of their injuries, they are one of the most dynamic players of their generation and will be enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame when eligible.
As is always the case with these lists, half of the fun is the debate. Is someone missing? Should someone not be on the list? Comment below with your thoughts.
RIYADH: Prominent Emirati activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in jail and fined 1 million AED (204,850.13 pounds) on charges of criticising the United Arab Emirates government on social media, The National newspaper reported late on Wednesday.
A trade and tourism hub, the UAE is an absolute monarchy that tolerates little public criticism of its ruling system and has prosecuted Mansoor and other pro-democracy activists for what it called insulting the country's leaders.
Advertisement
Mansoor was among five activists convicted of those charges in 2011 amid the “Arab Spring” protests calling for reform in other Arab states.
Mansoor, an electrical engineer and poet, was arrested in March 2017 and accused of promoting a sectarian and hate-incited agenda. The court cleared them of terrorist-related charges, according to The National.
Rights groups have called for Mansoor's release, calling their detention a violation of freedom of expression and opinion.
(Reporting by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Advertisement
Wed, Jun 14: Alberta Health Services says it will open Calgary's first supervised consumption site at the Sheldon M. Chumir Health Centre. Doug Vaessen has the details.
#TorontoStrong.
Taking a nod from the Humboldt tragedy, a constant stream of visitors flocked to a makeshift vigil at Yonge St. and Finch Ave. on Tuesday, one day after a rental truck struck and killed 10 people and wounded 15 others on Yonge St.
They came to express their grief through flowers, candles and condolences. Some had been among the first witnesses on the tragic scene.
“There was an elderly woman and man, they were right here,” said a distraught personal support worker at the vigil. “I was shaking and was in shock. I saw lots of bodies.”
The worker was walking north around 1:30 p.m. Monday and missed the massacre “by a matter of seconds.”
“There was already screaming from people,” they said. “There were people crying for help. I wanted to help, but I was so much in shock. I didn't know whether to go right or left.”
Aras Reisiardrkani, a community member who helped organize the vigil, said they are trained in first aid and was helping one man who was struck.
“My initial thought was a hit and run and the driver panicked and hit a second person,” they said. “The sheer number of people that were injured — this was about triage. We owe it to other victims for Canadians to get first aid training.”
Reisiardrkani said a GoFundMe has been set up for the victims and a formal vigil will be scheduled through the campaign site in the coming days.
Mayor John Tory, Premier Kathleen Wynne and Willowdale MPP David Zimmer brought flowers and paid their respects.
“There was one note that was pointed out to me: ‘We don't know you, but we love you,” said Wynne. “I think that's the essence of what all these messages are.”
They said that for their message, they wrote that it's hard to find the right words, but for the victims and their families, “they're loved.”
Tory said this location will now be “a scar” in Toronto, but said that “scars are part of the healing process.” But it will take a long time, they said, adding some first responders have been “traumatized” by the events.
jyuen@postmedia.com
Activist investor Elliott Management Corp said on Monday that NXP Semiconductors NV is worth US$135 per share on an intrinsic standalone basis, more than the US$110 Qualcomm Inc has offered to buy the company.
REUTERS - Activist investor Elliott Management Corp said on Monday that NXP Semiconductors NV is worth US$135 per share on an intrinsic standalone basis, more than the US$110 Qualcomm Inc has offered to buy the company.
Elliott Management, which has a stake of about 6 percent in NXP, told fellow shareholders in a letter that Qualcomm's offer, made in October 2016, was acting as a ceiling on NXP's valuation.
Elliott on Aug. 4 disclosed its stake in NXP and indicated it was pushing for a higher price than Qualcomm's US$38 billion all-cash offer.
Since then, NXP's shares have been trading above Qualcomm's offer price. However, the spread has tightened in the past month.
Elliott said in August that NXP's shares were significantly undervalued and the New York-based fund said on Monday Qualcomm's offer had taken advantage of NXP's depressed stock price.
"We believe NXP's prospects are bright. Approximately half of NXP's revenue is exposed to exciting growth engines of the semiconductor market – automotive and industrial," Elliott said in its letter to shareholders.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Elliott said it has retained UBS Investment Bank to perform a financial analysis with respect to NXP and would shortly share the report with other shareholders.
Since it offered to buy NXP, Qualcomm itself has been the target of an acquisition approach from Broadcom Ltd, but it rejected the US$103 billion offer last month.
Broadcom had indicated it was willing to acquire Qualcomm irrespective of whether it closes the NXP deal.
Shares of NXP were up nearly 1 percent at US$116.30 in premarket trading, while Qualcomm's shares were trading down marginally at US$64.02.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Looks like creating controversy is a favourite pass time of Bigg Boss contestants. If a report published in Mid-day is anything to go by, this season's participant Zubair Khan, who entered the house last week, claiming they were Haseena Parkar's son-in-law, has landed themselves in legal trouble.Zubair had also claimed that they were one of the producers on the Haseena Parkar biopic, which starred Shraddha Kapoor in the lead role.His statements, however, have left one of the real co-producers on the film, Sameer Antulay, who also is a member of Dawood's family, furious. According to tabloid mid-day, Sameer is planning to approach the police to file a complaint against Zubair for misusing their family name."Zubair Khan is a fraud. They have no connections with our family.  They are misusing the Dawood title for publicity. We will be approaching the cops to register an FIR against him," Sameer was quoted as saying by Mid-day."Haseena Parkar has two daughters – Qudsia and Humeira. Neither of them knows Zubair. Some media platforms Zubair had been able to reach have claimed that Qudsia was their wife, but Qudsia is married to business person Zaheer Shaikh, who deals in garments. These rumours need to end as my sisters are facing a lot of problems,” Sameer added.Sameer further said they have all the documents to prove that Zubair is faking their identity on the show."In 2014, Zubair had approached Haseena, seeking permission to make their biography. But Haseena had rejected the idea," Sameer said.Well, if it's at all true then Zubair is in a serious trouble.
A president this successful should not be this unpopular
By: Marc A. Thiessen
When U.S. President Donald Trump delivered their first State of the Union address Tuesday night, they faced a critical challenge. Despite a year of achievements – including historic tax and regulatory reform, confirmation of conservative judges, elimination of the Islamic State's physical caliphate, repeal of the unpopular Obamacare individual mandate, a booming stock market, a growing economy and unemployment near 45-year lows – Trump's approval rating on the eve of their address was just 38%.
A president this successful should not be this unpopular.
Stepping up to the lectern of the House of Representatives on Tuesday night, Trump had an opportunity to change this dynamic and expand their base, by making the case for their presidency to tens of millions of Americans who support many of their policies but don't yet support him.
They seized that opportunity. Unlike most presidents, who wait until the end of their address to call out heroes in the gallery, Trump began doing so at the outset. It was a brilliant move. They called out Coast Guard Petty Officer Ashlee Leppert, who rescued victims of Hurricane Harvey, and beloved Congressman Steve Scalise, R-La., who survived an assassination attempt and returned to work just three and a half months later. Starting with these stories was deeply unifying and cut through the cloud of contempt emanating from the Democratic side of the aisle – forcing everyone in the chamber to rise and applaud.
Trump then used these stories to make an appeal to Democrats: “It is not enough to come together only in times of tragedy,” the president said. “Tonight, I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out common ground and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people we were elected to serve.” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi looked ridiculous as they sat stone-faced, hands folded in their lap, amid the loud applause that filled the chamber.
Trump then appealed to black and Hispanic Americans who did not support their election, noting that “African American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded, and Hispanic American unemployment has also reached the lowest levels in history.” They declared that “we want every American to know the dignity of a hard day's work. We want every child to be safe in their home at night” and promised to “lift our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity.” They promised to “embark on reforming our prisons to help former inmates who have served their time get a second chance.”
They next extended “an open hand to work with members of both parties, Democrats and Republicans” to “craft a bipartisan approach to immigration reform.” They asked Democrats to join them in producing an infrastructure bill that generates at least $1.5 trillion in new investments. They endorsed popular bipartisan priorities such as workforce development, job training and vocational education, as well as additional funding to fight the opioid epidemic and “Right to Try” legislation to give dying Americans access to lifesaving experimental drugs. They backed Democratic priorities such as paid family leave.
And throughout it all, they continued to weave stories that pulled at the heartstrings of the members in the chamber and the viewers at home: an Albuquerque police officer and their wife who adopted the child of a homeless heroin addict; two families who lost children to MS-13 gang violence; an Air Force veteran who became an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent and led an operation that took hundreds of gang members off the streets; an Army staff sergeant who won a Bronze Star running into a booby-trapped building in Syria to save a fellow warrior wounded by an improvised explosive device; the family of Otto Warmbier, a college student who died after imprisonment by the North Korean regime; and a courageous defector who traveled thousands of miles on crutches across China and Southeast Asia to escape to freedom.
Their speech was moving. It was reasonable. It was bipartisan. And it worked. A CBS News-YouGov instant poll found that 75% of viewers approved of Trump's speech while only 25% disapproved. Those who approved included 97% of Republicans, 72% of independents and even 43% of Democrats. Not bad for a president with only 38% approval.
In other words, Trump won over a lot of Americans with their State of the Union address – at least for the night. They created an opening. Let's see what they do with it.
This column first appeared in The Washington Post.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
BARCELONA: Splits have emerged among Catalan separatist leaders over their plans to unilaterally declare independence following a secession referendum deemed illegal by Madrid.
Catalonia's leader Carles Puigdemont has threatened to declare independence "within days", but the region's business minister Santi Vila proposed a "ceasefire" in the row with Spain's central government.
In an opinion article published in Catalan daily Ara they urged the pro-secession camp to "reflect on the usefulness and consequences" of a declaration of independence.
Puigdemont put off until Tuesday an appearance in the regional Catalan parliament at which time some leaders have called for the declaration to be made.
The session of parliament to analyse the results of last Sunday's referendum was initially scheduled for Monday but Spain's Constitutional Court ordered that it be suspended.
The Catalan government has also not yet officially ratified the results of the vote, a move which would open a two-day period in which the parliament can declare independence.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Participants in the referendum opted overwhelmingly for secession, but turnout was only 43 per cent as Catalans who favour remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot.
While Vila urged caution, Puigdemont is under strong pressure from the far-left CUP party - whose support their government needs to pass legislation - to move quickly.
"The inescapable, inevitable moment of exercising self-determination has arrived," said CUP lawmaker Carles Riera.
"SENSE OF REAL ALARM"
Puigdemont's predecessor Artur Mas also weighed in, telling Britain's Financial Times that Catalan leaders should focus not on "how to proclaim independence, but instead on how to make it effective."
Analysts said the Catalan government risks losing international sympathy and giving Madrid an excuse for a hardline response if it makes a declaration of independence based on an unconstitutional vote.
But if it waits too long to act on the results of the plebiscite it could see the momentum behind the independence movement fizzle.
The debate is not just limited to politicians - supporters of the separatist cause are also divided over what strategy to follow.
"I have an inner conflict. I do not want a unilateral declaration of independence to happen that will last five minutes," said Olga Jubany, an anthropology professor in Barcelona.
"The strategy (of independence) was never 'we are going to impose it'. It is not the strategy I would like to follow."
Joan Botella, dean of political science at the Autonomous University of Barcelona, said "there is a sense of real alarm, not just uneasiness" in Catalan society.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who is under pressure to show a harder line towards the separatists, has urged Puigdemont not to go ahead with the independence declaration to avoid "bigger problems".
Their comment was seen as a reference to a never before used article of the Spanish constitution which allows the central government to suspend the authority of a regional government.
"There are few hours left to avoid a head-on collision... these are critical hours," said Botella.
Since the referendum Puigdemont has called for international mediation.
Switzerland has been in contact with both sides in the dispute "but the conditions for facilitation do no exist at the moment," the country's foreign ministry said.
Without foreign mediation, the other option is for mediation within Spain.
Puigdemont has met with a commission set up by Barcelona's law society made up of academics and representatives of unions and the business world.
It has recommended that both sides not take any "immediate decisions," the withdrawal of the thousands of extra police sent to Catalonia ahead of the referendum, and for a "dialogue commission" to be set up.
"These are crucial hours, we cannot expect a mediator to suddenly emerge or that both governments accept a proposal for dialogue," said Xavier Arbos, a professor of constitutional law at the University of Barcelona.
"Although the situation remains worrying, now I see that there is a margin of time," they added.
Australia coach Michael Cheika made one change from the starting side that beat Fiji last week for Saturday's test against Scotland, handing Fiji-born Eto Nabuli their debut on the left wing.
SYDNEY: Australia coach Michael Cheika made one change from the starting side that beat Fiji last week for Saturday's test against Scotland, handing Fiji-born Eto Nabuli their debut on the left wing.
The 28-year-old comes into the side in place of the injured Henry Speight, who was also born in Fiji, and takes to three the tally of former rugby league players in the team along with Israel Folau and Karmichael Hunt.
Nabuli has less pedigree in the 13-man code than their new Wallabies teammates but did represent Fiji twice before moving to union with the Queensland Reds last year.
Cheika retained Michael Hooper as captain when they name their side on Thursday after they led Australia to a 37-14 victory over Fiji with squad skipper Stephen Moore reduced once more to hoping for a spot among the as yet unnamed replacements.
Hunt, who plays at fullback in Super Rugby, has been retained as a second playmaker at inside centre after a solid debut in Melbourne.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Blindside flanker Ned Hanigan will also win a second cap, while usual starting loosehead prop Scott Sio looks like making their return from knee injury off the bench with Tom Robertson retaining the number one shirt.
Australia round out their June international campaign against Italy in Brisbane next week after the meeting with the Scots, who beat the Wallabies in Newcastle on their last trip Down Under in 2012.
Australia: 15-Israel Folau, 14-Dane Haylett-Petty, 13-Tevita Kuridrani, 12-Karmichael Hunt, 11-Eto Nabuli, 10-Bernard Foley, 9-Will Genia, 8-Scott Higginbotham, 7-Michael Hooper (captain), 6-Ned Hanigan, 5-Adam Coleman, 4-Sam Carter, 3-Allan Alaalatoa, 2-Tatafu Polota-Nau, 1-Tom Robertson
Replacements: To be confirmed
(Compiled by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by John O'Brien)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The state Department of Transportation announced ongoing and new road work projects:
Interstate 80
• Resurfacing work is being done from Exit 273, White Haven/Freeland, to Exit 260, Wilkes-Barre/Harrisburg. Traffic is down to a single lane. This work will end in November, and then continue in April 2018 and continue until May 2018.
Interstate 81
• Construction is taking place on I-81 North and South between Exit 170, Bear Creek/Wilkes Barre, and Exit 178, Avoca/Wilkes-Barre Scranton Airport. PennDOT is replacing four old, two-lane bridges with new three-lane bridges. There are two lane shifts taking place northbound. However, there are two lanes open throughout the entirety of that work. The purpose of this project is to widen the bridges in preparation for the widening of I-81 that PennDOT hopes to do in the future.
Other projects
• There will be a single lane closure on Route 115 North near the 7 Tubbs nature area in Bear Creek which began Dec. 4 to repair the metal retaining walls. The work should take two weeks and is weather dependent.
• Lane closures will occur through the next 12 months on state Route 29 in the area of the South Valley Parkway Project.
• Lake Street in Dallas will be closed through summer 2018 as part of the ongoing Dallas roundabout project. A detour is in place from Center Hill Road to Sterling Avenue and back to Machell Road.
• Bridge replacement continues over Toby Creek in Kingston Twp. This is a local project and is expected to be completed in July 2019.
Note: All projects are subject to change and depend on weather conditions.
— STAFF REPORT
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Jocelyn Parsons was named West Side Career and Technology Center Titan of the Month at the WSCTC January board meeting.
Jocelyn is a senior in the Culinary program who enjoys cooking and baking. They also want to explore options for their future by taking environmental science courses in college.
They have already earned nine college credits while attending WSCTC as part of the Early College partnership with Luzerne County Community College.
Jocelyn is involved in volunteering for the school. They serve as vice president for the Science Club, the Poetry Society, and the Culinary Club.  They are also an active member of the Student Ambassador Organization, National Technical Honor Society, National Art Honor Society, and the Early College History Club. They serve as the vice president of the Senior Class of 2017.
Jocelyn works two jobs after school.
They earned the SafeServ certification while at WSCTC, which allows them to perform higher level duties in the food service industry. Them goal is to open their own bakery some day.
They recently placed third at the regional SkillsUSA Culinary competition held last fall.
The WSCTC Titan of the Month is sponsored by Pizza Bella.
From left, are Patrick Musto, JOC president; Jocelyn Parsons, Noxen, and Richard Rava, WSCTC principal.
Veere Di Wedding director on working with Kareena, Sonam, Swara and Shikha: From action to cut, it was 'wow'
Before people even got a slight glimpse of the film, the makers of Veere Di Wedding decided to brand themselves blatantly with the disclaimer #IAmNotAChickFlick as a result of media reports that had begun referring to the film of four female friends, starring Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor, Swara Bhaskar and Shikha Talsania, as a “chick flick”. And just before the trailer came out with four female friends heard swearing, seen drinking and enjoying an active sex life before getting married, the film's director Shashanka Ghosh and co-producer Rhea Kapoor decided to put things straight. “It is not a chick flick in a sense that we are telling the story of four friends so it doesn't matter whether they are girls or boys. A lot of people think a chick flick is only for girls but this could have been four boys,” said Ghosh.
Friends — the new family
“Rhea had asked me if I genuinely thought it was a chick flick. I clarified that I didn't. Between Rhea and me, they feel very strongly about a very correct kind of feminism, that a woman is equal to a man. That comes through in the film, and what I want to say also comes through, that friends are a new family. I wanted to approach it from there. The gender is not relevant to me at all, so in that sense, yes, I am a feminist,” they said.
Also read: What Veere Di Wedding reveals about Indian films centered on women and how it can learn from Ocean's 8
“Earlier, I felt I wasn't bringing anything to the project. I couldn't have come up with Veere...kind of script. I would come up with something which is probably a very different version of friends as a new family. I have been watching since 2001 that how friends these days are playing the same role what families did in our parents' time. Rhea wanted to tell a story about four friends — four girls — but I wasn't bringing anything to the table. That's where it started and after that, it has been just polishing. Somewhere along the way, the second aspect comes in the film and as a genre we call it ‘Coming of age',” said the director.
Coming of age
“In American films, coming of age happens at 16-17, and in my life I have come across people who are 30 but quite clueless or who have not taken any risk. We have a tradition of families as protectors. That is another thing I have achieved in this. I feel coming of age story wasn't the intention, you only grow up when you deal with your own fears. Those aspects have been tackled in the film,” they added. Both Veere Di Wedding and Khoobsurat are markedly different from the films with which Ghosh began their career. Their debut, Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II, was a quirky drama about a man who gets embroiled with the Mumbai underworld. Quick Gun Murugun was a feature-length exploration of the Channel [V] character, a Tamil cowboy who likes their whiskey with masala dosa.
Also read: Swara Bhasker on their Veere Di Wedding role — People assume I can only play desi characters
For Ghosh, directing the four actors was a fulfilling and positive experience. “Actually I ended up with four very consummate actors. From action to cut, it was mostly ‘Wow'. They had understood their characters very well and would come up with their own ideas. There are a lot of lines that are ad lib. Since Khoobsurat, Sonam has grown a lot. I kept telling them that I hardly need to do any direction. They would also stop me from getting filmy as we get at times after having grown up on a certain diet of films, and the actors would ask: 'Are you sure you want to do that?' So when your actor controls and starts directing the director it indicates that they have got into the character totally,” they said. "But (in a lighter vein) just that I hate their entourage. There are so many people taking care of their hair, make-up, costume, it's madness. Anytime before you start working, this gaggle of women would descend. Some 20 of them would show up and I couldn't see anything through the lens. I would yell,” said Ghosh light-heartedly.
The pregnant version
The film became the talking point when it got postponed because of Kareena's (she returns to the screen after two years; their Udta Punjab was released in 2016) pregnancy. The scripting of the film started sometime in April 2015 but the makers waited for about a year-and-a-half for the film to start. “Scripting carried on till May 2017 because in between Kareena got pregnant, so we also wrote the pregnant version. By the end of it, I was so much in love with the pregnant version that I went and told Kareena, ‘pregnant version hi karle yaar, story aur achchi ho jayegi' (Do the pregnant version, the story will get much better) and they stared at me. Originally, Rhea and I had decided to shoot with them being pregnant, thinking the story would become more substantial. Kareena was game. But later we felt that it might be a bit delicate situation and we cannot mess around with the baby,” said Ghosh.
Also listen: Veere Di Wedding title track — Kareena Kapoor and co take off to Phuket, celebrate friendship
The case for cussing
While the film has got an 'A' certificate, the makers were still battling with CBFC (Central Board of Film Certification) until last week when Firstpost met the director probably to retain certain cuss words and expletives. “But CBFC just won't allow everything. There are certain rules. They have been told to tone down. I just executed whatever they said but not at the cost of the film because I know the whole censor process so I tried to do a version without cuss words but Rhea told me that it will take away from the credibility of the film and people. They had asked me how would I want to do it without thinking about the Censors,” said Ghosh.
Also read: Veere Di Wedding: Kareena, Sonam Kapoor-starrer banned in Pakistan due to 'vulgar dialogues, obscenity'
“For me, a woman sitting in Meerut might not say it but they will think this way (referring to a dialogue in the film) — ‘Jitna bhi padh lo, graduation, post-graduation but jab tak BC mangalsutra gale mein nahi lagta, tab tak life complete nahi hoti'. There is a term for it called ‘paraya dhan'. Can you imagine how patriarchal our country is? This frustration has to be expressed and I told this to the CBFC members that the character is not saying this to anyone but it is the issue that is stifling them You're frustrated to say something like that. The members were very understanding because they agreed that we have not used it in a sensational manner, we are using it for character credibility and portray reality rather than sensationalising things and I was so happy to hear that. But there are a bunch of rules within CBFC which you can't change. We can't have abuses that refer to a body organ and for that we would have to go to the Tribunal but we don't have the time. We are working on alternatives, everyday they are talking to Censor guys,” said the director.
And when asked if the actors ever feared that they're being overshadowed, Ghosh replied, “All four actors would think that I was chopping off their lines and I would laugh at them saying they can think what they want to. Kareena would say, ‘I'm a senior star among the four', while Sonam would say, ‘I am your favourite no'? Swara would tell me straight – ‘Tu mera line mat kat', and Shikha would almost issue a warning with — ‘Shashank Sir, watch out haan'. But I believe that if an actor does not want to claim more, they or they are not an actor. Once Anil Kapoor asked me that why was I making that face and I told them that all four girls were chewing my brain, to which they said, ‘Be grateful, these actors are still hungry and want good parts'. I agree with them totally,” said Ghosh signing off.
Also read: Sonam Kapoor on Veere Di Wedding — The film is not about women discussing men, putting them down
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 08:50 AM
Highlighting some of the important features of the upcoming smartphone Xiaomi Redmi Note 5, alleged renders of the phone have leaked on the web. After a successful last quarter, Xiaomi has some major announcements lined up, and one of them could be the Redmi Note 5.
From the popular Redmi Note lineup, the successor is expected to bring a lot of impressive features, seen on mid-range to premium devices.
If the rumors are to be believed, then the Redmi Note 5 could pack an 18:9 display with very narrow top and bottom bezels. At the rear of the smartphone is the dual-camera module placed vertically, followed by the LED flash and a fingerprint sensor.
If one looks at the renders closely, these appear more like a blend of Xiaomi's Mi MIX smartphone line and the Samsung Galaxy S8 series. Given that the source of these renders is not official and the company is also mum about its product lineup, it is wiser to take the information with the proverbial pinch of salt.
According to past leaks, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 is likely to be launched in two variants based on storage and memory. In terms of specifications, it is expected to pack a 5.99-inch IPS LCD display with full HD+ resolution. Under the hood, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC will be paired with either 3GB or 4GB RAM with 64Gb of internal storage, according to speculation.
For optics, the dual-camera setup is expected to have a combination of a 16-megapixel sensor with a 5-megapixel depth sensor for DSLR-like effect. The phone is further likely to pack a 4,100mAh battery with support for Quick Charge 4.0. While there is no official word, the Redmi Note 5 is likely to cost CNY 1,499 (approximately Rs 15,300) and could be available in a choice of three colors – grey, black, and blue.
Xiaomi is expected to unveil the Redmi Note 5 at the upcoming Mobile World Congress (MWC 2018). It was earlier believed that the company will announce the Mi 7 flagship smartphone at the event. However, some reports appear contradictory on this.
It's January 2, 2016, which means that we'll have to read “President Trump” in the papers—and hear it on the news—in only 18 days. My heart sinks. As for holidays, today's both National Buffet Day (a good idea, especially if it's an Indian buffet) and National Cream Puff Day. It's also National Science Fiction Day, commemorating the birth of Isaac Asimov on January 2, 1920.
On this day in 1967, Ronald Reagan became governor of California and, in 1971, the Ibrox Disaster took place, in which a spectator crush at a soccer match in Sheffield between Scotland and England killed 66 people and injured more than 200 (you can see a one0-hour documentary here). On this day in 1999, the Great Midwestern Snowstorm dumped huge quantities of the stuff over this part of the country, including 19 inches (!) in Chicago, with attendant temperatures of -25°C. I remember that well, but don't want to experience it again. I slogged to work with snowdrifts up to my hips, and was exhausted at the end of what is normally an 11-minute stroll.
Notables born on this day include Barry Goldwater (1909), Isaac Asimov (see above), Roger Miller (1936), Lynda Barry (1956), and Christy Turlington (1969). I'm a Lynda Barry fan, and here's a typical cartoon:
Those who died on this day include Dick Powell (1963) and Erroll Garner (1967). It was not a notable day for either news or celebrities. Meanwhile in Dobrzyn, Hili, who has at least a rudimentary political consciousness, is bewailing the dire state of Polish politics:
A: Holidays ended. It's time to go back to work. Hili: Don't tell this to the politicians. They might do it.
In Polish:
Ja: Święta się skończyły, pora zabrać się do roboty.
Hili: Nie mów tego politykom, bo posłuchają.
And in nearby Wloclawek, the Dark Tabby seeks their food:
Leon: Wasn't my bowl here?
Reader Vera sent a video of their cat Grisélidis watching the television show “Game of Thrones”:
And, from reader Ivan, an “Only a dream” meme:
Supo on Wednesday estimated that the threat of a terrorist attack is higher than ever before in Finland due to the country's increased visibility in jihadist propaganda and the ever-closer ties of counter-terrorism persons of interest to terrorist activities.
The Finnish Security Intelligence Service (Supo) has raised its terror threat level to the second lowest level of elevated.
The threat, it reminded, continues to be posed primarily by lone-wolf terrorists and small terrorist groups influenced by radical propaganda or larger terrorist organisations.
Supo said it has identified approximately 350 individuals as counter-terrorism persons of interest, a number that represents an increase of roughly 80 per cent since 2012 and that is projected to continue growing as a consequence of radicalisation and the emergence and detection of new terrorist networks.
Such persons of interest are believed to have more direct and serious links to terrorist activities and include a growing number of people who have either participated or expressed a willingness to participate in armed conflicts, or participated in terrorist training.
Supo's updated threat assessment indicates that some of the people who have left Finland to participate in armed conflicts in Iraq and Syria have risen to influential positions in, especially, the so-called Islamic State.
Supo also revealed that is has become aware of more serious terrorism-related plans and projects in Finland.
Finland's position has changed substantially, Pekka Hiltunen, a special researcher at Supo, summarised in a press conference according to Helsingin Sanomat.
The country, they pointed out, was previously regarded as neutral and remained relatively unknown among terrorist organisations. Today, however, it is portrayed in jihadist propaganda, which is also disseminated in Finnish, as a country that is hostile towards the so-called Islamic State – a fact that has increased the likelihood of an attack in Finland.
Another factor contributing to the heightened threat level is the fact that terrorist organisations have widened the range of their possible targets. “Efforts are made to direct attacks against all states and groups that are regarded as hostile. This increases the threat of attacks in Finland,” writes Supo.
The new four-tier terrorist threat scale was adopted to reflect the continuing changes in the operating environment of counter-terrorism, told Antti Pelttari, the director of Supo. The new scale, which measures the threat of a terrorist attack on a scale ranging from low to severe, will according to them enable Supo to inform people of the current threat level more clearly than before.
“Finland remains one of the safest countries in the world. We're doing everything we can to make sure the situation stays unchanged,” they reminded on Wednesday.
Supo issued its previous terrorist threat assessment in November, 2015. It at the time estimated that the threat of an isolated violent attack had increased but that the threat of an organised attack by a terrorist organisation remained low.
The Police of Finland on Wednesday announced that it will step up its preparedness and increase its presence in public places and events due to the new terror threat assessment.
The police are well-prepared also in light of the new assessment and wil continue their efforts to prevent terrorist attacks in close co-operation with Supo, as well as the Border Guard and Finnish Customs, assures Timo Kilpeläinen, a superintendent at the National Police Board.
“The police will step up their efforts to maintain the situational picture, exchange information and gather criminal intelligence. Pre-trial investigations are launched to criminal plans we are and become aware of,” they say in a press release.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Linda Manner – Lehtikuva
For nearly nine years, the global hunt for yield sent you to one place: the U.S. stock market.
NEW YORK: For nearly nine years, the global hunt for yield sent you to one place: the U.S. stock market.
On Friday, stocks took their biggest pounding since 2016 after the U.S. government's monthly payrolls report showed the biggest wage gains for workers since 2009. That convinced investors the threat of inflation, long tame since the 2007-2009 recession, is growing larger, sending bond yields soaring.
With central banks having taken extraordinary measures to combat the financial crisis, driving interest rates to record lows and making safe assets like U.S. Treasuries a scarcity, investors of all stripes were forced to turn to equities.
But when what had been a stealth increase in U.S. rates over several months suddenly broke out into the open in the last week, investors were jolted awake to a new reality: Stocks are no longer the only solution for finding yield.
"One of the key mantras of the bull market has been stocks are inexpensive relative to bonds, and bonds are getting cheaper, especially at these highs," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "So people are taking profits and they probably should be."
With the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond on pace to top 3.5 percent this year for the first time since April of 2011, risk-free bonds are becoming an increasingly attractive place for yield-focused investors.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At the current forward price-earnings ratio of 18.2, according to Thomson Reuters proprietary research, the S&P 500 index's earnings yield is 5.5 percent, well below the historic norm of around 6.7 percent. With bond yields rising across the spectrum, the 5.5 cents of profit that underpins every US$1 in share prices on average begins to look thin by comparison.
"We don't have a line in the sand but 10-year Treasuries near 3 percent are starting to look a lot more attractive," said Mike Dowdall, a portfolio manager with BMO Global Asset Management.
That rise in yields prompted a broad sell-off in stocks on Friday, as investors reacted to data from the U.S. Labor Department showing wages last month recorded their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
Equities continued a five-day downward trend, with the S&P 500 sliding more than 2 percent for its largest one-day decline since September 2016. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost more than 2.5 percent.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Meanwhile, a sell-off in bonds that has gathered pace this year intensified, with yields on 10-year Treasuries hitting a four-year peak.
That dynamic is putting pressure on areas of the market that had served as bond proxies. As a result, fund managers are rediscovering the risk of rising rates, selling out of assets ranging from high-yield "junk" bonds to utility stocks and pushing the broad S&P 500 lower.
Warning signs for equities have been long discussed, as the market hit almost daily fresh highs. On Friday, Merrill Lynch's bull-bear indicator, which has accurately predicted 11 out of 11 U.S. stock market corrections since 2002, hit a "sell" signal.
The rise in bond yields is "certainly beginning to concern the markets," said Nicholas Colas, co-founder at DataTrek Research in New York. "Rates have risen fairly quickly this year and the speed of the advance is worrying."
The yield on the 10-year Treasury has risen to 2.46 percent from 2.84 percent at the start of the year, the swiftest rise since November 2016.
Earlier this week, the Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but said it anticipated inflation likely would rise in 2018, bolstering expectations borrowing costs will continue to climb. The Fed currently projects three rate hikes for this year.
Stocks have so far proven largely immune to rising rates, with the S&P 500 jumping nearly 20 percent in 2017. Stocks have not fallen by 10 percent or more since the start of 2016, leaving recent declines as buying opportunities.
A stock market correction could pose a political problem for President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans ahead of congressional elections later this year. Trump has trumpeted the sharp gains in U.S. equities since they took office as proof that their economic policies were working.
SECTOR DECLINES
There already are signs investors are moving into actively managed stock funds in order to sidestep the impact of rising rates. U.S.-based active stock mutual funds, which lost US$7.2 billion in outflows as investors moved toward “passive” stock exchange traded funds (ETFs), attracted US$2.4 billion in new assets during the week that ended Wednesday, according to data from Lipper.
At the same time, the lowest end of the credit spectrum has been facing cash withdrawals as rising rates increase the cost of refinancing debt. In the week ended Wednesday, U.S.-based high-yield "junk" bond funds posted outflows of US$1.8 billion, their third consecutive week of cash withdrawals, according to Lipper. The four-week moving average for the sector is negative US$825 million, the largest such figure since early December.
Stocks sensitive to rates are leading the market lower for the year. Real estate stocks in the S&P 500 are down 3.7 percent over the last month, while utilities are down 4.6 percent over the same time.
Consumer discretionary stocks, which tend to outperform during periods of inflation due to rising wages, are up 8 percent over the same time.
Fund managers say that they expect that other growth-oriented sectors such as technology and financials will continue to outperform, thanks in part to a pickup in inflation and the Republican-led tax overhaul that slashed corporate rates.
Overall, 78.1 percent of companies in the S&P 500 have reported fourth-quarter earnings above analyst expectations, compared with an average of 72 percent over the last year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"You're getting a pickup in economic growth and in wages, so that makes the growth sectors still the place to be," said Margaret Patel, a senior portfolio manager at Wells Fargo Funds who run a portfolio of both equities and fixed income. "Even Treasury yields of 3 percent have never been an impediment to the stock market doing better."
(Reporting by David Randall, Jennifer Ablan, Trevor Hunnicutt, Caroline Valetkevich and Megan Davies; Editing by Paul Simao)
Gov. Scott approves pay raise bill for state workers
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) State employees will get a pay raise this October under a bill signed into law by Gov. Rick Scott.
Scott on Wednesday signed the bill (SB 7022) that includes $183 million that will be used to offer varying levels of pay hikes for workers.
Rank-and-file employees who currently earn $40,000 a year or less will get a $1,400 pay raise, and those earning more than $40,000 will receive a $1,000 raise. The legislation also authorizes 5 percent pay raises to state law-enforcement officers that will kick in on July 1. Judges, state attorneys and public defenders will get a 10 percent raise in October.
The bill includes changes to retirement and health insurance benefits.
Newly hired public employees will be placed in an investment 401(k) styled-plan if they don't make a choice within nine months of starting their jobs.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
7 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Holders France ran into a spot of bother as they split the opening day's singles matches to finish locked at 1-1 with the Netherlands in the first round of their Davis Cup World Group tie after being hit by injuries on Friday.
PARIS: Holders France ran into a spot of bother as they split the opening day's singles matches to finish locked at 1-1 with the Netherlands in the first round of their Davis Cup World Group tie after being hit by injuries on Friday.
French number one Jo-Wilfried Tsonga had been ruled out of the tie with a knee problem and Lucas Pouille, who was scheduled to play the first singles rubber, pulled out injured on Friday.
That meant world number 25 Adrian Mannarino had to step in at the 11th hour and they ended up being outclassed 7-6(4) 6-3 6-3 by world number 369 Thiemo De Bakker.
Richard Gasquet drew France level with a 6-4 7-6(3) 3-6 7-5 win against Robin Haase.
Pouille, who gave France the winning point against Belgium in the 2017 final last November, pulled out suffering from a stiff neck.
"Gasquet was solid. They went for the points, especially near the end of the game. It's a good sign for the team," said France captain Yannick Noah.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Noah said they were not sure Pouille would be able to play on Sunday.
"I hope they can play but the medical staff will need to work miracles," added Noah.
Belgium got off to a commanding start in Liege against Hungary as Ruben Bemelmans and David Goffin won the opening singles. Switzerland, without 20-times grand slam champion Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka, were 2-0 down against Kazakhstan in Astana.
Britain, without the services of Andy Murray who led them to the title in 2015, were surprisingly tied at 1-1 with Spain. World number 114 Cameron Norrie upset Roberto Bautista Agut, 23rd in the ATP rankings, in a five-set thriller.
Serbia were on the brink of being eliminated after falling 2-0 behind against the United States. Sam Querrey and John Isner won their singles against Laslo Djere and Dusan Lajovic respectively.
Alexander Zverev needed five sets to tame unheralded Alex de Minaur to give Germany 1-0 lead against Australia before Nick Kyrgios overwhelmed Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets to level the tie in Brisbane.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A White Haven man awaiting sentencing in a child rape case has died.
Teddy C. Newton, 54, was found dead Friday, according to borough police who said they had entered a plea agreement in August in the case. That arrangement involved Newton pleading guilty to four first degree felonies for rape of a child and the prosecution withdrawing the remaining charges against him, White Haven Police Chief Tom Szoke said.
Newton was awaiting sentencing in Luzerne County Court, Wilkes-Barre, which will now dispose of the case, Szoke said.
Initially, Newton, a coach for a traveling youth lacrosse team, was charged with 20 felonies by police April 21 and was free a few days later after posting $300,000 bail through a bondsman.
Arrest papers state the then-12-year-old victim claimed Newton had sex with them multiple times, despite the child telling them to stop.
— AMANDA CHRISTMAN
Australia: Aspiring Australian citizens will have to make a pledge to share Australian values under laws being introduced to Parliament.
Immigration and Border Protection Minister Peter Dutton said on Thursday that citizenship laws had to be reinforced to maintain public support for immigration and the value of citizenship in "an increasingly challenging national security environment and complex global security situation."
The bill does not spell out what Australian values are and critics of the proposal argue it would be difficult to get Australians to agree on what values they share.
The bill would also raise the bar on English-language skills for prospective citizens and extends the time that an applicant must be an Australian permanent resident from one to four years.
Rosie O' Donnell called Donald Trump “mentally unstable,” and warned Americans that they were running out of time to stop them from being president. According to the Daily Mail, the 54-year-old also shared a link to a CNN article on Twitter. The article that the comedian shared was written by Harry Hurt III, author of Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump. The writer had revealed that they were walked out of the Trump International Golf Club, Friday in West Palm Beach after they introduced themselves to Mr. Trump at the practice range. Hurt called the president-elect's behavior “inappropriate” adding that they received a “tongue lashing from the future president,” on Saturday. Hurt's bombshell book was written 23 years-ago. The publishing company, W.W. Norton, Starling, Lawrence had called the contentious book “too dangerous” to reprint. Hurt had wanted to reprint the book when Trump won the Republican Party nomination for president. They said the lawyer of the publishing house had called it too much of a risk. Rosie O'Donnell: Trump is ‘mentally unstable' https://t.co/DyORVpMnwE pic.twitter.com/M7lgts8aeL — The Hill (@thehill) January 2, 2017 “Starling informed me that Norton's current in-house lawyer whose name I do not know, had deemed the book too ‘dangerous to reissue'. It's chickens**t, since the book has been out for 23 years, and no one has ever threatened to sue me…So that's kind of bulls**t.” Inside the book, Trump's former wife Ivana alleged that they were raped by the business person billionaire. They had revealed this in a sworn deposition during their divorce, adding that they did not mean it in the “criminal” sense. Despite Hurt's opinion that they had not being sued, the book did encounter legal challenges when Trump demanded a sit-down with the author with their attorney back in 1993. It was a meeting that did not end well. Trump had been angry over the allegations and pulled out a tape recorder from their suit, declaring that they had been recording the entire conversation. According to Hurt, Trump's lawyer was shocked at their actions and even more baffled that they had done it without telling him. Rosie O'Donnell calls Donald Trump mentally unstable – and says there is only three weeks to stop them pic.twitter.com/hOAGRwzf5e — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) January 2, 2017 “They got angrier and angrier. Donald jumped up and pulled a tape recorder out of the pocket of their suit and declared ‘I've got all this on tape.” When Hurt's publishers refused to print the book, Hurt bought the rights and started selling it as an Amazon Kindle book. The book went on sale around the same time that Trump bagged the presidential nomination of the Republican Party. The book was a hotcake, selling around $115 per copy. Used copies were a rarity and someone that offered their own copy for sale was asking $1,872.21 for it. The 64-year-old author spent close to three years writing the biography about Donald Trump. The conclusion of the book was that the 70-year-old politician was morally and intellectually unfit to be president of the United States. HARRY HURT WRITES A HIT JOB PIECE ABOUT TRUMP AND THINKS They Are GOING TO BE WELCOME WITH OPEN ARMS TO GOLF..GTFOH ???????? https://t.co/Y6sqlnNx8V — JerseyGirl D ???? (@JerseyGirlD2) January 2, 2017 “I know of no other previous president who as a developer enthusiastically sought and lavishly compensated mob associated concrete pouring contractors for their buildings, who bankrupted four casinos, who deliberately induced bankers to lend them money on real estate projects that were destined to go bankrupt because they knew they were ‘too big to fail,' and who has an ex-wife who swore they raped her.” In the book, Hurt exposed the deepest recesses of the Trump business empire. According to him, the 70-year-old politician is not a misogynist, but hardly treats women well either. They said Mr. Trump promoted women with one hand and pulled them down with the other. They gave a classic example using their ex-wife, Ivana in their book, Lost Tycoon. Donald Trump biographer Harry Hurt III says Trump booted them from their golf course last week https://t.co/fsZVetnafu https://t.co/KjbIwoXmgM — CNN (@CNN) January 2, 2017 “He had their running Trump Castle in Atlantic City, then the Plaza Hotel in New York City. By almost all accounts, Ivana performed very well in both jobs. But Donald was still critical of their personally, declaring that their emphasis on work made them perform poorly as a wife.” The O'Donnell-Trump feud started as far back as 2006 when the comedian was a host on The View. Their decade-long conflict was still full swing all through the 2016. During the November presidential debates, Trump called them a “fat pig,” “slob” and “total degenerate.” O'Donnell hit back, calling them an “orange anus,” and even insinuated at one point that their youngest son, Barron had autism. [Featured Image by Evan Agostini/AP Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Neighborhood on edge while 2 pit bulls roam free
A neighborhood on edge as two pit bulls roam the streets.
Last October, Naples resident Dawn Mozes' boyfriend was attacked by two pit bulls while walking their dog, Mia Bella.
Mia Bella was cut open from the attack, and Mozes' boyfriend ended up in the hospital.
MORE: Naples man, their dog attacked by 2 pit bulls
Two months after the attack, neighbors say these two dogs are still running around the neighborhood and Collier County Animal Services hasn't done anything.
Now, neighbors are taking matters into their own hands.
George Scharring- Hausen and their wife, Debbie, have a 13-year-old York terrier, Molly, and they will do anything to keep them safe.
“Well, obviously we can not take them for a walk around here, we just won't do it,” Scharring-Hausen said. “We take them for a walk at our office, which is in a different location, but we can't take them for a walk around here, not until this gets resolved.”
Collier County Animal Services say the pit bulls aren't dangerous, but won't explain why.
“This is a very serious issue, this can't be ignored,” Scharring-Hausen said.
Since the attack in October, neighbors say the pit bulls have attacked more neighborhood dogs and they are still roaming outside without a leash.
“This issue where you have an irresponsible homeowner with two dogs and doesn't look after them obviously, this has to be resolved,” Scharring-Hausen said.
This leaves many owners with small dogs feeling uneasy in their own neighborhood.
“I don't know how to defend against two large dogs, except you know, being hurt,” said Mihai Marian said. “It's tough. This shouldn't happen in this neighborhood.”
Reporter: Kelsey Kushner
Writer: Emily Ford
The power to enter homes and relocate the elderly or persons with disabilities and special needs is one of a set of suggestions from the Ministry of Social and Family Development.
SINGAPORE: The Ministry of Social and Family Development (MSF) introduced the Vulnerable Adults (VA) Bill in Parliament on Tuesday (Mar 20), proposing measures to better protect those who may not be able to adequately care for themselves and “have fallen through the net of family and community support”.
Such individuals may include the elderly, as well as people with disabilities and special needs.
Key initiatives include state intervention powers for MSF officers to enter the homes of suspected VAs, assess their condition, obtain information, examine records as well as temporarily relocate them to either designated facilities or the care of a competent person.
The Bill also allows MSF to apply for court orders ranging from protection-related ones to requirements for caregivers to undergo counselling. It additionally suggests affording protection for those who come forward with information on alleged abuse or neglect of VAs.
Penalties for offences committed against the vulnerable “will not be taken lightly” and enhanced should the Bill be passed into legislation, said MSF in a press release. These include voluntarily causing hurt, wrongful restraint and harassment. The ministry also wants to amend the Women's Charter to increase penalties for contravening a protection order.
“The Bill will be a law of last resort, because personal care arrangements are matters for individuals and families to decide on … The State will only intervene if absolutely necessary,” said MSF. "Early identification and protection of VAs require strong family and community support."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The ministry emphasised that the Bill would prioritise the welfare and best interests of the VA. Those with the mental capacity have the right to decide how they wish to live and whether to accept assistance. In other cases, their “views, wishes, values and beliefs must be considered”, said MSF.
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience of scuba gear.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," they said.
They added that if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, they can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October. It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera. In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai." A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children. "It's like they have been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. They said she''ll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (WIVB) — Niagara University students spent Wednesday morning decorating windows of vacant buildings in Niagara Falls.
“So we've been working with about 4 or 5 people all morning just taping them up, trying to better the community make it more attractive,” said Jake Martineau, Niagara University student.
Several life-size silhouettes or ‘shadow selfies' can now be seen on vacant storefronts at the corner of Main and Third street.
“I know overtime that a number of these have been shoe stores, restaurants, closed and shuttered since then. But the idea is hopefully it will spur people to say I'm going to take a chance, I'm going to invest in Niagara Falls,” said Michael Beam, Niagara University Castellani Art Museum Special Projects.
The shadow selfies were made by Niagara University students and faculty, and members of the Boys and Girls Club. It's all part of a project called Power Up Niagara. A small project, with hopes of making a big impact.
“All of these windows are going to be back lit with flourescent lighting behind it so at night it's going to give the appearance that these stores are open, that there are things going on,” said Beam.
Those involved in the project hope the artistic flair could attract new development.
“It absolutely adds a new energy like we just saw folks that were walking down the street asking what is it, what's going on. It spurs interest, the sense of community, the sense of togetherness,” said Beam.
This project is the first of many Niagara University plans to do over the next few years in partnership with the city and the Levesque Institute. The vacant storefront shadow selfies could be lit up at night as soon as this weekend.
Uber's appeal against the loss of its London license should begin on Apr. 30 for five days but might be delayed until June, a British judge said on Monday at a preliminary hearing.
LONDON: Uber's appeal against the loss of its London license should begin on Apr. 30 for five days but might be delayed until June, a British judge said on Monday at a preliminary hearing.
There will be two further preliminary hearings on Tuesday and Wednesday next week to decide whether a trade union and the London Taxi Drivers' Association can join Uber and transport regulator Transport for London (TfL) in the case.
TfL ruled in September that the ride-hailing service's approach and conduct was not fit and proper to hold a private vehicle hire license.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Michael Holden)
It's rough in the friendly skies. There have been countless reports of racism on airplanes, from Maxine Waters being stalked while onboard to a Black female doctor being ignored who was trying to help someone in need of medical assistance. However, with this latest incident, the airline may have gotten it right — and it wasn't Delta or United.
According to multiple Spanish media outlets, a 70-year-old man boarded a Binter Canarias flight to La Palma at North Tenerife Airport. Witnesses claimed they made racist comments to the Black flight attendant. El Pais reported that the man said “I don't want blacks around me!” It is not known why they they had this breakdown.
The racist was confronted by the plane's captain, who ordered the man to leave, but they refused. Multiple security guards were called and the man eventually exited the plane without further incident. Watch the video below.
Thankfully, this man was properly handled. Delta and United could learn from Binter Canarias.
SEE ALSO:
Mike Pence, Tim Kaine Miss Opportunity To Confront Racism & Implicit Bias In Policing
United And Delta Support The NRA? Spirit Airlines, Here We Come!
American Airlines Employees To Take Anti-Racism Training After NAACP Issued Travel Advisory
Also On Magic 95.9:
Image: Getty
Chopra's latest OOTD was the perfect pick for a day out in the city. While the rolled up sleeves of their dress added a cool girl spin to their look, a sleek matching belt tied around their waistline accentuated their svelte figure. The actor, who is good friends with Salman Khan's sister, Arpita Khan Sharma, was seen spending time with their son Ahil yesterday, and their one-toned red number for the outing was a fresh break from the usual printed and striped shirtdresses we see on celebrities. Looking for a shirtdress just like hers? Our edit has some options for you.
REUTERS: Grammy-winner Dennis Edwards, who performed lead vocals for some of the chart-topping Motown singles recorded by The Temptations in the 1960s and 1970s, has died at age 74, their manager said on Friday.
Edwards died at a hospital in Chicago on Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, their manager Toby Ludwig said by phone.
The singer, who lived outside St. Louis, would have celebrated their 75th birthday on Saturday.
The Alabama-born Edwards replaced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968.
Edwards sang lead on some of the vocal group's most memorable hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone," a 1972 release that earned Edwards and the group two Grammy Awards, and "I Can't Get Next To You," which topped the pop charts in 1969.
Edwards left The Temptations around the time the group left Motown to sign with Atlantic Records in 1977. They rejoined and left multiple times in the 1980s, when the group enjoyed far less success on the pop charts than in the previous two decades.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of The Temptations.
(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Sandra Maler and Leslie Adler)
EMMETT TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Officers in Emmett Township say a missing woman was found safe Tuesday morning.
Melissa Church was last seen leaving their home in the 12000 block of 6 1/2 Mile Road, south of Battle Creek, around 1:30 p.m. Thursday to meet a friend.
The Emmett Township Department of Public Safety sent out a news release Tuesday morning asking for the public's help in locating Church. Less than an hour later, officers said they had been found safe and thanked everyone for their tips and shares via Facebook.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A badly injured baby beaver who became a social media sensation last year has a new buddy that could help boost their chances of survival.
The beaver kit was admitted to the Alberta Institute for Wildlife Conservation (AIWC) in Madden, Alta., in June 2016 after being found alone on a northwest Calgary golf course with wounds to their tail. They were just five-weeks-old.
“At that age, they did require quite a lot of hands-on care,” Executive Director Holly Duval said. “Formula feeding, and supervised pool time, things like that.”
READ MORE: WATCH: Baby beaver found injured on Alberta golf course recovers in pool
As the beaver was recovering, a video of their pool time posted to the organization's Facebook page started getting thousands of views.
“She became very popular on all of our social media channels.”
To date, the video has been viewed 697,000 times on their page, with the AIWC estimating it's had over 15-million views in total from all the news sites and YouTube channels that requested to run it.
WATCH: Injured baby beaver recovers in Alberta pool
On Monday, the organization announced the young beaver had since made a buddy.
In June, a male beaver found stuck in a northeast Calgary storm drain was admitted to the AIWC. The beaver had deep bite wounds on their lower back.
“We didn't really expect that this new beaver would be interested in them at all. They were housed outside in adjoining enclosures … when the staff went out to feed them both one night, they found that they were interacting through the chain-link fence,” Duvall explained.
“It's great for them, it's great that they can be together in our care,” they added.
“It will make them stronger, it will make them healthier having another beaver as a companion.”
“Then, as they go out to the wild, they will remain bonded and they'll do really well in the wild together — because they'll have that bond and that security of one another.”
Duvall says the beavers are just pals, not romantic companions.
“They're not at a breeding age, so we're not concerned about having any babies or anything like that.”
“Their relationship right now is totally platonic.”
It's expected both beavers will be released into the wild in spring of 2018.
“We want to supervise them as much as possible after their release to make sure that they're doing well.”
GoFundMe account created to raise money for beaver care
With the young beaver buddies expected to remain in the care of AIWC for another year, the organization has created a GoFundMe account to raise funds to help care for the creatures.
“Caring for two beavers for nearly another year until they can be released is a huge expense and undertaking,” Duvall said.
“We are asking for the public's help in caring for the pair.”
“With beavers, you do have to keep them for quite an extensive amount of time in care if they're babies. So we reached out to a number of different wildlife rehabilitators to get more advice and consult with them about beavers so that we knew that we were providing the best treatment plan.”
Between the food, water and husbandry care, it's estimated both beavers will cost $22,500 to care for.
“We are asking for the public's help if they do want to support the beavers. We're looking to fundraise just over $22,000 to give these beavers the best chance in our care, and also when they go back out into the wild.”
“It is very expensive to care for wildlife in general, but specifically caring for these two beavers for such a long amount of time.”
AIWC gets very little government funding and relies mainly on donations to stay operational.
Duvall says well over 75 per cent of the organization's patients come from Calgary.
If you find injured or orphaned wildlife you can call the Alberta Institute for Wildlife Conservation at 403-946-2361.
A pair of fashion shows staged in downtown Los Angeles Saturday — one featuring Snoop Dogg and the other Wiz Khalifa and the Taylor Gang — prompted some metaphysical soul-searching on the true purpose of runway shows and music videos and the power of celebrity branding. And that had nothing to do with the copious clouds of cannabis wafting through the venue.
The two shows anchored the second day of Made LA, a two-day art, fashion and music event created by WME/IMG that filled L.A. Live's Event Deck, the roof of the parking structure located between Staples Center and the 110 Freeway in downtown L.A., with a runway- and performance-ready tented space and a cluster of pop-up retail kiosks, all of which was open to the public. (Opening Ceremony's first-ever L.A. runway show, which drew on such diverse inspirations as Georgia O'Keeffe and “Kill Bill,” closed out day one.)
Joyrich X Snoop Dogg
Snoop Dogg (center) performs during the Joyrich X Snoop Dogg fashion show on June 10, 2017, at L.A. Live's Event Deck in downtown Los Angeles. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
First out of the gate, on Saturday afternoon, was a capsule collection from the L.A.-based Joyrich streetwear label that not only paid homage to Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. (known professionally as Snoop Dogg) but also featured the runway modeling debut of the hip-hop artist's 20-year-old son Cordell Broadus. The younger Broadus, it turns out, was wearing multiple hats Saturday, serving as the creative director of the capsule (in collaboration with Joyrich owner and designer Tom Hirota) and working on the short video that introduced the collection.
“The [show] inspiration is my father. He's my biggest hero,” Cordell Broadus said in a pre-show backstage interview. “I admire that they stayed true to himself.”
Despite the flattery — and the family ties — Broadus said getting their father on board was no easy feat. “The most challenging part was getting my dad to be a part of it because he's so focused on their image and their brand,” they said, adding that the deal came with a price — literally.
“My dad doesn't treat me like their son when we're doing business,” Broadus explained. “He's an actual client so I had to approach them like a client — no handouts. And we also had to pay them too. Make sure y'all write that down too.”
The Joyrich X Snoop Dogg holiday and spring/summer 2018 capsule collection that came down the catwalk, against a backdrop of lowrider cars with their Snoopness performing right smack in the middle, consisted mostly of streetwear and loungewear staples served up in super-baggy silhouettes and emblazoned with references that would be instantly recognizable to fans, including blue paisley bandanna prints, cap-wearing cartoon mutts and the word “Doggystyle,” (the name of Snoop Dogg's 1993 debut album) on shirtsleeves, down pant legs and across the front of football-style jerseys. (While riffs on the athletic jersey are common, the ones here seemed a little more meaningful given that Broadus left the UCLA football team last year to pursue their true passions, which they described to us as “film and fashion.”)
Outerwear offerings included varsity jackets, slouchy hoodies, pullover sweatshirts and faux mink car coats in a handful of colors like blue, dusty pink and black paired with baggy sweatpants, roomy plus fours and outsized white five-pocket jeans.
On the loungewear side of the equation, there were baggy blue velour tracksuits with zip-front jackets (the show's gin-and-Juicy Couture moment), silken dressing robes in blue paisley, pajama-like plaid button-front shirts and cargo pants as well as oversize T-shirts and longsleeve tees that hung to the hips.
Broadus, one of the last to walk, hit the runway wearing the asupervisorstioned blue mink jacket (his favorite piece) sans shirt and a pair of blue velour lounge pants with “Snoop Doggy Dogg” embroidered up the right leg. After that came the finale walk during which models started passing around a marijuana joint. Within a few minutes, the center of the venue became hazy with pot smoke as the models flocked around the man of the hour, dancing ecstatically, congratulating them — and one another — and enthusiastically singing along with Snoop Dogg.
That's when the runway show part seemed to melt away altogether, leaving something more like a shoppable music video in its wake. Speaking of which, retail plans for the capsule collection include a one-day pop-up shop on Snoop Dogg's birthday (Oct. 20), with the rest of the collection rolling out to the Joyrich website and flagship stores, including the Melrose Avenue boutique locally, and other stockists worldwide starting in December.
Wiz Khalifa with 424 and Pleasures
Wiz Khalifa (left) performs during a show presenting their collaborations with 424 and Pleasures on June 10, 2017, at Made LA. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
Wiz Khalifa's Saturday evening event, which showcased the rapper and serial collaborator's new partnership with L.A.-based brands 424 and Pleasures, pushed the fashion side of the equation further into the shadows — literally — thanks to the laser light show and swirling fog set that made it difficult to see the clothes in much detail.
The collection seemed to be, at least, partially inspired by Khalifa's 2010 hit song “Black and Yellow,” consisting primarily of sunny yellow hooded sweatshirts (some cropped with sheared off hems) with “FOUR TWO FOUR” printed down each arm paired with either all-black trousers or black drawstring track pants with black-and-white checkerboard sidestripes and the name “Pleasures” printed on the front left of the thigh. (Although the high-profile placement of the two brand names added a NASCAR uniform vibe to the streetwear collection, it did help differentiate what each brand brought to the table.)
Orange was another prevalent color in the multi-brand collaboration, cropping up in orange cutoff shorts, orange workwear-inspired jackets with a swath of the asupervisorstioned checkerboarding across the chest, camp shirts with allover prints of a house being consumed by orange flames (accompanied by the words “Army of me”), and an orange version of the checkerboard-sidestriped track pants. It was the last of those items that Khalifa wore when they took to the runway (or stage, depending on your point of view) for a high-energy performance with the Taylor Gang that, like the Joyrich/Snoop Dogg show, included the enthusiastic consumption of cannabis.
In collaboration with the body-scanning app CALA, some custom-fit pieces from the runway collection could be ordered on-site. In addition, some of the Pleasures pieces, including the checkerboard track pants ($100) and allover print camp shirts ($80), are currently available via online pre-order to ship by July 1. (It's unclear, as of this writing, when the 424-branded items will drop.)
A scene from the Wiz Khalifa with 424 and Pleasures runway show presented on June 10, 2017, as part of Made LA
adam.tschorn@latimes.com
For more musings on all things fashion and style, follow me at @ARTschorn.
ALSO:
Georgia O'Keeffe meets 'Kill Bill' in Opening Ceremony's homage to powerful women
Viva Las Vegas! Jeremy Scott takes Moschino on a rip-roaring road trip to Sin City
Get the colorful Vegas-style beauty looks from Moschino's L.A. fashion show
Snoop Dogg talks collaboration, working with Adidas and smokable gifts for the naughty and nice
And it's not just Guinea. From the huge pan-African Lekela wind and solar projects, to wind farms in Kenya and solar projects in Rwanda and Tanzania …
Rwead more
A Karmo Grade 1 Area Court in Abuja on Friday sentenced a 26-year-old motorcyclist, Audu Dogara, to nine month imprisonment for absconding with their employer's motorcycle.
Dogara, a resident of Marraba in Nasarawa State, was arraigned on a three-count charge of criminal breach of trust, misappropriation and cheating.
The Judge, Mr Abubakar Sadiq, however, gave the convict an option of N10,000 fine and warned them against taking to crimes in future.
Sadiq also ordered the convict to pay N110,000 as compensation for the motorcycle to the complainant.
“In default of the payment, the convict will serve three months in prison,'' the judge added.
Earlier, the prosecuting counsel, Mrs Florence Auhioboh, told the court that Dogara committed the offence in March 2017 at Karmo Village in Abuja.
Auhioboh said that one Ishaya Daudu of ECWA Church, Karmo reported the matter at Karmo Police Station on Jan 30.
They said the complainant gave their Bajaj motorcycle, worth N110,000 to Dogara for commercial purpose within Karmo and to remit money weekly.
“The convict ran away with the complainant's motorcycle without remitting any money throughout 2017.
“Dogara disappeared with the motorcycle without the consent of their employer to an unknown destination,'' they said.
The prosecutor said that the convict, who was arrested in Marraba, refused to give a reasonable explanation as to the where about of the motorcycle during police investigation.
“Right now the motorcycle in question is still missing,''she said.
According to Auhioboh, the offence contravened Sections 312, 309 and 322 of the Penal Code.
Dogara pleaded guilty to the charge and begged the court for leniency.
“I sold the motorcycle and use the money to cultivate cassava farm.
“I am sorry for selling the motorcycle,'' they pleaded.
Los Angeles-based premium denim label Hudson Jeans is ramping up its marketing efforts with a new ad campaign and an emerging designer collaboration. The fall 2017 ads, set to launch today, feature rising model and Cindy Crawford mini-me Kaia Gerber and Gabriel Day-Lewis, son of Oscar-winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis, along with French actor Isabelle Adjani. Photographed by Patrick Demarchelier under the art direction of David Lipman, the ads will break across multiple media outlets digitally throughout the season.
Gerber is the face of Marc Jacobs' Daisy fragrance and Day-Lewis made their modeling debut on the Chanel runway in 2015 with Julianne Moore on their arm.  They are also a singer, under the name Gabriel-Kane, just like their Instagram handle. Day-Lewis also made a splash at the last Met Gala, clad in Topman and posing with fellow models Jordan Barrett and Presley Gerber.
Patrick Demarchelier Gabriel Day-Lewis in Hudson's fall campaign. Gabriel Day-Lewis in Hudson's fall campaign. (Patrick Demarchelier)
In addition, the brand will unveil its first collaboration, Hudson x Baja East, a capsule that combines Baja East's signature androgynous streetwear and tropical prints with Hudson's denim range. The pieces will make their debut at the Baja East show on Sept. 12 during New York Fashion Week, and will mark Hudson's first appearance on the New York runway.
Hudson, which has previously tapped famous offspring Georgia May-Jagger and Dylan Penn in its ads, kicked off its branding efforts this summer as a title apparel sponsor at the FYF Festival in Los Angeles, which featured headliners Missy Elliott, Bjørk, Nine-Inch Nails, Frank Ocean and Solange Knowles. The brand dressed VIP attendees Vanessa Hudgens, Chanel Iman, Erin Wasson and Jaime King.
Hudson Jeans is owned by Differential Brands Group Inc., which comprises Hudson, Robert Graham and Swims. Earlier this year, Hudson appointed former Lucky Brand chief merchandising officer Matthew Fior president, working alongside founder, Peter Kim, to grow the brand's business globally.
ALSO
Dolce & Gabbana & 'Giselle': South Coast Plaza soiree celebrates Teatro alla Scala Ballet Company
It's Valentino in the topiary and Zoe Saldana on the guest list at Lotusland's Avant Garden gala
Guns N' Roses marks 30th anniversary of 'Appetite for Destruction' with a high-end Maxfield pop-up shop
The Tennessee Titans watched their grip on the AFC South slip away Sunday in the desert, falling 12-7 to the Arizona Cardinals.
Marcus Mariota took the blame for an offense that totaled a measly 204 yards. The Titans QB also tossed two interceptions and completed just 16 of 31 passes.
"Frustration is an understatement," Mariota said, via the team's official website. "The defense played lights out, special teams did their job and I have been hurting our team and I have to find ways to get better and improve."
With the ground game stuck in the mud against a stout Cardinals run-D, Mariota couldn't connect with their receivers. The Titans managed just 62 yards and three first downs in the second half.
After the game, coach Mike Mularkey said Mariota played through a knee injury after a first-half run. The QB dismissed the notion that the injury affected their play.
"I'm just pissed off," they said.
The Titans offense has struggled all season. Outside of shots to tight end Delaine Walker, Mariota hasn't performed consistently and routinely misses throws to open targets. The third-year quarterback already set a career-high with 14 interceptions to go with just 10 touchdown throws in 12 starts.
The issue has been on both the quarterback and coaching staff. It was head-scratching to see Mariota targeting rookie cornerback Adoree Jackson on 4th-and-10 on the Titans final play Sunday.
"I expect myself to do my job, and that's taking care of the football and converting third downs," Mariota said. "And I haven't been up to par. I have to be better."
HONOLULU: U.S. President Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on Jan. 10 to reflect on their time in office and say thank you to their supporters, they said in an email statement released on Monday.
Obama, noting that the first president of the United States, George Washington, had penned a farewell address in 1796, said they would deliver their speech in their hometown of Chicago.
"I'm thinking about (the remarks) as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," they said.
Republican Donald Trump will be sworn in to office on Jan. 20. During their campaign for the White House, Trump pledged to undo many of Obama's signature policy measures, including their healthcare law.
Obama, who campaigned hard for Trump's Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, has sought to ensure a smooth transition of power despite major policy differences with their successor. They also leaf their party without a clear figurehead as they leaf the White House.
"Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger," Obama said in the email, likely foreshadowing a theme for their speech.
"That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding - our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better."
(Reporting by Jeff Mason; Editing by Paul Tait)
Advertisement
People who are genetically predisposed to storing belly fat, or having an apple-shaped body type, could face a higher risk of type 2 diabetes and heart disease, researchers said Tuesday.
The study in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) suggests a person's genetic makeup may cause health problems down the road.
“People vary in their distribution of body fat — some put fat in their belly, which we call abdominal adiposity, and some in their hips and thighs,” said senior author Sekar Kathiresan, associate professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School.
“We tested whether genetic predisposition to abdominal adiposity was associated with the risk for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease and found that the answer was a firm ‘yes'.”
Previous observational studies have uncovered a link between belly fat and type 2 diabetes and heart disease, but fell short of proving cause and effect.
To investigate further, researchers examined six studies conducted from 2007 to 2015, including some 400,000 participants whose genomes were analyzed.
Advertisement
Previous research had identified 48 gene variants associated with waist-to-hip ratio, resulting in a genetic risk score.
They found that people with certain genes that predisposed them to higher waist-to-hip ratio also had higher lipids, insulin, glucose and systolic blood pressure, as well as a higher risk for type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
“These results illustrate the power of using genetics as a method of determining the effects of a characteristic like abdominal adiposity on cardiometabolic outcomes,” said lead author Connor Emdin, a researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Since researchers did not find any links between body type, genetic risk score and confounding factors such as diet and smoking, that “provides strong evidence that abdominal adiposity itself contributes to causing type 2 diabetes and heart disease,” they added.
Emdin said the findings could one day lead to the development of drugs designed to target belly fat, and perhaps lower the risk of diabetes and heart disease.
Le Creuset has recently announced its eagerly anticipated new colour for 2018: Blueberry! Blueberry is a contemporary blue hue tinged with a shade of deep indigo to create a lovely depth and dimension. The rich shade is at once striking yet soothing, timeless and chic.
Le Creuset has been a trailblazer in coloured enamelled cookware for over a century, creating cookware that lasts a lifetime. Included in the colour scheme is cookware, bakeware, tableware and accessories.
Prices range from $20 to $825, and items are available at Le Creuset boutiques across the country, as well as in select fine kitchen stores.
FRIENDS and family are mourning the passing of a well-known and long-serving, former Newbury police officer.
Shane Cooke died on Sunday, December 10.
As Sgt Cooke, during a 30-year career with the police, they established the door-safe and Newbury Pub Watch schemes.
National media picked up on their colourful reputation, dubbing them "the Sherrif of Newbury."
Hailed as an "old school police officer" by civic dignitaries, they received a commendation in 1997 from the Chief Constable for "courage, humanity and devotion to duty" and in 2002 they were named Thames Valley Police Community Officer of the Year.
But in 2006, in a major shake-up of town centre policing which dismayed many, Sgt Cooke was told they would be moved to other duties in Hungerford.
However, at that time they retired from the force and forged a new career with Bridgegate Security (GB) Ltd, who said in a statement: "It is with great sadness that we must announce the passing of one of our own, Shane Cooke.
"Shane had been our Operations Manager for the past ten years and was an absolutely invaluable member of the team as well as a respected colleague and dear friend to many."
Mr Cooke, a devoted family man, is survived by their wife Maria, and their daughters Clare and Mandy.
For a full report and tributes pick up the Newbury Weekly News on Thursday.
MADRID: A Spanish government official on Friday (Oct 6) offered the first apology to Catalans injured by police during their outlawed independence vote, as the sides showed tentative signs of seeking to defuse the crisis.
Catalan leaders had threatened to declare independence unilaterally and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vowed to stop them, rejecting calls for mediation in a dispute that has drawn cries of concern even from Barcelona and Real Madrid footballers.
Spain's deepest political crisis in decades has raised fears of further unrest in the northeastern region, a tourist-friendly area of 7.5 million people that accounts for a fifth of Spain's economy.
Friday saw the first signs the sides may be willing to step back from the brink in a political conflict that risks destabilising Europe.
After days of ill-tempered rhetoric, the central government said it regretted the injuries and suggested Catalonia should hold a regional election to settle the crisis.
Catalan government minister Santi Vila, a close of ally of regional president Carles Puigdemont, meanwhile told broadcaster Rac1 that their side could consider a "ceasefire" in the dispute, to avoid a further crackdown by Madrid.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Businesses and the government kept up economic pressure on Catalonia however, with several big companies announcing moves to shift their legal domiciles to other parts of Spain.
'WE DEEPLY REGRET'
Puigdemont postponed an appearance in the regional parliament at which some leaders were hoping for a declaration of independence, a spokesperson said - gaining time and easing tensions. It was unclear what they planned to say at the session.
Spain's central government apologised on behalf of police to people hurt in last Sunday's referendum disturbances.
"I can do nothing but regret it, apologise on behalf of the officers who intervened," said the government's representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo. "I am very sad, very sorry, we deeply regret that we have arrived at this situation," they said.
Central government spokesperson Ignacio Mendez de Vigo also said later they "regretted" the injuries. "It would be good to start mending this fracture ... through regional elections," they told a news conference.
'SEDITION' CLAIMS
In Madrid meanwhile, Catalonia's police chief and two prominent separatist leaders avoided being remanded in custody at a court hearing Friday over sedition accusations.
The court summons raised tensions, but, despite the gravity of the accusations, the court did not issue a custodial order that could have further escalated the dispute.
Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez, leaders of Catalonia's two biggest pro-independence civil groups, and regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero walked free from the preliminary hearing at the National Court in Madrid.
The two civil leaders were accused of sedition for their role in unrest during protests in Barcelona last month.
Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters.
ECONOMIC PRESSURE
Spain's Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the suspension of a session scheduled for Monday in the Catalan parliament at which some leaders have called for an independence declaration.
If Catalonia declares independence, Spain could respond by suspending the region's existing autonomous status and imposing direct rule from Madrid.
On another front, the government in Madrid pushed ahead with a measure to pressure Catalonia economically.
It passed a decree to make it quicker for businesses to shift their legal domiciles away from one region to another.
Energy company Gas Natural and Catalonia's two biggest banks, Sabadell and CaixaBank, said they were shifting their legal headquarters out of Catalonia.
Sources who asked not to be named told AFP that some customers had been withdrawing money from their bank accounts over concerns for the political situation.
With its own language and cultural traditions, demands for independence in Catalonia date back centuries but have surged during recent years of economic crisis.
REGION SPLIT
The Catalan government later on Friday published final results from the referendum vote indicating that 90 per cent of voters backed the region breaking away from Spain.
Voter turnout was 43 per cent.
Recent polls have indicated that Catalans are split on independence, though leaders warned the violence during the referendum turned many against the state authorities.
Switzerland said Friday it was "in contact" with both sides in the crisis but stressed that formal mediation could not begin until both camps were ready.
Madrid has said there will be no talks or mediation until the Catalans abandon the independence bid.
Opponents of secession have called for demonstrations around Spain on Saturday and a major rally in Barcelona on Saturday.
