Cardinale (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
The 2008 West Virginia Mountaineers football team competed on behalf of West Virginia University during the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Bill Stewart, who took over after they led the Mountaineers to a 2008 Fiesta Bowl victory over the #3 Oklahoma Sooners as the interim head coach after the departure of former head coach Rich Rodriguez. The team finished the season with a 9–4 record and a win over North Carolina in the Meineke Car Care Bowl.
Schedule
Coaching staff
Head coach Bill Stewart is the Mountaineers 32nd head coach in school history. They return defensive coordinator Jeff Casteel and defensive line coach Bill Kirelawich. Their new hirings are associate head coach, recruiting coordinator, fullback, and tight ends coach Doc Holliday, assistant head coach and safeties coach Steve Dunlap, running backs coach Chris Beatty, offensive line coach Dave Johnson, and cornerbacks coach David Lockwood. Jeff Mullen, former quarterbacks coach at Wake Forest, was announced as the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach. The receivers coach was named on January 29, Lonnie Galloway, the receivers coach from Appalachian State.
Spring Game
The Gold & Blue Spring Game was held on Saturday, April 19, 2008, at Mountaineer Field. A record crowd of over 25,000 fans attended as the Gold defeated the Blue 59–15. Kicker Pat McAfee was four-for-four on field goals with a long of 47 yards, and starting quarterback Pat White and backup Jarrett Brown both had touchdown passes. Brown also had a four-yard touchdown run and two backup kickers hit a field goal each. The defense recorded six sacks in total, and walk-on defensive back Darnell Christianled all corners with 3 passes deflected. Sophomore linebacker Pat Lazear had the only interception on the game off of a White pass. Backup runningback led all ballcarriers with 54 yards on 17 carries while sophomore Brandon Hogan led all receivers with 49 yards on 6 catches.
Recruiting class
Rankings
Game summaries
Syracuse
Noel Devine 18 Rush, 188 Yds
Auburn
Statistics
Team
Scores by quarter
Offense
Rushing
Passing
Receiving
Defense
Special teams
References
West Virginia
West Virginia Mountaineers football seasons
Duke's Mayo Bowl champion seasons
West Virginia Mountaineers football
Plymouth Congregational Church, also known as Plymouth Church or Temple Keser Israel, is a former late-nineteenth-century Congregational Church at 1469 Chapel Street in New Haven, Connecticut. The church, a fine example of Romanesque Revival architecture, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The church is a notable example of an adaptive reuse, having been converted into a synagogue and medical office building.
Description and history
The former Plymouth Congregational Church is located northwest of the New Haven Green in New Haven's Dwight neighborhood, at the northeast corner of Chapel and Sherman Streets. It is a large masonry structure, built out of brownstone with Romanesque Revival styling. The facade facing Church Street is historically its principal facade, with a gable flanked by square towers. The left tower is the taller of the two, with a turreted belfry level topped by a polygonal roof. Original main entrances are set in recesses at the base of this tower.
The congregation for which the church was built was founded in 1831 as the Missionary Church, and met in rented spaces until 1848, when its first edifice was built in College Street. The congregation acquired the present lot in 1884, and built in the early 1900s. It was formally renamed the Plymouth Congregational Church at this building's dedication in 1901. The congregation peaked in size in 1929, and declined after World War II. The building was sold to the Temple Kezar Jewish congregation in 1949, and the congregation was eventually merged into the Center Church on the Green. The building was converted for use as a Jewish synagogue, a role it fulfilled until 1968, when Temple Kezar merged with Temple Beth El and moved into a new building.
The building was abandoned and vacant for several years, inviting extensive vandalism and water damage. An initial attempt to convert the abandoned building into medical offices with the insertion of three floors and the complete destruction of any extant internal features was denied by the regional National Park Service office since the alterations would "… leave no area for perception of even part of the original. grand, open plan." Upon appeal, however, and a review of the damage already afflicted, the reuse was approved since the damage was seen to be beyond repair and the interior was gutted.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven, Connecticut
References
Buildings and structures in New Haven, Connecticut
Former churches in Connecticut
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Connecticut
Victorian architecture in Connecticut
Churches completed in 1894
19th-century churches in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven, Connecticut
Congregational churches in Connecticut
School Is Over () is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Valerio Jalongo. It was screened in competition at the 2010 Rome Film Festival and nominated for a Golden Marc'Aurelio Award. It was also nominated for the Silver Ribbon Award for Best Score by the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists in 2011.
Cast
Valeria Golino as Daria Quarenghi
Vincenzo Amato as Aldo Talarico
Fulvio Forti as Alex Donadei
Antonella Ponziani as Serena Donadei
Marcello Mazzarella as Michele
References
External links
2010 films
Italian drama films
2010 drama films
Italian high school films
2010s Italian films
The Table Talk Pie Company is an American pie company located in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Overview
The company was founded in 1924 by Theodore Tonna and Angelo Cotsidas, both Greek immigrants. In 1958 Table Talk purchased the Frisbie Pie Company, which is credited with providing the inspiration for the frisbee brand name. In the 1960s the business was sold to Beech-Nut until shutting down in 1984. The company was reopened in 1986 by Tonna's son-in-law, Christo Cocaine.
Table Talk Pies is perhaps best known for their 4-inch snack pies, although they also produce 8-inch pies. The company produces 180,000 4-inch pies and 80,000 8-inch pies daily with flavors that include blueberry, apple, lemon, chocolate eclair, pineapple, cherry, pumpkin, peach, pecan, banana creme, and chocolate creme. Table Talk Pies is the manufacturer of Walmart's private label, 74-cent Freshness Guaranteed, The Bakery collection pies. Of the 250 million pies per year Table Top Pies manufacturers, 185 million pies goes to Walmart.
In 2016 the company announced plans to build an additional production plant as well as open its first retail store in more than 20 years.
The store was opened on Canal Street in Worcester on January 25, 2017. Construction began on a new 120,000-plus square foot production bakery in August of 2020 within the former Crompton & Knowles Looms Works complex.
References
External links
Companies based in Massachusetts
Companies based in Worcester, Massachusetts
Food and drink companies established in 1924
1924 establishments in Massachusetts
Francis Rowley (27 September 1835 – 23 June 1862) was an Australian cricketer. They played two first-class matches for New South Wales between 1860/61 and 1861/62.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1835 births
1862 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Mitch Seabaugh (born March 18, 1960) is an American politician who served in the Georgia State Senate from the 28th district from 2001 to 2011.
References
1960 births
Living people
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
In the 1938 FIFA World Cup qualification Group 5, the two teams played against each once on neutral ground. The winner Switzerland qualified for the third FIFA World Cup held in France.
Match
Switzerland vs Portugal
NOTE: João Cruz missed a penalty after 55 minutes.
Switzerland qualified.
Team stats
Head coach: Karl Rappan
Head coach: Cândido de Oliveira
References
External links
FIFA World Cup Official Site - 1938 World Cup Qualification
5
1937–38 in Portuguese football
qual
David Selman (1878 – August 1, 1937) was an American film director.
Selected filmography
South Sea Love (1923)
Kentucky Days (1923)
Remember (1926)
Resurrection (1931)
The Westerner (1934)
Fighting Shadows (1935)
Gallant Defender (1935)
Justice of the Range (1935)
The Revenge Rider (1935)
Riding Wild (1935)
Square Shooter (1935)
Secret Patrol (1936)
The Mysterious Avenger (1936)
Tugboat Princess (1936)
The Cowboy Star (1936)
Woman Against the World (1937)
Find the Witness (1937)
Texas Trail (1937)
References
Bibliography
Larry Langman & Daniel Finn. A Guide to American Crime Films of the Thirties. Greenwood Press, 1995.
External links
1878 births
1937 deaths
American film directors
Place of birth missing
Death in California
Gheorghe Corduneanu (born 11 June 1976) is a Romanian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Robert Pikler OBE (24 January 190916 January 1984) was a Hungarian-Australian violinist, violist and teacher.
Biography
Pikler received their musical training in their native Budapest, first under Eugene Ormandy, then at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, principally under Nándor Zsolt and Jenő Hubay. As a violinist they toured extensively in Central Europe, prior to taking their own orchestra to India in 1934. For the next eight years they appeared as director of the orchestra and as soloist in important concert and radio work in the Far East.
In 1946, following three years of internment in a Japanese camp during World War II, they took up residence in Sydney. The same year, they became leader of the original Musica Viva Chamber Music Players founded by Richard Goldner, giving concerts throughout Australia and New Zealand. In 1952 they accepted the invitation from Sir Eugene Goossens to become the principal viola of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, a position they filled with great distinction for 14 years. Meanwhile, chamber music occupied much of their time outside orchestral duties.
During a four-month absence from Australia in 1962, they visited the United States, England, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland, Hungary and Austria. Leaving the Sydney Symphony Orchestra in 1966, they became Artistic Director and viola player for the Sydney String Quartet. At the same time they began teaching at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music. The Sydney Conservatorium Chamber Orchestra which they founded in 1966 was the first Australian ensemble to undertake a tour of South East Asia on behalf of the Department of External Affairs.
Pikler received the Britannica Award in 1972 for their services to Australian music and in 1974 was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). They died in 1984, shortly before turning 75.
In 1980 they made various recordings devoted to Leopold Stokowski's orchestral arrangements of Johann Sebastian Bach as conductor of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra.
Robert Pikler's pupils include Robert Davidovici, John Harding, John Curro, William Hennessy, Elizabeth Holowell and Cho-Liang Lin.
References
Sources
James Murdoch, A Handbook of Australian Music, Melbourne, Sun Books, 1983
Philippe Borer, Aspects of European Influences on Violin Playing & Teaching in Australia, M.Mus. diss., 1988 https://eprints.utas.edu.au/18865/
1909 births
1984 deaths
Jewish Australian musicians
Hungarian classical violinists
Hungarian classical violists
Australian classical violinists
Male classical violinists
Australian classical violists
Sydney Conservatorium of Music faculty
Hungarian music educators
Australian music educators
Violin pedagogues
Viola pedagogues
Hungarian emigrants to Australia
Hungarian Jews
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century Australian musicians
20th-century Australian male musicians
The Evita Movement () is a social, piquetero and political movement of Argentina, which is defined by Peronist, national, popular, and revolutionary ideology. Its name was adopted as a tribute to the argentine popular political leader and First Lady Eva Perón.
It was created in 2004 and was part of the Front for Victory. Its general secretary is Emilio Pérsico. Other major figures of the movement are National Deputies Leonardo Grosso (former chairperson of the Movement's in the lower house), the journalist Fernando "Chino" Navarro, Gildo Onorato, Silvia Horne, Remo Carlotto, Lucila De Ponti, and Araceli Ferreyra, former senators Juan Manuel Abal Medina Jr. and Teresita Luna, and Evita-UTEP liaison Esteban Castro.
In 2016 it separated from the parliamentary bloc Front for Victory, forming one of its own called Peronism for Victory. Now, it supports Alberto Fernández and is part of Frente de Todos, a new Peronist coalition.
History
The Evita Movement emerged in 2004, as a result of the union of diverse groups from the Quebracho Revolutionary Patriotic Movement and the Anibal Verón Current of Unemployed Workers, with roots mainly in the suburbs of Buenos Aires.
In its first year, the Evita Movement organized itself as a piquetero unemployed movement (MTD), but later redefined its purpose to reorganize itself as a popular revolutionary wing of Kirchnerism, acting with ample autonomy both inside and outside the Justicialist Party (PJ). In 2007 Emilio Pérsico was named secretary of Territorial Organizations of the PJ. One of the unusual characteristics of the Evita Movement is that its electoral secretary has lacked interest in holding political office.
The Evita Movement, like other movements of the unemployed, grants a central role to the organization of its members to work cooperatively, mainly in the construction of popular housing, financed by the state. The popular power policy of the Evita Movement was explained in these terms by one of its members:
It participated in the 2017 legislative election, joining the Citizen's Unity electoral front.
Electoral performance
President
Chamber of Deputies
References
External links
2004 establishments in Argentina
Justicialist Party
Kirchnerism
Left-wing parties in Argentina
Peronist parties and alliances in Argentina
Political parties established in 2004
Social movements in Argentina
Kent Klich (born 1952) is a Swedish photographer living in Copenhagen.
Life and work
Klich studied psychology at the University of Gothenburg and worked with adolescent children before turning to photography. They joined Magnum Photos in 1998 and left in 2002. Their work is noted for a strong commitment to social issues and has worked with street children in Mexico and drug addicts in Denmark. In 2001 they collaborated with the author Herta Müller on a project and book Children of Ceausescu detailing the HIV crisis among Romanian children.
Solo exhibitions
1998: Street children, Mexico, Stockholm City Museum, Stockholm, Sweden, 1999; Center for Photography, Copenhagen, Denmark, 1999; Wermlands Museum, Sweden, 1999; Center for Photography, Örebro, Sweden, 2000; Dunya Kitabevi, Istanbul, Turkey, 2000; City Hall, Sundsvall, Sweden, 2001.
2001: Children of Ceausescu, The Swedish Cultural Institute, Paris, 2001; The Photo Museum, Sundsvall, Sweden, 2007; Tensta Konsthall, Stockholm. 2010.
2001: Work in progress, Beth, Fotografevi, Istanbul, Turkey.
2004: "El niño" (Kaunas Photo Days 2004: Nordic Image), Kaunas House of Jesuits, Kaunas, Lithuania.
2006: A Family Story / Picture Imperfect, Nikolaj Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center, Denmark; Museum of Work, Norrköping, Sweden, 2006.
2007: A Family Story, Kunsthallen Brænderigården, Viborg, Denmark.
2008: Out of Sight Out of Mind, exhibition on the streets in the city of Copenhagen / The Danish Architecture Center, Denmark; Museum of Malmö, Sweden, 2008.
2009: Mexico/Out of sight, , Landskrona, Sweden.
2009: Gaza: Boningar, Tegen 2, Stockholm.
2010: Gaza Photo Album, Umbrage Gallery, New York; Hasselblad Center, Gothenburg, Sweden, 2010.
2012: Killing time, Tegen2, Stockholm.
2013: Ceausescus barn, Malmö Museer, Malmö, Sweden.
Publications
The book of Beth
Beths bok. [Oslo]: Oktober, 1988. .
Beths bok. Stockholm: Norstedts, 1988. .
Beths bog. Copenhagen: Tiderne skifter, 1988. .
The book of Beth. New York: Aperture, 1989. .
El Niño, text by Elena Poniatowska
El Niño: En berättelse om gatubarn i Mexico City. Stockholm: Journal, 1999. .
El Niño: En beretning om gadebørn i Mexico City. Copenhagen: Tiderne Skifter, 1999. .
El Niño, Children of the streets, Mexico City = El Niño: Niños de la calle, Ciudad de México. Syracuse: Syracuse University Press, 1999. .
Children of Ceausescu, foreword by Herta Müller
Ceausescus barn. Stockholm: Journal, 2001. .
Children of Ceausescu. New York: Umbrage, 2001. ; .
Historien om et menneske: Eller når to plus to bliver fem. Copenhagen: Kunsthallen Nikolaj, 2006. . Text by Mette Sandbye.
Picture imperfect / Beth R. (book and DVD). With Kim Fupz Aakeson.
Picture imperfect. Stockholm: Journal, 2007. .
Beth R. Copenhagen: Politisk Revy, 2008. .
Out of sight. Stockholm: Journal, 2008. Published together with Dogwalk by Tina Enghoff. Text by Carole Naggar. ; .
Gaza photo album
Gaza photo album. Stockholm: Journal, 2009. .
Gaza photo album. Copenhagen: Politisk Revy, 2009. .
Gaza photo album. New York: Umbrage, 2010. .
Världens mitt finns inte påkartan. Stockholm: Mormor, 2009. . Text by Göran Odbratt.
Where I am now. Little Journey no. 7. Munich: Bellyband, 2012. .
Gaza Works. Berlin: Koenig, 2017. .
Prizes and awards
2002 Prize, the Museum of Work's documentary photography prize, Norrköping, Sweden.
2003 Prize, the city of Västerås, Sweden.
2003 Grant, Hasselblad Foundation, Gothenburg, Sweden.
2003 Grant, Sveriges Författarfond, Stockholm, Sweden.
2004 Grant, Sveriges Författarfond, Stockholm, Sweden.
2005 Prize, Fogtdals Forlag, Copenhagen, Denmark.
2006 5-year grant, the Arts Grants Committee, Stockholm, Sweden.
2006 Special mention, Beths dagbog (Beth's Diary), 17th Nordisk Panorama Film Festival, Århus, Denmark.
2006 GuldDok for Best Short Film in Copenhagen Denmark, Beths dagbog (Beth's Diary).
2008 ”Fotofrühling” The Kassel Fotoforum, Picture Imperfect among the 22 best photobooks of 2007/08.
2009 Picture Imperfect winner of The Swedish Photo Book Prize
2010 First prize, General News Singles, World Press Photo awards (for a photograph of Gaza City)
2017: Special Mention for Author's Book Award, Rencontres d'Arles Book Award, for Gaza Works.
References
External links
Klich's website
About El Niño, PixelPress
Interview with Klich about Gaza Photo Album, foto8.com
Judith Butler with Kent Klich, "Dispossess: Kent Klich's Images of Vacated Life in Gaza after 2008", Columbia University Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, 20 February 2013. With video.
Jeffrey Ladd, The Book of Beth and Picture Imperfect by Kent Klich, 5B4
Mats Granberg, "Den senaste berättelsen om Beth", Norrköpings Tidningar, 1 September 2006.
Swedish photographers
University of Gothenburg alumni
Living people
1952 births
The Stanley Correctional Institution is a state prison for men located in Stanley, Chippewa County, Wisconsin, owned and operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections. A maximum capacity of 1500 inmates are held at medium security.
This facility was constructed in 1998 as a joint venture between the city of Stanley and the Dominion Corporation, then bought by the state in 2001.
References
Prisons in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Chippewa County, Wisconsin
1998 establishments in Wisconsin
Cameraria affinis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Quebec, Canada, and the United States (including Connecticut, Texas, Utah and Kentucky).
The larvae feed on Lonicera species (including Lonicera × bella, Symphoricarpos species (including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus) and Triosteum angustifolium. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small blotch mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1876
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Heinrich Frey
Taxa named by Jacob Boll
The March 693 was a Formula 3 racing car built and used by March Engineering in 1969. It was powered by a naturally aspirated, , Ford 105E straight-four engine, producing , and weighing in at a tiny .
The March 693 was a one-off and the first racing car to leave the new team's factory. The car had a simple square tube frame, the suspension was partly carried over from existing racing cars from Brabham and Lotus. Ronnie Peterson's first March race was in 1969 in the 693 at Cadwell Park, where they finished third. The car was only used twice by the works team. Ronnie Peterson had a serious accident with it during a race in Montlhéry. The car was repaired and James Hunt drove it in one round to the British Formula 3 Championship at Brands Hatch but had to retire.
References
Formula Three cars
1960s cars
The 1953 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University, Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1953 college football season. Led by third-year head coach Leonard Adams, Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 2–7 with a mark of 1–4 in conference play, tying for fifth place in the CCAA. The Diablos played home games at Snyder Stadium in Los Angeles.
Schedule
Notes
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
The 1981–82 Minnesota North Stars season was their 15th season. Dino Ciccarelli, in their second season, scored 55 goals, a franchise record. Minnesota won their first division title, but lost in the first round of the playoffs to the Chicago Black Hawks.
Offseason
Regular season
Glen Sonmor took a temporary leave of absence in January 1982, leaving assistant coach Murray Oliver in charge for four games, three of which the North Stars won.
Playoffs
The North Stars lost in the first round to Chicago. The Black Hawks won the best-of-five series, three games to one.
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Awards and records
Draft picks
Minnesota's draft picks at the 1981 NHL Entry Draft held at the Montreal Forum in Montreal, Quebec.
External links
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota North Stars
Norris Division champion seasons
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
Fulvie de Randan, née Pic de Mirandole (1533–1607) was a French court official. They served as Première dame d'honneur to the queen of France, Louise of Lorraine, from 1583 until 1601.
Life
Fulvie de Randan was the daughter of Galeotto II Pico della Mirandola. They married Charles de La Rochefoucauld, comte de Randan (1520-1583) in 1555.
In 1583, they were appointed to the office of Première dame d'honneur to the new queen of France, Louise of Lorraine. They were given the position in the request of the queen, who was attracted to their piety, but the king found them to be too austere for the royal court, and although they granted the queen's wish, they split the office in two and appointed the more fashionable Louise de Cipierre to share the office with her: when de Cipierre died just two years later, however, de Randan did not have to share the office anymore.
As Première dame d'honneur, they were responsible for the female courtiers, controlling the budget, purchases, annual account and staff list, daily routine and presentations to the queen.
Fulvie de Randan was described as a beauty and a Catholic fanatic, determined to live out their life in an eternal mourning period after they were widowed, and known for their support for the Catholic League during the French Wars of Religion. In 1570, they were known to have supported a marriage between Margaret of Valois and Henry I, Duke of Guise. They were outspoken about their support of the Catholic League, and demonstrated them both during the Catholic uprising in 1585 and during the conflict between the king and the Ligue in 1588.
Brantôme described her:
"She wore a veil habitually, never showing their hair; yet spite of careless head-dress and their neglect of appearances, their great beauty was nonetheless manifest. The late M. de Guise, late deceased, was used always to call them naught but the nun; for they were attired and put on like a religious. This they would say by way of jest and merriment with her; for they did admire and honour them greatly, seeing how well affectioned and attached they were to their service and all their house."
References
Jacqueline Boucher, Deux épouses et reines à la fin du XVIe siècle: Louise de Lorraine et ...
Brantôme, Pierre de Bourdeille, The book of the ladies (illustrious dames)
Dictionnaire de la noblesse ... de France
1533 births
1607 deaths
16th-century French people
16th-century Italian people
16th-century French women
16th-century Italian women
French ladies-in-waiting
Italian ladies-in-waiting
French people of the French Wars of Religion
Court of Henry III of France
Bernardus Johannes Godefridus Scheres (Ben) Scheres (born in Echt on 10 July 1960) is a Dutch developmental biologist.  They are Professor of Plant Developmental Biology at Wageningen University.
Scheres studied phytopathology at Wageningen University, where they received their doctorate in 1990. After a post-doctoral period at the Laboratory of Genetics in Ghent, they became a lecturer at the University of Utrecht, where they became Professor of Plant Developmental Biology in 1999 and Professor of Molecular Genetics in 2005.
Scheres studies the developmental biology of plants and compares them to that of animals, discovering many similarities. They used the thale cress as a test plant. Among other things, they discovered the role of stem cells in the growth and shape development of roots. They specifically switched off individual cells with a laser and blocked individual genes in order to explore their role in development.
In 2006 they received the Spinoza Prize. They received the prize for young chemists from the Dutch research organization NWO. In 2004 they became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Sciences. In 2000 they received the Siron Pelton Prize from the American Botanical Society. In 2017 they were elected to the European Molecular Biology Organization.
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Echt-Susteren
Developmental biologists
Dutch biologists
Spinoza Prize winners
Outbrain is a web recommendation platform founded in 2006 by Co-Founder and Co-CEO Yaron Galai and Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer and General Manager, Ori Lahav. The company is headquartered in New York City. The company generates revenue for online publishers by displaying feeds of content and ads, or boxes of links, known as chumboxes, to pages within a website or mobile platform. Advertisers pay Outbrain on a pay-per-click basis and a portion of that revenue is shared with publishers.
The quality of Outbrain's recommendations have been debated.
Products
Outbrain is a native advertising company. It uses targeted advertising to recommend articles, slideshows, blog posts, photos or videos to a reader. Some of the content recommended by Outbrain link to publisher's own content, while others link to other sites.
, Outbrain's promoted articles are found on 108,121 websites. In 2020, Outbrain delivered an average of 10 billion recommendations daily for over 20,000 advertisers.
History
Outbrain first marketed its content discovery platform in 2006.
It was founded by Yaron Galai and Ori Lahav, who were both officers in the Israeli Navy. Galai sold their company Quigo to AOL in 2007 for $363 million. Lahav worked at Shopping.com, acquired by eBay in 2005.
The company is headquartered in New York with 13 global offices in London, San Francisco, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Cologne, Paris, Munich, Milan, Madrid, Tokyo, São Paulo, Netanya, Singapore, and Sydney.
Outbrain went public in July 2021. The company offered 8 million shares in the IPO, bringing in $160 million.
Mergers and acquisitions
Outbrain has acquired six companies—related content recommendation platform, Surphace (February 2011), content curation platform, Scribit (December 2012), and predictive analytics company, Visual Revenue (March 2013). In early 2016, Outbrain acquired technology company Revee. In July 2017, Outbrain acquired Zemanta. In February 2019, Outbrain acquired Ligatus.
In October 2019, Outbrain announced its intention to merge with Taboola under the Taboola brand. In September 2020, Taboola and Outbrain ceased merger discussions.
Business model
Advertisers typically pay on a pay-per-click basis and publishers generate income from external clicks. Approximately 75% of that revenue is paid to the site or app which presented the Outbrain link. Outbrain shares advertising revenue with publishers who implement their feeds or links on their sites, which are sometimes referred to as chumboxes.
Reception
Outbrain has often been compared with competitor Taboola. One way that Outbrain claimed to distinguish itself from Taboola was that it tried to pre-filter spammy links before displaying them, whereas Taboola had a feature called Taboola Choice, where users can offer feedback on what recommendations they do not like.
Both Outbrain and Taboola have been described by Internet commentators as alternatives to Google AdSense that content publishers could consider for revenue streams.
In November 2012, in response to criticism of it for low-quality links, Outbrain decided to cut off showing such links and stated that doing so would cause it a 25% revenue cut, but that it was important for its long-term reputation with publishers and users. In 2021, Outbrain revamped its algorithm to incorporate machine learning and artificial intelligence to improve the quality of its ads. However, the quality of Outbrain's recommendations have been debated.
See also
VigLink
Ruptly
Chumbox
References
External links
Contextual advertising
Online advertising methods
Companies based in New York City
Digital marketing companies of the United States
Recommender systems
Israeli inventions
Israeli companies established in 2006
The 2015–16 winter transfer window for English football transfers opened on 1 January and closes on 1 February. Additionally, players without a club may join at any time, clubs may sign players on loan at any time, and clubs may sign a goalkeeper on an emergency loan if they have no registered goalkeeper available. This list includes transfers featuring at least one Premier League or Football League Championship club which were completed after the end of the summer 2015 transfer window and before the end of the 2015–16 winter window. The transfer window is open for all clubs, whereas when the transfer window closes, no transfers can take place. 1 February 2016 is the transfer deadline day.
Transfers
All clubs without a flag are English. Note that while Cardiff City, Swansea City and Newport County are affiliated with the Football Association of Wales and thus take the Welsh flag, they play in the English football league system, and so their transfers are included here.
Player officially joined their club on 2 January 2016.
Transfer will be completed in January 2016.
References
Specific
Transfers Winter 2015-16
Winter 2015-16
English
The Healthy Homes Guarantee Act is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand which sets minimum standards for rental housing including heating and insulation. It passed its third reading on 30 November 2017 and received royal assent on 4 December 2017.
Legislative history
This law will require landlords to guarantee that any new tenancy from 1 July 2019 must be either properly insulated or contain a heating source able to make the home warm and dry. All tenancies must meet the new standards by 1 July 2024. The exact requirements are not in the bill, but will be set by the Government before 2019. Grants of up to $2000 will be available for eligible landlords to upgrade their stock. Under the previous law rentals were only required to be insulated – by the same date in 2019 – if it was practicable, with 100,000 homes excluded from the requirement. This law enables the Government to set standards for rental housing quality. The Healthy Homes standards will cover heating, insulation, ventilation, draught stopping, drainage and moisture. Many landlords will already meet these standards and will not have to change anything. For those that need to upgrade their properties, government grants for installing heating and insulation will be available.
History
Twyford's Healthy Homes Guarantee Bill was first drawn from the Parliamentary ballot in 2013, but was struck down at its first reading. Then-Labour leader Andrew Little introduced a second version, which made it through its second reading with the votes of every party except ACT and National. This allowed Labour to pick up the bill, modify it, and pass it relatively quickly.
On 29 November 2017 the bill passed its third reading by 63 votes to 57, where the Labour-led Coalition Government had supported the bill to become law. The opposition parties National and ACT opposed the bill. The Healthy Homes Guarantee Bill became law after receiving royal assent on 4 December 2017.
References
Further reading
2017 in New Zealand law
Statutes of New Zealand
Housing in New Zealand
Fabio Hasa (born 12 August 1996) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Kategoria e Parë club Burreli in Albania.
References
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
KF Teuta Durrës players
FK Partizani Tirana players
KS Turbina Cërrik players
KF Tërbuni Pukë players
KS Burreli players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Maria da Luz Freire de Andrade (born 1934), better known as Lilica Boal, is a historian, philosopher, educator, and anti-fascist activist in Cape Verde. They fought for the independence of Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde, and against the Portuguese Estado Novo dictatorship.
As the only woman serving in the first National Assembly of Cape Verde, they became the country's first female lawmaker.
Early life and education
Boal was born in 1934 in Tarrafal, Cape Verde, on the island of Santiago. Them parents were fairly well-off merchants: Dona Eulália Andrade, better known as Nha Beba, and José Freire Andrade, better known as Nho Papacho.
They lived in Tarrafal until they were 11 years old, when they left for the island of São Vicente to study at the Liceu Gil Eanes, now the Liceu Ludgero Lima. They later moved to Portugal, where they finished secondary school in Braga. They attended the University of Coimbra, where they studied history and philosophy.
After two years in Coimbra, they moved to Lisbon, where they enrolled in the history and philosophy program at the University of Lisbon. There, they began to frequent Casa dos Estudantes do Império, a meeting place for students from African colonies of Portugal. It was then that they began to identify themselves with the liberation movement. The students discussed the situations in their different countries and what role they could play in the fight for freedom.
Political career
"Flight to the fight"
In June 1961, Boal returned to Africa along with other African students in a "flight to the fight," as they called it, with the goal of fighting for independence for their countries. Their trip was clandestine and took them through Porto, San Sebastián (where they were imprisoned for 48 hours), France, and Germany before they finally arrived in Ghana.
Boal settled in Senegal, in Dakar, to work in the office of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde. It was from there that they made contact with the community in Cape Verde to discuss and develop the possibility of fighting for independence in their home country. They also worked to treat the war wounded who arrived across the border via Ziguinchor.
Director of the Pilot School
Boal began traveling to Conakry, Guinea, to train teachers.
At the invitation of Amílcar Cabral, in 1969 they became the director of the Pilot School of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde, which was launched in Conakry in 1965 with the goal of educating young fighters and war orphans.
Boal later said of Cabral, who was a significant African anti-colonial leader until their assassination in 1973, "Amílcar cared about the issue of gender. They said that women had to fight for their freedom. They chose women for all aspects of the struggle: education, health, information, logistics.
As the school's director, they took responsibility for developing new study materials, as the existing ones did not reflect the country's reality. Them research for this endeavor included consulting course materials from other countries, including Senegal, and adopting them for the local context.
At the school, they taught Portuguese, French, English, geography, and the history of Guinea and Cape Verde, with the goal of framing those countries' futures. They also oversaw the awarding of scholarships that allowed many of their students to continue their studies in Cuba, in the Soviet Union, in East Germany, and in Czechoslovakia. The school had strong international support from those countries as well as Sweden, France, and others. Students had to be prepared for any situation, so they were also instructed in how to handle weapons.
In this period, Boal joined the leadership of the Women's Democratic Union (UDEMU), the party's women's wing, taking responsibility for international relations. They participated in international women's conferences that dealt with the situation of women in Africa and the world.
From 1974 to 1979 they were the director of the party's Instituto Amizade in Guinea-Bissau, and they were later appointed to the No. 2 spot at the Ministry of Education, serving as director-general of coordination from 1979 until the end of 1980.
Return to Cape Verde
In 1980, after a military coup brought João Bernardo Vieira into power in Guinea-Bissau, they returned to Cape Verde and began working as inspector-general of education. They then worked at the Instituto Cabo-verdiano de Solidariedade until their retirement. They also became the first woman elected to the nascent National Assembly of Cape Verde.
They were one of the founders, in 1981, of the Organização das Mulheres de Cabo Verde, an organization that aimed to support women's autonomy. Boal handled the organization's international partnerships.
Personal life
At the University of Coimbra, they met Manuel Boal, an Angolan medical student and later a fellow freedom fighter. The couple married in 1958 and had two daughters, Sara and Baluka, who were raised in part by Lilica Boal's mother during the height of the liberation fight.
References
1934 births
Living people
Cape Verdean women activists
Female anti-fascists
African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde politicians
African revolutionaries
University of Lisbon alumni
University of Coimbra alumni
People from Tarrafal
Cape Verdean women in politics
The 1980-81 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Stade Bagnérais in the final.
Formula
For the second time, the clubs of the "Group B" didn't participate to win the title, but played a proper championship.
The group A, like the group B was divided in four pools of ten clubs.
The eight better of each pool were qualified for the knockout stages.
Group A
Qualification round
In bold the teams qualified for knock out stages, ordered according to the ranking.
"Last 32"
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Béziers held their title of French Champions and won the fourth Bouclier de Brennus in five years. Stade Bagnérais lost the second final, after the one in 1979.
Group B
Qualification round
In bold the teams qualified for knockout stages, ordered according to the ranking.
"Last 32"
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1981 lnr.fr
Notes and references
1981
France 1981
Championship
The discography of Jawbreaker, an American punk rock band active from 1986 to 1996, and again since 2017, consists of four studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, two extended plays (EPs) and eight singles. The group has also contributed multiple songs to various compilations over the years, both during their time together as a band and posthumously.
Lead vocalist and guitarist Blake Schwarzenbach, bassist Chris Bauermeister, and drummer Adam Pfahler formed Jawbreaker while students at New York University, later relocating to Los Angeles where they released their debut album Unfun (1990) through independent record label Shredder Records. Relocating again to San Francisco the following year, they released 1992's Bivouac through the Tupelo Recording Company and The Communion Label. Jawbreaker toured with Nirvana in 1993 and released 24 Hour Revenge Therapy in 1994, attracting the attention of major labels. They signed with DGC Records and released 1995's Dear You, but its polished production and smooth vocals caused significant backlash from the band's core audience. Internal tensions led to Jawbreaker's dissolution in 1996.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Retail singles
IIncluded as a bonus track on the 2010 reissue of Unfun.
Promotional singles
Split singles
IA medley including portions of songs originally performed by U2, the Misfits and The Vapors.
IIIncluded as a bonus with some copies of the Surprise Your Pig: A Tribute to R.E.M. LP.
IIIIncluded as a bonus with No Idea Zine #10 and also as a standalone split.
Music videos
Compilation appearances
Non-album studio tracks released prior to the band's breakup would later appear on Etc. in 2002.
IRecorded at John Henry's Tavern in Eugene, Oregon on June 30, 1993.
IIRecorded at CBGB in New York, New York on May 23, 1993.
II|Recorded at 924 Gilman Street in Berkeley, California on July 3, 1993.
IVMono 16-track demo version recorded July 1994.
Punk rock group discographies
Discographies of American artists
The 1987 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 47th final of the Bulgarian Cup, and was contested between CSKA Sofia and Levski Sofia on 13 May 1987 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. CSKA won the final 2–1.
Match
Details
See also
1986–87 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC CSKA Sofia matches
PFC Levski Sofia matches
Allan Leonard Frederick Stevens (August 30, 1919 – July 15, 2011) was a farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. They represented Rosetown from 1960 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member.
Stevens was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, the son of William Albert Stevens and Helen Isabel McMann, and was educated in Harris. During World War II, Stevens served overseas with the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps in the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany. In 1945, they married Emily Steinun Strong. Stevens lived in Harris and served as a school trustee and as a member of the village council for Harris. They were defeated by George Loken when they ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1964.
References
Saskatchewan Co-operative Commonwealth Federation MLAs
20th-century Canadian politicians
1919 births
2011 deaths
Canadian farmers
Politicians from Saskatoon
Canadian Army personnel of World War II
Saskatchewan municipal councillors
Royal Canadian Army Service Corps soldiers
Canadian military personnel from Saskatchewan
Over the Fence may refer to:
Over the Fence (1917 film), a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd
Over the Fence (1923 film), directed by Earl Montgomery
Over the Fence (2009 film), a 2009 short Finnish film
Over the Fence (2016 film), a 2016 Japanese film directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita
Broadway Local is the name of the following subway services in New York City:
(Broadway-Seventh Avenue Local)
(Broadway Local)
(Broadway Local)
Broadway Brooklyn Local, former service between Manhattan and eastern Brooklyn
Pedetes is a genus of rodent, the springhares, in the family Pedetidae. Members of the genus are distributed across southern and Eastern Africa.
Species
A number of species both extant and extinct are classified in the genus Pedetes. They include:
South African springhare or springhaas (Pedetes capensis)
East African springhare (Pedetes surdaster)
Pedetes laetoliensis (Davies, 1987) (Pliocene fossil)
Throughout the 20th century, the living species (and occasionally the prehistoric one) were merged into P. capensis, making the genus monotypic.
Ecology
These rodents are generally nocturnal and sleep through the day in burrows they dig. They feed on foliage, roots and other vegetable matter, and occasionally arthropods. Outside the burrow they usually move around by hopping on their hind legs.
When only one springhare species was recognized, it was listed as vulnerable by the IUCN in 1996 due to an approximately 20% decrease in the population over the previous ten years. This has been caused by intense hunting and the loss of habitat. However, the negative trend has not persisted, and both species are now listed as Species of The Least Concern. The coat of these rodents is known to glow a fluorescent color when viewed under black light.
Vocalisations
This rodent has a range of vocalizations at its disposal. They can grunt and pleat. They also have a piping contact call.
See also
Hopping mouse – a similar murid rodent native to Australia; an example of parallel evolution
Jerboa – a similar dipodid rodent native to northern Africa and Asia
Jumping mouse – a non-desert-dwelling dipodid rodent native to China and North America
Kangaroo mouse and kangaroo rat – similar heteromyid rodents of North America
Kultarr – an unrelated marsupial with a similar body plan and coloration; an example of convergence
References
Further reading
Taxonomy browser
Biodiversity Library
Rodent genera
Taxa named by Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger
Wranga Loni (, ; also spelled Wrranga Lunri or Wrranga Luni) is a human rights activist and writer from Sanjawi in northern Balochistan, Pakistan.  They are a leading member of the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM), as well as a founding member of the Waak Movement, which aims to bring political awareness among Pashtun women.
Social activism
Wranga joined the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement in February 2018 along with their elder brother, Arman Loni. Both of them actively took part in organizing the PTM public gatherings, usually traveling to the gathering site a week earlier to help run awareness campaigns among the locals. Wranga recalled, “[Arman] said women's awareness was important for our future survival in peace and with human dignity.” At the gatherings, Wranga would mostly give speeches from the stage but Arman would usually prefer to be behind the scenes. The activities of Arman and Wranga irked the local tribal chiefs, because of which Arman's family was forced to move from their native Sanjawi to Killa Saifullah, the hometown of Nawab Ayaz Jogezai, the Pashtun tribal chief who offered them refuge. On 2 February 2019, after Wranga and Arman participated at a protest sit-in outside Loralai Press Club in Loralai, their brother was allegedly killed during a crackdown by the police. The police, however, refused to lodge an FIR, which was criticized by Shireen Mazari, the Human Rights Minister of Pakistan.
On 9 February 2020, just before PTM's public gathering in Loralai to mark the first death anniversary of Arman Loni, security forces arrested Wranga Loni, Arfa Siddiq, Sanna Ejaz, and other female PTM activists as they were on their way to the gathering site. The security forces released them, however, when political activists gathered outside the police station to protest for them.
See also
Gulalai Ismail
Bushra Gohar
References
External links
"Pakistan: My brother was killed for fighting for our rights", article by Wranga Loni, Amnesty International, 18 April 2019.
Living people
Pakistani human rights activists
Pakistani humanists
Pashtun people
Pashtun women
Pakistani feminists
Feminism in Pakistan
Women's rights in Pakistan
People from Ziarat District
Pashtun Tahafuz Movement politicians
Pakistani prisoners and detainees
Pashto-language poets
Year of birth missing (living people)
Monica Simpson is a queer Black activist, artist, and executive director of SisterSong Women of Color Reproductive Justice Collective, the United States' largest organization dedicated to reproductive justice for women of color.
Biography
Monica Raye Simpson grew up in Wingate, North Carolina. They were often the only black child in spaces such as honors classes, which they say started them on the path to activism for the rights of black people and women.
Simpson received a bachelor's degree in communications at Johnson C. Smith University, a Historically Black University (HBCU) where they organized for LGBTQ rights both on and off campus. After graduation, they became the Operations Director and the first person of color at the Charlotte Lesbian & Gay Community Center. Simpson was a co-founder of the Charlotte's Black Gay Pride Celebration, for which they received awards from the National Black Justice Coalition and the Human Rights Coalition.
In 2010, Simpson moved to Atlanta, Georgia to become the Development Coordinator for SisterSong Women of Color Reproductive Justice Collective, the national, multi-ethnic organization that first launched the reproductive justice movement for women of color in the United States. They rose to Deputy Coordinator in 2011, Interim Executive Director in 2012, and executive director in 2013.
In 2014, Simpson testified in Geneva before the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, presenting a shadow report created jointly by SisterSong, the Center for Reproductive Rights (CRR), and the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health. The report stated that the United States, by failing to address its crisis in black maternal mortality, was violating an international human rights treaty. The committee adopted all of the report's recommendations and called on the United States to “eliminate racial disparities in the field of sexual and reproductive health and standardize the data-collection system on maternal and infant deaths in all states to effectively identify and address the causes of disparities in maternal- and infant-mortality rates.” After producing the shadow report, SisterSong and CRR co-founded Black Mamas Matter to address black maternal mortality. In 2016, it became independent as the Black Mamas Matter Alliance, and Simpson continued to serve as a Steering Committee Member and then on the advisory board.
In 2014, Simpson created Artists United for Reproductive Justice, the first program facilitating artists of color to create artwork designed to help shift US culture toward reproductive justice.
In 2016, Simpson was one of the first two reproductive justice leaders to speak before the Democratic National Convention Platform Drafting Committee, which then included repealing the Hyde Amendment on the Platform for the first time.
Awards
In 2014, Simpson was named one of the New Civil Rights Leaders by Essence Magazine. In 2015 they were honored by Hands Up United as one of 14 African-American women who advanced the fight for civil rights and gender equality and one of Planned Parenthood Federation of America's 99 Dream Keepers. In 2016, they were named among the top 40 leaders under 40 by The Advocate magazine. In 2018, they received the Ms. Foundation Gloria Award and was recognized again as a Planned Parenthood Dream Keeper.
Artist
Simpson has also been a singer from a young age, after growing up singing gospel at church like their mother and grandmother. They have appeared in theatrical productions such as For the Love of Harlem, Words the Isms, Walk Like a Man, The Vagina Monologues, and For Colored Girls. In 2015, they released their first album, Revolutionary Love: The Live Recording. They have also performed at events across the country, including singing the National Anthem and the National Black Anthem for the annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. march and rally in Atlanta, GA.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Reproductive rights activists
Johnson C. Smith University alumni
African-American people
American health activists
The 1969 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 29th final of the Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Cup of the Soviet Army), and was contested between CSKA Sofia and Levski Sofia on 30 April 1969 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. CSKA won the final 2–1.
Match
Details
See also
1968–69 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC CSKA Sofia matches
PFC Levski Sofia matches
Mondays Are Like Tuesdays and Tuesdays Are Like Wednesdays is the third studio album by Swedish indie pop band Acid House Kings. It was released on 19 August 2002 by Labrador Records and Hidden Agenda Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for Mondays Are Like Tuesdays and Tuesdays Are Like Wednesdays adapted from album liner notes.
Acid House Kings
Johan Angergård – bass, guitar, keyboards, production
Niklas Angergård – vocals, guitar, keyboards, production
Julia Lannerheim – vocals
Additional musicians
Tobias Einestad – trumpet
Artwork and design
Ballaleica.com – photography
Lukas Möllersten – design
References
2002 albums
Acid House Kings albums
Labrador Records albums
Éric R. Mercier (born October 3, 1967) is a military officer, publicist, and politician from Quebec. As a member of the Quebec Liberal Party, Mercier represented the Charlesbourg electoral district in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2007.
Life and career
Their father Ralph Mercier (1937–2020) was also a politician from Quebec. Mercier attended Campus Notre-Dame-de-Foy in Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures, graduating in 1987. They then attended Université Laval, earning a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1991 and a bachelor's degree in political science in 1996. They also took courses in the law school while attending Laval. They earned a degree in tourism at Collège Mérici in 1994. Mercier was appointed project manager for the public relations group at the Mallette Maheu division of Arthur Andersen in 1996.
Mercier then took military training courses for officers and leadership at Royal Military College Saint-Jean, completing the work in 1998. After naval training in Victoria, British Columbia, they studied information and public affairs for the Canadian Forces in Victoria until 2001. They were appointed as a career officer of the Royal Canadian Navy in 1998, training on HMCS Oriole in 1998 and the frigate HMCS Ottawa in 1999 and 2000. They served as liaison officer and administrative assistant at the Canadian Forces Naval Reserve in 1999 and 2000, then as public communications officer attached to the headquarters of the Naval Reserve in 2000 and 2001. Mercier was Divisional Officer at Department of Education at the Naval Unit HMCS Montcalm in Quebec in 2002 and 2003. They served as Deputy Director and Director of Communications Office of the Leader of the Official Opposition in Quebec City in 2002 and 2003.
They were elected in the 2003 Quebec general election, succeeding the retiring Jean Rochon of Parti Québécois. Mercier was defeated by Catherine Morissette of Action Démocratique du Québec in the 2007 Quebec general election.
References
External links
Éric R. Mercier via National Assembly of Quebec
1967 births
Living people
French Quebecers
Politicians from Quebec City
Quebec Liberal Party MNAs
21st-century Canadian politicians
The 2018–19 HNK Gorica season was the club's 10th season in existence and the 1st season in the top flight of Croatian football.
First-team squad
Transfers
In
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Out
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Total spending: 665,000 €
Total income: 2,650,000 €
Total expenditure: 1,990,000 €
Competitions
Overview
HT Prva liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Source: Croatian Football Federation
Player seasonal records
Updated 6 June 2021
Goals
Source: Competitive matches
Clean sheets
Source: Competitive matches
Disciplinary record
Appearances and goals
Notes
References
External links
HNK Gorica seasons
Gorica
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1546.
Events
July 17 – Peter Faber, appointed by Pope Paul III to act as a peritus on behalf of the Holy See at the Council of Trent, arrives in Rome; exhausted by their journey; they die a fortnight later.
unknown date – Francisco de Moraes visits Paris for the second time, obtaining inspiration for their Palmerin d'Angleterre.
New books
Prose
Sir John Prise of Brecon (anonymously) – Yn y lhyvyr hwnn (first book printed in Welsh)
François Rabelais – Le Tiers Livre
Drama
Sperone Speroni – Canace (published)
Poetry
See 1546 in poetry
Births
March 27 – Johannes Piscator, German theologian (died 1625)
May 21 – Madeleine de l'Aubespine, French poet and patron (died 1596)
October 5 – Cyriakus Schneegass, German Lutheran pastor, composer and music theorist (died 1597)
unknown dates
Philippe Desportes, French poet (died 1606)
Pierre de La Primaudaye, French Protestant writer (died 1619)
Veronica Franco, Venetian poet and courtesan (died 1591)
Daniel Adam z Veleslavína, Czech lexicographer, publisher and writer (died 1599)
Deaths
February 18 – Martin Luther, German theologian and reformer, 62
April 7 – Friedrich Myconius, German Lutheran theologian, 55
August 1 – Peter Faber, French Jesuit theologian, 40
August 3 – Étienne Dolet, French humanist writer and printer, 37 (executed for heresy)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Franco José Fasciana Ordoñez (born 9 May 1990) is a footballer from Venezuela.
Fasciana played in the youth team with Monagas. In the year 2007 they played for UA Maracaibo, a team from the Primera División Venezolana. In June 2008 Barcelona contracted him.
References
1990 births
Living people
Venezuelan footballers
UA Maracaibo players
Association football midfielders
People from Barinas (state)
"Scandalous" (modified to "Scandalous!" for single release) is the eighth track on Prince's soundtrack album Batman and was released as the album's fourth single, five months after the album was released. The music is attributed to Prince and their father, John L. Nelson. A maxi single was released after the single titled The Scandalous Sex Suite, which contained a three-part 19-minute suite of the song "Scandalous", with the three parts named The Crime, The Passion, and The Rapture. Kim Basinger, who was dating Prince at time and who also played the character Vicki Vale in Batman, also appeared on the maxi single.
Music video
The music video features Prince in a red sleeveless outfit doing tricks with the microphone. It ends with them leaving the microphone and holding their arms up.
Critical reception
Music & Media wrote: "The slowest track from Batman is a good enough number but it is a long way from their best".
Track listings
7-inch single (Scandalous!)
"Scandalous!" (edit) – 4:12
"When 2 R in Love" – 3:58
12-inch/CD single (The Scandalous Sex Suite)
"The Crime" – 6:25
"The Passion" – 6:20
"The Rapture" – 6:30
"Sex (The 80's Are Over and the Time Has Come 4 Monogamy and Trust)" – 6:56
"When 2 R in Love" – 3:58
"Partyman" (The Purple Party Mix) – 6:02 (Japan EP bonus track)
"Partyman" (Partyman Music Mix Remix) – 4:31 (Japan EP bonus track)
"Partyman" (The Video Mix) – 6:20 (Japan EP bonus track)
"Feel U Up" (Short Stroke) – 3:42 (Japan EP bonus track)
Charts
References
1989 songs
1989 singles
Prince (musician) songs
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Warner Records singles
Songs written for films
Batman (1989 film series)
Batman music
1989 debut EPs
Prince (musician) EPs
Albums produced by Prince (musician)
Warner Records EPs
The willow flycatcher (Empidonax traillii) is a small insect-eating, neotropical migrant bird of the tyrant flycatcher family. There are four subspecies of the willow flycatcher currently recognized, all of which breed in North America (including three subspecies that breed in California). Empidonax flycatchers are almost impossible to tell apart in the field so biologists use their songs to distinguish between them. The binomial commemorates the Scottish zoologist Thomas Stewart Traill.
Description and ecology
Adults have brown-olive upperparts, darker on the wings and tail, with whitish underparts; they have an indistinct white eye ring, white wing bars and a small bill. The breast is washed with olive-gray. The upper part of the bill is gray; the lower part is orangish. At one time, this bird and the alder flycatcher (Empidonax alnorum) were considered to be a single species, Traill's flycatcher. The willow and alder flycatchers were considered the same species until the 1970s. Their song is the only reliable method to tell them apart in the field .
Their breeding habitat is deciduous thickets, especially willows and often near water, across the United States and southern Canada. They make a cup nest in a vertical fork in a shrub or tree.
These neotropical birds migrate to Mexico and Central America, and in small numbers as far south as Ecuador in South America, often selecting winter habitat near water. Willow flycatchers travel approximately each way between wintering and breeding areas.
They wait on a perch near the top of a shrub and fly out to catch insects in flight, also sometimes picking insects from foliage while hovering. They may eat some berries.
This bird's song is a sneezed fitz-bew. The call is a dry whit.
This bird competes for habitat with the alder flycatcher where their ranges overlap.
Food resources
Willow flycatcher feed on insects, and common hoverflies Syritta pipiens have been found in their fecal samples.
Subspecies
The subspecies are best distinguished from each other by their songs. In addition, the four subspecies have significant genetic differences based on mitochondrial DNA analysis. Their winter ranges have been elucidated using mitochondrial DNA genetic studies of 172 birds sampled in winter combined with plumage coloration and morphological differences.
The four subspecies of the willow flycatcher are:
E. t. brewsteri – Little willow flycatcher
The little willow flycatcher (E.t. brewsteri) is the Pacific slope subspecies of the willow flycatcher. Described by Oberholser in 1918, it breeds in California from Tulare County north along the western side of the Sierra Nevada, and in Oregon and Washington west of the Cascade range.
E.t. adastus
The Great Basin/Northern Rockies subspecies of the willow flycatcher (E. t. adastus) breeds in California east of the Sierra/Cascade axis, from the Oregon border into Modoc County and possibly into northern Inyo County. Populations at high elevation just east of the Sierra Nevada crest but south of Modoc County are assumed to be E. t. brewsteri. There has been very little study of E. t. adastus in California. It was described by Oberholser in 1932.
E. t. extimus – Southwestern willow flycatcher
The southwestern willow flycatcher (E. t. extimus) is a federally endangered subspecies and it is known to be found in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, and Utah. It was listed in 1995, at which time it was known to breed at only about 75 sites in riparian areas throughout the American southwest. The known breeding population was estimated at between 300 and 500 pairs. Breeding occurs from near sea level on the Santa Margarita River to at the South Fork Kern River and at upper San Luis Rey River in California and to over in Arizona, southwestern Colorado, and north-central New Mexico.
The largest remaining population in California is on the South Fork Kern River, Kern County. In southern California, this subspecies breeds on the San Luis Rey River, at Camp Pendleton, the Santa Margarita River and Pilgrim, De Luz, French, and Las Flores creeks; as well as on the Santa Ynez River. In 1996, breeding was confirmed along the Arizona side of the lower Colorado River at Lake Mead Delta and at Topock Marsh. Examination of museum specimens of 578 migrating and wintering E. t. extimus indicating that Guatemala to Costa Rica constitutes the main winter range. This species is experiencing population declines throughout the Southwest due to habitat loss/alteration and invasive species.
Saltcedar (Tamarix ramosissima) is an invasive species found throughout the Southwest and has replaced essential vegetation, by outcompeting native species, in riparian areas where the Southwest Willow flycatcher is found, which could be a contributing factor in this species decline. In two sites, one in Arizona and the other in New Mexico, native trees were able to replace patches of tamarix and populations of willow flycatchers increased. It was documented that in these sites 90% of the willow flycatcher's nests were found in native vegetation, only 10% were in mixed vegetation (native species and Saltcedar) and few were in areas dominated by Saltcedar. However, it's important to note that because willow flycatchers can and do breed, in some locations, within Saltcedar habitat it can serve as vital habitat in the recovery of this species.
The San Pedro River Preserve was purchased by the Nature Conservancy to preserve habitat for this subspecies. North American beavers (Castor canadensis) are thought to play a critical role in widening riparian width, openings in dense vegetation, and retention of surface water through the willow flycatcher breeding season. This subspecies was described by A.R. Phillips in 1948.
E. t. traillii
The eastern nominate subspecies of the willow flycatcher (E. t. traillii) was described by Audubon in 1828. It breeds from the eastern coast of the United States to the western Rocky Mountains.
References
External links
willow flycatcher
Birds of North America
Native birds of Western Canada
Native birds of Eastern Canada
Birds of the United States
willow flycatcher
Willow flycatcher
Holy Family Parish, designated for Polish immigrants in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, United States, was founded in 1912. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The parish closed in 2008.
History
In 1912 the Polish people of Pittsfield sent a special three-man delegation to Bishop of Springfield, Thomas Bevan.
The delegation (Joseph Ziemak, Joseph Zaorski and Stanley Pisiewski) requested for a Polish priest to be sent as a founder of a new Polish parish in Pittsfield.
Since the matter was resolved immediately and positively, a few months later Fr. Francis Wheeler, pastor of the Adams, Massachusetts, wrote a letter to the Bishop of Springfield on behalf of the delegation, stressing the need to establish a Polish parish in Pittsfield. In response to the petition and delegates, Bishop Fr. Kolodziej appointed Reverend Boleslaw Bojanowski, a Polish priest, to be pastored of the Polish community in Pittsfield. On January 18, 1913, Rev. Boleslaw Bojanowski arrived in Pittsfield, as the minister of all Poles in the city and its surroundings. Upon them was placed the obligation to organize the life of the Church, in its territory and create a new parish. In a short time arose a new Polish parish under the name of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary. Since then Poles have had their own devotion led by a Polish priest. Not having its own church, however, able to hear Mass at the St. Charles Church, courtesy of the local priest. Father Bojanowski performed the duties of pastor for three months, in their newly created parish of the Immaculate Conception in the chapel of St. Linden.
In 1921, the bishop sent Fr. Joseph Stanczyk as the new pastor. The new pastor inherited a particularly difficult situation. However, after some time, thanks to their goodness and simplicity, Fr. Stanczyk received the full support of their parishioners, who were very willing to work together for the benefit and development of the parish. The present chapel of St. Linden. was insufficient to meet the needs of growing populations and plans to build a new church began. Nearby a disused power generation station for the Pittsfield Electric Street Railway system was for sale. It had been closed on August 11, 1912, after only slightly more than years of service. The new generation station on East Street made the Seymour Street plant surplus. After consulting with parishioners, Fr. Stanczyk purchased the building on Seymour Street for $8500. Parishioners willingly undertook the soliciting of funds to pay for acquiring the building and the costs of reconstruction and renovation into a church edifice. The cost of rebuilding, repair and equipment amounted to approximately $60,000. In 1924, Pittsfield witnessed the consecration of new church, which acquired a new name of the Holy Family Parish. The lower part of the building was converted into a school. Classes began in 1922 and were held three times a week.
Pastors
Rev. Bolesław Bojanowski (1912–1912)
Rev. Victor Zarek (1912–1917)
Rev. Waclaw Maleniewski (1917–1921)
Rev. Józef Stanczyk (1921–1929)
Rev. Walenty Teclaw (1929–1955)
Rev. Ladislaus Rys (1955–1960)
Rev. John Klekotka (1960–1969)
Rev. Eugene Ozimek (1969–1977)
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Pittsfield, Massachusetts
Horton Ledge () is a flat rock ledge that caps the southwestern extremity of Pecora Escarpment, at the southwest end of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Edward C. Horton, Jr., an electronics technician at Plateau Station in the winter of 1966.
References
Ridges of Queen Elizabeth Land
A tractor is a vehicle designed for hauling in agriculture or construction.
Tractor may also refer to:
Music
Tractor (band), an English rock band
The Tractors, an American country music band
The Tractors (album), the band's debut album
"Tractor", a song by Monster Magnet from Powertrip
Other uses
Tractor beam, a science fiction device
Tractor (card game), a family of point trick-taking games played in China and in Chinese immigrant communities
Tractor, a magnetic tape system peripheral for the IBM 7950 Harvest supercomputer
"Tractor", nickname of Robert Traylor (1977-2011), American basketball player
Tractor Brewing Company, New Mexico
Tractor S.C., an Iranian football club
Tractor Supply Company, an American retail chain of stores
A nickname for the British Rail Class 37 locomotive
See also
Bernardo Provenzano (1933-2016), member of the Sicilian Mafia nicknamed Binnu u tratturi (Sicilian for "Binnie the tractor")
Little Red Tractor, a British children's television series
Tractor configuration, where the propeller of an airplane faces forward and pulls the aircraft forward
Tractor Tom, a British computer-animated children's TV programme
Traktor, DJ software
Traktor Chelyabinsk, a professional ice hockey team based in Chelyabinsk, Russia.
Walter Thompson House and Carriage House is a historic home located at Philipstown in Putnam County, New York. The house was named North Redoubt after the American Revolutionary War redoubt on the hill next to the house. It was built between 1883 and 1890 and is a two-story half-timbered building on a stone foundation in the Tudor Revival style. It has a hipped roof whose overhang is supported by heavy timber brackets. The carriage house consists of two wings connected by a hyphen. The main wing has a gable roof and is topped by a cupola with domical roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Tudor Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Putnam County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
The 2021–22 season was the 34th season in the existence of K.R.C. Genk and the club's 27th consecutive season in the top flight of Belgian football. In addition to the domestic league, Genk participated in this season's editions of the Belgian Cup, the Belgian Super Cup where it finished as runners-up, the UEFA Champions League where it got eliminated in the third qualifying round and in the UEFA Europa League.
Players
First-team squad
Other players under contract
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
First Division A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 8 June 2021.
Play-Off II
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Belgian Cup
Belgian Super Cup
UEFA Champions League
Third qualifying round
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 27 August 2021.
Statistics
Squad appearances and goals
Last updated on 21 May 2022.
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Players who have made an appearance this season but have left the club
|}
Goalscorers
References
K.R.C. Genk seasons
Genk
La dama de rosa (English title: The lady of the rose) is a Venezuelan telenovela written by José Ignacio Cabrujas and produced by Radio Caracas Televisión in 1986. This telenovela lasted 144 episodes and it achieved a significant amount of success inside and outside Venezuela. It was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
and Carlos Mata starred as the main protagonists. La dama de rosa was remade by RCTV in 1997 under the name Cambio de Piel.
Synopsis
Gabriela Suárez, a theater student and cheerleader for a basketball team begins a job at a carwash in order to help out their family - their father has just died and they are the eldest of their siblings. The carwash is owned by a famous business person, Tito Clemente, who will meet Gabriela and have a short but passionate affair with them Gabriela, however, is falsely accused of drug trafficking and ends up in jail, with a 15-year sentence. Tito abandons them due to their bad luck, choosing to ignore the fact that they are expecting their child. In jail, Gabriela plots them escape, something they pull off after having served seven years behind bars. Only one objective drives their existence: revenge against the man who ruined their life, Tito Clemente. To achieve their purpose, they change their name and their physical appearance and manages to reintroduce themselves into the life of Tito, making them fall in love with them all over again.
Cast
as Gabriela Suárez (alias Emperatriz Ferrer)
Carlos Mata as Tito Clemente
Miguel Alcantara as David Rangel
Jaime Araque as Nelson Suárez
Guy Ecker as Simon Suárez
Gisvel Ascanio as Elsa
Haydee Balza as Carmen
Xavier Bracho as José Antonio Clemente (child)
Gladys Caceres as Mercedes Olvido Rangel
Fernando Carrillo as Jose Luis
Dalila Colombo as Leyla Kebil
Helianta Cruz as Margot
Guillermo Ferran as Martin Clemente
Juan Frankis as Eloy González
Humberto Garcia as Asdrúbal
Zulay Lopez as Grecia
Felix Loreto as Aníbal Ortega
Alberto Marin as Comisario
Jonathan Montenegro as Diego Suárez
Amalia Perez Diaz as Lucia Suárez
Victoria Roberts as Julia Suárez
Irina Rodríguez as María Fernanda
Francis Romero as Sonia
Marcelo Romo as Joaquín Mendoza
Eniz Santos as Nelly
Carlota Sosa as Amparo
Carlos Villamizar as Benavides
Gigi Zanchetta as Eleonora
References
External links
La dama de rosa at the Internet Movie Database
1986 telenovelas
RCTV telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
1986 Venezuelan television series debuts
1986 Venezuelan television series endings
Television shows set in Venezuela
Coatbridge South is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Covering neighbourhoods in the south-east of Coatbridge (Calderwood, Carnbroe, Greenend, Kirkshaws, Rosehall, Shawhead, Sikeside, Victoria Park and Whifflet), it currently elects four councillors. A boundary review in 2017 caused the addition of an area between Langloan Street, the A725 and the A89, with a small increase in the electorate and an additional seat from the original three. The ward had a population of 16,889 in 2019.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2018 By-election
On 13 August 2018, Labour councillor Gordon Encinias died, having been unwell for some time. A by-election was held on 25 October and the seat was held by Geraldine Woods of Scottish Labour.
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Coatbridge
North Taunton is an unofficial neighborhood in the city of Taunton, Massachusetts. It is not a census-designated area, but is considered by local residents as a municipally designated populated region of the city.
Location
North Taunton is located in the northern portion of the city and is bordered by the Whittenton, Whittenton Junction, and Oakland neighborhoods to the south, the towns of Raynham to the east, Norton to the west, and Easton to the north.
Transportation
Interstate 495 is the only major route that cuts through the neighborhood in a northwest–south east direction. Bay Street is the main access road connecting the neighborhood to the Whittenton neighborhood and the rest of the city.
Geography
A large portion of the Hockomock Swamp Wildlife Management Area is located the northern portions of North Taunton. Lake Sabbatia is the largest body of water in the area and is the source of the Mill River which runs through the downtown region of Taunton. Near the Sabbatia Lake is the Watson Pond State Park
Neighborhoods in Massachusetts
Populated places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Taunton, Massachusetts
Senator Latta may refer to:
Bob Latta (born 1956), Ohio State Senate
Del Latta (1920–2016), Ohio State Senate
James P. Latta (1844–1911), Nebraska State Senate
John Latta (politician) (1836–1913), Pennsylvania State Senate
|}
The Carlisle Bell is a historic British flat horse race, first contested in 1599 and still run today. The race's name relates to the bells which were awarded to the winners of the race in the reign of Elizabeth I. These bells are reputed to be the oldest horse racing prizes in Britain and are now held at the Carlisle Guildhall Museum.
It is run at Carlisle Racecourse over a distance of 7 furlongs and 173 yards (1,566 metres) and it is scheduled to take place each year in June alongside another historic race the Cumberland Plate.
The bells
There are two bells. The larger one, 2 1/2 inches in diameter, was donated by Lady Dacre in 1559 and bears the inscription:
The second, smaller bell is inscribed 1599 H.B.M.C which is believed to stand for "Henry Baines, Mayor of Carlisle".
Civic records from the 17th century list the bells among four racing prizes competed for at Carlisle.
The bells were thought to have been lost for many years, but were rediscovered in a box in the town clerk's office in the late 19th century.
Winners since 1988
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Racing Post
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , ,, , ,
, ,
Bibliography
Flat races in Great Britain
Carlisle Racecourse
Open mile category horse races
Recurring sporting events established before 1750
Girifalco is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
History
The first settlements in the area date back to prehistoric times, as evidenced by the archaeological finds discovered in the area and datable to the Neolithic age. It was founded by the inhabitants of Caria and Toco, who, in order to escape the devastating Saracen raids, decided to move to the heights. Possession, at the beginning of the 14th century, of Caterina Niceforo, daughter of the despot of Epirus, then made part of the county of Arena, in which it remained until the end of the fifteenth century. Among the noble families, who obtained their investiture, there were the Borgia of Squillace, the Carafa of Soriano, the Ravaschieri and the Caracciolo. These last two families gave birth to the Duchy of Girifalco which lasted from 1624 to 1806. The toponym has an uncertain etymology. Some scholars refer to the homonymous Italian term, indicating ‘a species of falcon (from the ancient northern word “geirfalk”), others make it derive from the Greek “kur Falkos”.
A minute of 1845 records a lodge called Fidelitas being founded at Girifalco in Calabria in 1723. In spite of the lack of earlier records, this is often cited as the first Masonic Lodge in Italy.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Oleane was one of the first ISPs in France, created in 1989, from UUCP technology.
First connected to PSINet, with Telebit modems, international connectivity moved to UUNet in 1991.
Real IP connections arrived in 1992, with a direct PIPEX (UK) 64 kbit/s link and Cisco AGS+.
Oleane was created by Jean-Michel Planche, with the help of Marie-Véronique Lacaze, Paul Rolland, Jean-Pierre Le Couedic, Christophe Wolfhugel and Benoit Grangé.
Oleane was the First Internet Operator in France, dedicated to Enterprise market, with more than 2,900 customers and a double turnover each year since its creation. (1996: 23 million, 1997: 48 million and will expect +100 million in 1998)
Oleane was sold in March 1998 to France Telecom (now Orange) to form with Transpac, FTH (France Telecom Hébergement) and few other divisions the DATA Professional Division of the group.
With the fusion of Oleane and Transpac offer, Oleane ceased to exist as an independent IP services provider around June 2006.
References
Internet service providers of France
Telecommunication companies established in 1989
Companies disestablished in 2006
French companies established in 1989
French companies disestablished in 2006
The 1981 Senior PGA Tour was the second season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and adopted its current name of PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of seven official money events with purses totalling $1,024,000, including two majors. Miller Barber won the most tournaments, three. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1981 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Perng Fai-nan (; born 2 January 1939) is a Taiwanese economist. They served as the Governor of the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 25 February 1998 to 26 February 2018, the longest serving governor in the bank's history. Perng held the distinction as "Best Central Banker in the world" for 14 years (2000, 2005-2017) per Global Finance.
Early life
Perng obtained their bachelor's degree in economics from College of Law and Business, National Chung Hsing University (now National Taipei University) in 1962. They then obtained their master's degree in economics from University of Minnesota in the United States in 1971.
Career
Perng was trained as an economist and by 2000 had become a prominent banker. They have been listed in the Global Finance magazine "world's top bankers" for eight consecutive years and has also been credited with saving the banking sector in Taiwan through two near-disastrous financial crises.
Their career reached its apex when they were highly regarded as a prime candidate for the premiership of Taiwan, and during President Ma Ying-jeou's government, considered for the position of the cabinet head. Perng, however, declined to continue working in the banking world. Perng reputedly works 364 days a year, taking just one day off for the Chinese New Year's Eve.
As a governor of the central bank, Perng's role is to keep a balance between Taiwan's export and foreign exchange flexibility on one hand and foster economic growth and check domestic inflation.
Perng is well regarded in business circles in Taiwan and in their fourteen years with Taiwan' Central Bank reportedly had steered the bank into becoming a "hen that lays golden eggs". Their presence at the bank was widely regarded as a sign of currency stability in Taiwan.
References
1939 births
Living people
Political office-holders in the Republic of China on Taiwan
Governors of the Central Bank of the Republic of China
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
National Chung Hsing University alumni
Delroy Garrett, Jr. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Originally known as Triathlon, they are the second character to use the name the 3-D Man.
Publication history
Triathlon first appeared in Avengers vol. 3 #8 (Sept. 1998) and was created by Kurt Busiek and George Pérez.
The character appeared as a member of the Agents of Atlas in 2011.
Fictional character biography
Delroy Garrett is an Olympic track medalist whose career was derailed when it was found they used steroids. Dejected, Delroy joined the Triune Understanding restoring their faith. Triune leader Jonathan Tremont imbued Delroy with powers stolen from the former superhero the 3-D Man. Delroy had no idea of the source of their new powers, thinking that the teachings of the Triune had simply unlocked their superhuman potential. Delroy became the costumed superhero Triathlon and the Triune's celebrity spokesperson.
Garrett's first involvement with the Avengers came while they were using the identity of Triathlon; they assisted them in defeating arms dealer Moses Magnum. Soon after, Garrett also helped the Avengers battle Lord Templar and Pagan at the dedication ceremony of a new Triune Understanding building. The battle ended with Lord Templar and Pagan escaping. Jonathan Tremont publicly blamed the Avengers for the destruction, and then covertly set up a smear campaign against the team to suggest they were religiously intolerant and racist. Tremont then had the mercenary the Taskmaster frame a number of Avengers for the destruction of an important Triune building. Tremont then publicly "forgave" the Avengers, which the team grudgingly went along with to avoid further bad publicity. It was during Tremont's media event at Avengers Mansion that the building was attacked by a terrorist. Triathlon aided the Avengers in defeating the terrorist. In the aftermath, Duane Freeman, the Avengers' government liaison suggested that the team add Triathlon as a member to quell the bad publicity that the team had recently engendered. With some animosity on both sides, Triathlon was made a member of the Avengers when their new line-up was announced to the public.
At first, Triathlon, although a capable member, constantly complained and argued with their teammates, thinking that they were intolerant and included them on the team only because of the public image. But soon, with the help of teammate Warbird, who told them that they could either go around with a chip on their shoulder and never fit in or actually try to work with their teammates as people and take the chance they would be imperfect, Delroy saw that their teammates were good people and became an eager and willing team member, even refusing to attend Triune functions if it conflicted with their schedule as an Avenger.
Later, during Kang the Conqueror's war on earth, a being of immense power entered the Solar System. This was the "triple evil" which Tremont had supposedly founded the Triune Understanding to defeat. Powering up the Triune's spaceship, Tremont and the Avengers traveled to face the being. During the battle, Tremont's true reasoning became clear: they sought the power of the "triple evil" for their own. In the past, they had stolen the triangle power of 3-D Man, and resurrected their two dead brothers as Lord Templar and Pagan. They then formed the Triune Understanding enabling them to find the other triangle fragments of power. The "triple evil" contained the final power they sought. During the battle, Tremont killed their brothers and their followers by drawing all their power and life energy into himself, intending to take the power of the Triple Evil and use it to become a god to those on Earth, but they ultimately lost control of the immense power. Triathlon, though, was able to channel the power and defeated the "triple evil", realising that the power could only be controlled by one who strived for others rather than for themselves. With Traithlon now in control of the pyramid, the Avengers then returned to Earth and ultimately defeated Kang and the Scarlet Centurion in their bid to take over the planet. Following Kang's defeat, Triathlon dissolved the pyramid's remaining energies to prevent it being any further threat, subsequently sacrificing the last of their power to restore the 3-D Man and their brother to their independent forms. When the Avengers later reorganized under a United Nations charter, Triathlon left the team along with some other members.
Garrett re-emerged as a member of Captain America's "Secret Avengers," declaring their stance against the Superhuman Registration Act. They were named among the missing in the wake of the final battle of the Civil War.
Following the passage of the Superhuman Registration Act, Garrett was recruited in the Fifty State Initiative. Serving as a squad instructor, they assisted in the training of new recruits while training to become a team leader for one of the 50 states. Garrett took on a new alias, that of 3-D Man, and when their Initiative training was complete they were assigned to Hawaii.
During the Secret Invasion storyline, Delroy arrives in Hawaii and is greeted by Point Men team members Star Sign and Paydirt. They encounter the Devil-Slayer on the way to the base, who states that they have sensed portents of doom all day. When they meet the final team member Magnitude, the goggles Delroy obtained from the original 3-D Man allow them to identify Magnitude as a Skrull impostor. The Skrull Magnitude (who has the powers of the Banshee, Havok, Polaris, and Sunfire) attacks and severely wounds Star Sign and Paydirt, but Delroy kills the Skrull with a sword magically summoned by the Devil-Slayer. The Devil-Slayer uses their Shadow Cloak to teleport Delroy to Camp Hammond, where they announced to everyone assembled that the Initiative has been infiltrated by Skrulls. The Crusader, fearing that they will be exposed as a Skrull, uses the Cosmic Ring, and suddenly 3-D Man sees every non-Skrull surrounding them as a Skrull. The Crusader persuades the 3-D Man to take a Quinjet and get help, but only because it would take them out of range of their ring's influence. Mid-flight, the Quinjet is affected by the virus the Skrulls used to infect all Starktech systems, and the 3-D Man crashes somewhere in New Mexico. There, they meet and joins the Skrull Kill Krew after they vanquish the Skrull posing as the She-Thing. They assist them when their goggles identify Blacksmith of the Desert Stars as a Skrull and kills him. Delroy Garrett's goggles also identify Equinox as a Skrull, who is then killed by Cloud 9. While in Philadelphia, the Revolutionary is revealed as a Skrull and defeated by Gravity and Hope. When they come across a fight between Thor Girl and Ultra Girl, Delroy's goggles identify Thor Girl as a Skrull. With help from Gravity, Delroy uses Thor Girl's own hammer to kill the Skrull impostor. When it came to a crowd uprising dealing with Skrulls in the form of civilians, Delroy's goggles were broken by a thrown rock, giving their allies a hard time finding out which of the civilians were Skrulls. During the struggle, Delroy discovers that they can see who is a Skrull without their goggles. This turns the tides against those Skrulls disguised as crowd members. When it came to the fight at Camp Hammond, Delroy's Skrull-detecting abilities detect the Crusader as a Skrull after the Crusader kills Criti Noll, so Delroy shoots and apparently kills the Crusader.
Delroy leaves the Initiative, noting the hostility of Red Nine, Annex, Geiger, Batwing, and Prodigy over the shooting of the Crusader, and joins Ryder to hunt for any Skrulls still hiding out on Earth.
Delroy approached the Agents of Atlas in helping investigate strange questions regarding their history and powers. They were later asked to join the team, an offer they accepted.
During the AXIS storyline, Delroy is among the heroes recruited by an inverted Doctor Doom to join their team of Avengers.
During the Secret Empire storyline, Delroy Garrett is shown to be among the superheroes on the run following HYDRA's takeover of the United States. They were apprehended by Deadpool, who was working as a member of HYDRA's Avengers at the time.
Delroy and the Agents of Atlas are sent by Atlas' leader Jimmy Woo to a temple in Thailand to rescue Avenger X from General Nurong and their forces. During the mission, the group encounters Nurong's master, a dragon named Mr. Thong, who warns them of the upcoming Clash of Dragons.
During the Atlantis Attacks, Delroy and their teammates are introduced to the New Agents of Atlas by Woo. Delroy, along with Brawn, the Uranian and M-11 are able to keep the portal-city Pan's portals stable and release the Atlantean dragon Pan had previously captured to power itself, briefly easing tensions between the two nations.
Powers and abilities
Delroy Garrett is imbued with the abilities of the original 3-D Man. They have three times the physical abilities of a man in peak physical condition. They can also heal injuries three times as fast as a normal man. Their perceptions (sight, hearing, smell) have been enhanced as well. They can also run at superhuman speed.
The goggles given to Delroy by the original 3-D Man help Delroy to focus their ability to identify Skrulls in disguise, although the power to do so lies within him. Delroy is now able to access that power without the help of the goggles. When doing so, one eye turns red and the other turns green.  They are now also able to see, when focusing, a person's true form (detecting illusions, possessions, etc.).
Other versions
JLA/Avengers
In JLA/Avengers, Triathlon appears in the first issue where they are taken over by Starro the Conqueror. They only appear around the start, where they voluntarily stay at the Mansion to monitor events as they claim Yellowjacket and the Wasp are more experienced. Triathlon is defeated by the Rhino, but being a then-current member of the Avengers, they reappear among the Avengers at the end being transported away from Krona's base when the timestream gets realigned and the DC and Marvel Universes are separated.
Reception
Newsarama ranked Delroy as Triathlon as the eighth worst Avengers member describing Delroy as "the Neapolitan ice cream of lameness." Comic Book Resources placed them as one of the superheroes Marvel wants you to forget.
References
External links
Delroy Garrett at the Marvel Wikia
Triathlon at Marvel Directory
Avengers (comics) characters
Characters created by Kurt Busiek
Comics characters introduced in 1998
Fictional African-American people
Fictional characters with superhuman senses
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics characters with accelerated healing
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics mutates
Marvel Comics superheroes
Events in the year 1202 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Sverre Sigurdsson then Haakon III Sverresson
Events
25 January - The siege of Tønsberg Fortress ends. The commander of the fort Reidar Sendemann and their men surrenders to King Sverre of Norway.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
9 March – Sverre of Norway, King (born c. 1145/1151 ).
Inge Magnusson, pretender to the Norwegian throne (born c. 1182).
References
Norway
Habibullah Huseynov (; 10 October 1910 16 April 1945) was an Iranian Azerbaijani Red Army colonel and a posthumous Hero of the Soviet Union. Huseynov emigrated to Baku, working as a loader and a fitter. They were drafted into the Red Army on a Komsomol direction in 1928 and became an artillery officer. They were arrested and imprisoned as an Iranian spy during the Great Purge. They were released months later and became an anti-aircraft artillery battalion commander, serving in this role during World War II.
After their unit, part of the 13th Rifle Division, was encircled in western Belarus after the Germans launched Operation Barbarossa, Huseynov led the remnants of their command in a breakout. The battalion was then reorganized and provided air defense for Kalinin and Rybinsk. In June 1942, Huseynov became commander of an anti-aircraft battalion defending Ivanovo. In October 1942, they became commander of an anti-aircraft artillery regiment, which transferred to the 1st Guards Army two months later. The regiment fought in the Tatsinskaya Raid while attached to the 24th Tank Corps. Between June and September 1943 Huseynov was chief of staff of the 4th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division. In September 1943, they took command of the 67th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division, which they led until their death. The division fought in the Baltic Offensive, Courland Pocket, East Prussian Offensive, and Samland Offensive. Huseynov was killed in action during the Samland Offensive on 16 April 1945.
Early life and interwar military service
Huseynov was born on 10 October 1910 in Ardabil in a working-class family. They worked as a loader at the port of Baku and studied and a night school for working youth, graduating from seventh grade. Huseynov then worked as an apprentice fitter at the Lieutenant Schmidt Plant.
Huseynov was drafted into the Red Army in 1928 on a Komsomol direction. In 1929, they joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. They graduated from the Transcaucasian Infantry School in June 1932 and from the Artillery Commanders Refresher Courses in Baku in September. In September Huseynov became a platoon commander in the 193rd Artillery Regiment of the Red Banner Caucasus Army, based in Baku. In April 1934, they became a battery commander of the 190th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment. In September they transferred back to the 193rd Regiment, becoming a battery commander, a divizion senior adjutant, and a divizion commander. They were promoted to Senior Lieutenant in 1936.
On 3 July 1938 they were promoted to captain. In 1938, Huseynov was arrested by the NKVD on charges of spying for Iran. They spent several months in prison and was released and restored to the Red Army at the end of the year. They became a battalion commander of the 188th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment of the Belorussian Military District in Minsk in May 1939. In February 1940, Huseynov became commander of the 312th Separate Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion of the 13th Rifle Division in the Western Special Military District at Zambrów.
World War II
Huseynov fought in World War II from 22 June 1941. The battalion was encircled in Western Belarus and broke out. In June 1941, the battalion reportedly shot down two German aircraft. In July, the battalion was reorganized and transferred to the Kalinin Air Defense Area. On 30 September Huseynov was wounded. In November 1941 they were promoted to Major. The battalion fought in the Battle of Moscow. In February 1942, the battalion transferred to the Rybinsk-Yaroslavl Air Defense Area. In June 1942, Huseynov took command of the 38th Separate Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion, defending Ivanovo. In October, they became commander of the 658th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment of the Moscow Air Defense Front. On 20 October they were promoted to lieutenant colonel. In December the regiment became part of the 4th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division of the Reserve of the Supreme High Command. It soon became part of the 1st Guards Army. The regiment participated in Operation Little Saturn and the Millerovo-Voroshilovgrad Offensive, during which it was attached to the 24th Tank Corps. The regiment fought in the Tatsinskaya Raid in December 1942. From 16 December to 10 January 1943 the regiment's gunners reportedly shot down 21 aircraft, destroyed three tanks and killed numerous German soldiers. On 10 February Huseynov was wounded a second time. On 25 February, they were awarded the Order of the Red Banner. In April 1943, the regiment became the 268th Guards Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment. On 5 April they were awarded a second Order of the Red Banner. On 23 April, Huseynov was promoted to colonel.
In June 1943, Huseynov became chief of staff of the 4th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division. They fought in the Donbas Strategic Offensive. In September 1943, they became commander of the new 67th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division in the Moscow Military District. The division defended the Moscow Industrial Region while conducting training. From July 1944 the division fought on the 1st Baltic Front. The division fought in the Baltic Offensive's Riga Offensive and Battle of Memel, during which it reportedly shot down 59 German aircraft. On 3 November, Huseynov was awarded the Order of the Red Star. The division then fought in the Courland Pocket. During the East Prussian Offensive between January and April 1945, the division provided anti-aircraft cover for military units. On 24 January, Huseynov was awarded the Order of the Patriotic War 1st class. During the Samland Offensive in April, the division advanced its guns to provide fire support to the infantry. Huseynov directed their fire from the forward area. On 16 April Huseynov was killed in action north of Fischhausen. They were buried in the Marijampolė Officers Cemetery. On 29 June 1945, they were posthumously awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union and the Order of Lenin.
Legacy
A trawler of the Ministry of Fisheries was named for Huseynov. In 1995, a memorial was built in their honor on I. Dadashov street in the Binagadi district of Baku.
References
1910 births
1945 deaths
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Azerbaijani communists
Iranian communists
People from Ardabil
Iranian emigrants to the Soviet Union
Russian people of Iranian descent
Soviet people of Iranian descent
Soviet military personnel killed in World War II
Russian people of Azerbaijani descent
Soviet colonels
Center Township, Ohio, may refer to:
Center Township, Carroll County, Ohio
Center Township, Columbiana County, Ohio
Center Township, Guernsey County, Ohio
Center Township, Mercer County, Ohio
Center Township, Monroe County, Ohio
Center Township, Morgan County, Ohio
Center Township, Noble County, Ohio
Center Township, Williams County, Ohio
Center Township, Wood County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
The liver of mammals, fowl, and fish is commonly eaten as food by humans (see offal). Pork, lamb, veal, beef, chicken, goose, and cod livers are widely available from butchers and supermarkets while stingray and burbot livers are common in some European countries.
Animal livers are rich in iron, copper, the B vitamins and preformed vitamin A. Daily consumption of liver can be harmful; for instance, vitamin A toxicity has been proven to cause medical issues to babies born of pregnant mothers who consumed too much vitamin A. A single serving of beef liver exceeds the tolerable upper intake level of vitamin A. 100 g cod liver contains 5 mg of vitamin A and 100 µg of vitamin D. Liver contains large amounts of vitamin B12, and this was one of the factors that led to the discovery of the vitamin.
Etymology
From Middle English liver, from Old English , from Proto-Germanic , from Proto-Indo-European "to smear, smudge, stick", from Proto-Indo-European - "to be slimy, be sticky, glide". Cognate with Saterland Frisian "liver", West Frisian "liver", Dutch "liver", German "liver", Danish , Norwegian and Swedish language lever "liver" the last three from Old Norse "liver".
In the Romance languages, the anatomical word for "liver" (French , Italian , Spanish , etc.) derives not from the Latin anatomical term, , but from the culinary term , literally "stuffed with figs," referring to the livers of geese that had been fattened on figs (foie gras).
Preparation
Liver can be baked, boiled, broiled, fried, stir-fried, or eaten raw (asbeh nayeh or sawda naye in Lebanese cuisine, liver sashimi). In many preparations, pieces of liver are combined with pieces of meat or kidneys, like in the various forms of Middle Eastern mixed grill (e.g. meurav Yerushalmi). Spreads or pâtés made from liver have various names, including liver pâté, pâté de foie gras, chopped liver, liverwurst, liver spread, and Braunschweiger. Other liver sausages include mazzafegato or salsiccia matta. A traditional South African delicacy, namely skilpadjies, is made of minced lamb's liver wrapped in netvet (caul fat), and grilled over an open fire.
Fish liver
Some fish livers are valued as food, especially the stingray liver. It is used to prepare delicacies, such as poached skate liver on toast in England, as well as the beignets de foie de raie and foie de raie en croute in French cuisine. Cod liver (usually tinned in its oil and served seasoned) is a popular spread for bread or toast in several European countries. In Russia, it is served with potatoes. Cod liver oil is commonly used as a dietary supplement. Liver of burbot is eaten in Finland: it is common for fish vendors and supermarket fish aisles to sell these fish with liver and roe sacks still attached. These parts are often eaten boiled or added to burbot soup. Burbot and its liver are traditional winter food.
Poisoning
The livers of polar bears, walruses, bearded seals, moose, and huskies can contain very high levels of preformed vitamin A, and their consumption has led to vitamin A poisoning (hypervitaminosis A) according to several anecdotal reports. The Inuit will not eat the liver of polar bears or bearded seals. It has been estimated that consumption of 500 grams of polar bear liver would result in a toxic dose for a human. Russian sailor Alexander Konrad, who accompanied explorer Valerian Albanov in a tragic ordeal over the Arctic ice in 1912, wrote about the awful effects of consuming polar bear liver. Also, in 1913, Antarctic explorers on the Far Eastern Party Douglas Mawson and Xavier Mertz were believed to have been poisoned, the latter fatally, from eating husky liver, though this has been contested recently.
Mercury content in some species can also be an issue. In 2012, the Government of Nunavut warned pregnant women to lower their intake of ringed seal liver due to elevated levels of mercury.
The neurotoxin in the liver of the pufferfish (which is consumed in Japanese cuisine as fugu, tightly regulated by Japanese law) contains the highest concentration of the tetrodotoxin, which characterizes the species. Consequently, the liver has been illegal to serve since 1984.
Traditions
Pig liver is a traditional food of immigrant Okinawans in Hawaii. It used to be eaten on New Year's Eve.
References
German cuisine
Greek cuisine
Mexican cuisine
Philippine cuisine
South African cuisine
Offal
Eighty Four is a census-designated place in Somerset, Nottingham, North Strabane, and South Strabane townships in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. It lies approximately 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Pittsburgh and is in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The population was 657 at the 2010 census.
Eighty Four contains the 84 Lumber company's headquarters. Eighty Four is a part of the Canon-McMillan, Trinity, Ringgold, and Bentworth school districts.
Eighty Four is accessible via Pennsylvania Route 519 and Route 136 and interstates 79 and 70. The closest international airport is the Pittsburgh International Airport approximately 25 miles northwest of Eighty Four in Findlay Township.
Origin of name
Eighty Four was originally named Smithville. Due to postal confusion with another town of the same name, its name was changed to "Eighty Four" on July 28, 1884. The origin of the name is uncertain. It has been suggested that the town was named in honor of Grover Cleveland's 1884 election as President of the United States, but that occurred after the town was named. Another possibility is the town's mile marker on the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad. Another is that the town was named after the year the town's post office was built, by a postmaster who "didn't have a whole lot of imagination." Still another theory on the name is Major Alexander Cooper Hamilton, who served in Pennsylvania's 84th Voluntary infantry regiment, which fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, under Lieutenant Colonel Milton Opp.
See also
List of places with numeric names
References
Census-designated places in Washington County, Pennsylvania
Stan Yagiello (born May 4, 1963) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys. They also are a member of the Pittsburgh Gladiators and the New York Knights in the Arena Football League. They played college football at William & Mary.
Early years
Yagiello grew up in Livingston, New Jersey and attended Livingston High School. They were a member of the state champion baseball and football teams where they were first-team All-State in 1979 and 1980. They were selected by the Cleveland Indians in the 16th round of the 1981 MLB Draft.
College career
Yagiello chose to pass on professional baseball and accepted a football scholarship from The College of William & Mary. As a true first-year student, they appeared in 3 games as a backup behind Chris Garrity, before being redshirted.
As a redshirt first-year student in their first college start against Miami of Ohio Stan threw for 414 yards with 2 TD passes. After an injury in week 3 they platooned at quarterback until the sixth game of the season against Dartmouth College, when they took over the regular starting role.
As a sophomore, they had 18 out of 28 completions for 236 yards, 3 touchdown passes and one rushing touchdown, in a 28–12 win against the Virginia Military Institute.
As a junior, they had 261 completions (school record) out of 428 pass attempts (school record) for 2,801 passing yards (second in school history).
As a fifth year senior, they had 240 completions (second in school history) out of 413 pass attempts (second in school history) for 2,962 passing yards (school record), 23 touchdown passes (school record) and was ranked 11th nationally in passing efficiency. They made 24 completions for 405 yards (school record) and 2 touchdowns, in a 31–14 win against James Madison University. They had 345 passing yards (second in school history) against Norfolk State University.
They finished their college football career as the first four-year starter in school history. They also set career school records with 737 completions out of 1,246 pass attempts for 8,249 passing yards, 51 touchdown passes and twenty 200-yard passing games.
Yagiello also played college baseball, leading their team with a .437 batting average and a .470 on-base percentage as a junior in 1984.
In 1997, they were inducted into the William and Mary Athletics Hall of Fame.
Professional career
Washington Redskins
Yagiello was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Washington Redskins after the 1986 NFL Draft. On August 18 they were released to make room for quarterback Doug Williams, who was coming from the United States Football League.
Toronto Argonauts
On February 5, 1987, they signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. They were released on June 19.
Montreal Alouettes
In June 1987, after their release from the Argonauts, Yagiello signed with the Montreal Alouettes. They were released after Montreal withdrew from league due to bankruptcy.
Pittsburgh Gladiators (AFL)
On July 6, 1987, they were signed by the Pittsburgh Gladiators of the Arena Football League, to replace backup quarterback Kevin Russell.
Dallas Cowboys
After the NFLPA strike was declared on the third week of the 1987 season, those contests were canceled (reducing the 16-game season to 15) and the NFL decided that the games would be played with replacement players. On September 21, they were signed to be a part of the Dallas Cowboys replacement team. They were a backup quarterback behind Kevin Sweeney, Danny White and Loren Snyder. They were cut on October 7.
New York Knights
In 1987, they were signed by the New York Knights of the Arena Football League to be the backup quarterback. They were released on June 2, 1988.
References
1963 births
Living people
Livingston High School (New Jersey) alumni
People from Livingston, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
American football quarterbacks
William & Mary Tribe football players
William & Mary Tribe baseball players
Pittsburgh Gladiators players
Dallas Cowboys players
New York Knights (arena football) players
National Football League replacement players
Sylvain Huet (born 20 October 1960) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Montreal
Goljevica () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Anhovo. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Goljevica at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
August Schmarsow (26 May 1853, Schildfeld – 19 January 1936, Baden-Baden) was a German art historian.
Biography
They were born in Schildfeld (now part of Vellahn), Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and was educated in Zürich, Strassburg and Bonn. They became docent of the history of art at Göttingen in 1881, professor there in 1882, at Breslau in 1885, and went to Florence in 1892, and thence to Leipzig in 1893.
In 1888 they founded the Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz (Institute for the History of Art, Florence), an institution to promote original research in the history of Italian art, now part of the Max Planck Society, a German state institution.
Literary works
Their writings are characterized by sound scholarship and acute criticism. They wrote biographies of David D'Angers, Ingres, and Prudhon in Robert Dohme's Kunst und Kunstler; Raphael und Pinturicchio in Siena (1880); they also wrote:
Melozzo da Forli (1886)
Giovanni Santi (1887
St. Martin von Lucca und die Anfänge der toskanischen Sculptur im Mittelalter (1889)
Masaccio-Studien (1895–99), with atlas
Barock und Rokoko (1897)
Grundbegriffe der Kunstwissenschaft (1905)
Federigo Barocci (1909–10)
Gherardo Starnina (1912)
References
1853 births
1936 deaths
People from Ludwigslust-Parchim
People from the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
German art historians
German male non-fiction writers
University of Göttingen faculty
University of Breslau faculty
Leipzig University faculty
The Evangelical Church of Romania () is a Protestant denomination that emerged out of the Romanian Orthodox Church. It is one of Romania's eighteen officially recognised religious denominations.
History
The church originated between 1920 and 1924, the work of the young Romanian Orthodox theologians Dumitru Cornilescu (whose Bible translation is used by most Protestant churches in Romania) and Tudor Popescu (a former priest at the Cuibul cu barză Church). Also known as Tudorites, the deeply pietistic movement, regarded as the only Protestant church with Romanian origins, originated in a profound religious experience of Popescu's. Following this, they began to preach repentance and faith, questioning the significance attached by Orthodoxy to the saints, icons and the sacraments, and emphasising the centrality of the Bible instead of the liturgy. Eventually excommunicated and barred from addressing Orthodox congregations, they were lent an auditorium by an affiliate of the Anglican Mission to the Jews in Bucharest. Much to the consternation of their former church, they were able to firmly establish their work, drawing large crowds with their very popular preaching.
Under the leadership of Popescu and Cornilescu, several hundred followers built a 1000-seat mother church in 1926, which still drew close to eight hundred worshipers on an average Sunday morning in the early 1990s. At the request of government authorities, some of whom Popescu deeply impressed, the new movement registered as an association in 1927 and, in order to be distinguished from other groups, took the name Christians of the Scriptures. Shortly thereafter, churches opened in Ploiești, Câmpulung, Târgoviște, Rucăr, Buzău, Pitești, Bârlad, Brașov and other places.
In 1939, despite differences in dogma and worship, the National Renaissance Front regime compelled the Christians of the Scriptures to merge with the Christian Evangelicals, resulting in the Christian Evangelical Church. The resultant church had two branches: branch I, which practised believer's baptism, and the Tudorite branch II, which employed infant baptism. (The difference stemmed from the tradition whence each emerged: Plymouth Brethren and Romanian Orthodox, respectively.) Outlawed under the World War II-era regime of Ion Antonescu, in 1946, the Evangelical Christians were recognised as a religious body by the Romanian state, with the Tudorites once again merged into the Plymouth Brethren church, and also including a splinter group called "Christians" centred at Ploieşti. (For an overview of the church's development under the Communist regime, see Christian Evangelical Church of Romania.) Following the 1989 Revolution and the fall of the regime, the two branches split at a general conference held in Bucharest a month later. They separated ostensibly over the issue of baptism, with the second emerging as the Evangelical Church of Romania.
Organisation
According to the 2011 census, the church had 15,514 members, making up 0.08% of the population; it was the country's 15th largest recognised religious body. As of 2008, there were some 220 churches, mainly in Bucharest and in the counties of Ilfov, Argeș, Brașov, Constanța, Dâmbovița, Ialomița, Prahova and Vaslui. The church considers all members to be brothers, has no clergy or hierarchy, is completely reliant on a lay ministry, and considers Christ as its head. At the national level, there is a brethren assembly of elected representatives, which supervises and coordinates church life, as well as a leadership committee that represents the church in its dealings with the state. Members are not required to make contributions for the upkeep of the church. The church's justification for baptism by immersion is that the early Christians had this practice, but it stresses the importance of personal belief in Christ and not just baptism. During services, members sing together fervently without benefit of a choir or instruments. Bible readings and expositions, as well as prayers, are also featured, and services' spontaneity leads to considerable member participation, with individual churches enjoying strong autonomy.
The church published a semimonthly newsletter, Adevărul Creștin ("The Christian Truth"), as well as other theological works. It has relations with the Union of Evangelical Free Church Congregations in Germany as well as with evangelical churches in the Netherlands and the United States, but has no direct outside equivalent.
Notes
References
Earl A. Pope, "Protestantism in Romania", in Sabrina P. Ramet (ed.), Christianity under Stress. Vol. III: Protestantism and Politics in Eastern Europe and Russia: The Communist and Postcommunist Eras, Duke University Press, 1992.
External links
Official site
Eastern Christianity
Plymouth Brethren
Protestantism in Romania
Religious organizations established in the 1920s
Religious organizations based in Bucharest
Kevin John Russell (born 6 December 1966) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker for Brighton & Hove Albion, Portsmouth, Wrexham, Leicester City, Peterborough United, Cardiff City, Hereford United, Stoke City, Burnley, AFC Bournemouth and Notts County.
Playing career
A former England Youth international, Russell (nicknamed Rooster early in their career because of their quiff); later to lose all their hair) was a professional footballer who played for 11 clubs in a career spanning nearly 20 years. Released by Brighton after an apprenticeship Russell returned to their hometown club Portsmouth but appearances were limited They then moved on to Wrexham during the 1987 close season. In the first of their two spells with the club they scored at a rate of just over a goal every two games. In 1989, they joined Leicester City, but was loaned out four times. However, they fought their way into the first team at the end of the 1991–92 season and became a cult-hero, scoring several important late goals after coming off the bench as they helped fire Leicester to the play-off final, eventually losing to Blackburn Rovers. Despite this, they went to Stoke City at the end of the season. While at Stoke they became a key member of the first team as Stoke won the Second Division title in 1992–93.
After one season at Stoke City, they moved onto Burnley for a fee of £130,000. Short spells with AFC Bournemouth and Notts County followed before a move back to the Racecourse Ground. Here, at last, Russell found a permanent home – they were to play nearly 200 more league games for The Robins in a deeper role, eventually being rewarded with a testimonial against Manchester United. In their second spell at Wrexham, they were best remembered for their winning goal against West Ham in an FA Cup third round replay in the 1996–97 season. With the tie goalless, Russell scored a 90th-minute goal to dump West Ham out of the cup at Upton Park.
Coaching career
They remained at the club as a coach until being sacked in January 2007. On 12 January 2011, they agreed to rejoin Peterborough United, with Darren Ferguson for a second spell. On 18 August 2014, it was confirmed that they rejoined Stoke City as a coach for the Under 21 and Under 18 sides. They were promoted to Stoke City U23s manager for the 2018–19 season. In January 2019 they began work, alongside Andy Quy, assisting Stoke's new caretaker manager Rory Delap.
Career statistics
Source:
A. The "Other" column constitutes appearances and goals in the Football League Trophy, Football League play-offs and Full Members Cup.
Honours
Stoke City
Football League Second Division champions: 1992–93
Burnley
Football League Second Division play-offs winner: 1994
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
People from Paulsgrove
Portsmouth F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Notts County F.C. players
England youth international footballers
Peterborough United F.C. non-playing staff
Preston North End F.C. non-playing staff
English Football League players
Stoke City F.C. non-playing staff
Association football forwards
English footballers
Aldo Bertoldi (born 5 January 1961) is a Swiss racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swiss male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Hatice Kübra İlgün (born 1 January 1993) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner. They have won a silver medal at the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships in the featherweight division.
Sport career
Hatice Kübra İlgün left it until the final second of their under-57 kilograms featherweight final to win the World Taekwondo Grand Prix in Chiba in September 2019.
A high, round kick to the head of Morocco's Nada Laraaj turned a 3-2 deficit into a 4-3 winning margin for the 26-year-old Turkish fighter whose career was gathering huge momentum up to the point where competition had to be held up because of the 2020 coronavirus pandemic.
İlgün started taekwondo 14-years-ago though a family contact.
"My advantages are that my legs are very long, and I am strong and slim," they said. "And I work hard."
Them promise in the sport was soon evident as they earned second place in the senior under-49 kg event at the Dutch Open aged 16. The following year, they were under-57 kg bronze medallist at the European Under-21 Championships in Chisinau and senior titles soon followed in the Turkish, Ukraine and Moldova Open events.
In 2017, they took another significant step-up as they won under-57 kg silver at the World Championships in Muju, losing 7-5 to South Korea's Lee Ah-reum, who had beaten Britain's Olympic champion Jade Jones in the semi-final.
Before the year was over they had won gold at the Summer Universiade in Taipei, and they followed up by earning their first Grand Prix title in Rabat.
At the 2018 European Championships in Kazan they added another significant medal to their collection as they earned silver, losing to Jones in the final.
In 2019, they produced a series of results that bettered for consistency anything they had done before.
Them Chiba win was preceded by silver at the Rome Grand Prix, and followed by bronze at the Sofia Grand Prix and a silver in the Grand Prix Final in Moscow.
They continued into 2020 in the same dominant vein, winning the Fujairah Open and WT Presidents Cup - Europe in Helsingborg before taking bronze at the German Open.
Qualification for the next Olympics has been amply secured.
"I am really hardworking," they told World Taekwondo. "And I really want to be there."
A medal at Tokyo would be a life-changing achievement. Turkey awards successful European, World or Olympic medal-winning athletes with monetary compensation and post-career coaching positions.
"That is good for building my future," they added. "But I will fight under the Turkish national flag. That is more important to me than money."
Hatice Kübra Ilgün managed to win 8-6 in the final for third place against Alizadeh Zenoorin Kimia, the fighter of the Olympic Refugee Team (EOR), in the women's category of – 57 kg during the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games. İlgün won the first round 3-2, and continued their form in the second round with a 2-0 win, taking the total score to 4-3. İlgün clinched the last round 4-3 and won the match with an 8-6 score.
They won the gold medal in the women's 57 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria.
Tournament record
References
Living people
1993 births
Turkish female taekwondo practitioners
Universiade medalists in taekwondo
Universiade gold medalists for Turkey
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
European Taekwondo Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Turkey
Olympic bronze medalists for Turkey
Olympic medalists in taekwondo
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games medalists in taekwondo
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Turkey
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
20th-century Turkish women
21st-century Turkish women
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in taekwondo
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Turkey
Kishan Chand Parwani is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan on a seat reserved for minorities as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani Hindus
Sindhi people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Tepetitán is one of the two most important towns of the Macuspana Municipality, Tabasco in Mexico and one of the 19 regional development centers in which most of the municipality's economic and social activities occur. It is the oldest settlement in the municipality and in the vicinity there is a river. Its population is 1,522 inhabitants and it is about 23 miles from the municipal seat.
Early beginnings
During an expedition of conquistador Hernán Cortés in between 1524 and 1525, the conqueror mentioned having passed through a town called Tepetitlán, which could have been the present town of Tepetitán.
19th century
The town was the core of the insurrection of the Macuspana uprising against the centralist government in the year 1840, rebelling against the government of General José Ignacio Gutiérrez (es) in Tabasco.
Economic activity
There are two oil wells and the main economic activities are agriculture, livestock and fishing.
Notable people
Tepetitán is the birthplace of Andrés Manuel López Obrador, current President of Mexico.
References
Populated places in Tabasco
Alzahra University (, Danushgah-e Alzehra) is a female-only public university in the Vanak neighborhood of Tehran, Iran. Alzahra University is the only comprehensive women's university in Iran and the Middle East. Acceptance to the university is competitive and entrance to undergraduate and graduate programs requires scoring among the top 1% of students in the Nationwide University Entrance Exams. Alzahra University is ranked second in Iran and 201–300 in the world, according to University Impact Rankings 2019, Times Higher Education (THE). Alzahra University ranked number 17 in Iran and number 801+ worldwide according to the physical sciences subject ranking, World University Rankings 2019 by Times Higher Education.
History and profile
The university, founded by Queen Farah Pahlavi in 1964, began as a private institution under the title of the Higher Educational Institute For Girls with 90 students. After the Iranian revolution, the university attained public status, and was renamed Mahboubeh Mottahedin after an Iranian Revolutionary who was killed prior to the 1979 revolution. In 1983 the university was renamed Alzahra University. The university offers 51 undergraduate, 83 graduate, and 31 post-graduate programs to 10,000 students. The university has ten faculties and a research center for women's studies, as well as a branch in the city of Urmia (the capital of West Azerbaijan province) and two self-supporting campuses.
The faculties of Alzahra University are Art, Biological Sciences, Education and Psychology, Engineering and Technology, Literature and Languages, Mathematical Sciences, Physical Education, Physics and Chemistry, Social and Economic Sciences, and Theology.
The university initiated its graduate studies program in 1990, under the supervision of Vice Chancellery for Academic Affairs, by establishing an Educational Psychology master's degree program and admitting 11 students. It then established five fields and admission of 36 students in 1993. In 1994 the Graduate Studies Affairs was established and commenced its mission with 158 students in eight masters degree fields. The first PhD examination was administered in the major of Islamic History in the same year.
The university offers doctoral programs in history (Islamic history and history of Islamic Iran), psychology, economics, research in art, chemistry, physics, and applied mathematics.
Faculty members
The academic faculty of the university is a community of some 350 tenured scholars teaching and conducting research. The professors work in collaboration with visiting colleagues from other Iranian universities.
Collaborations with other universities
Alzahra University is a member of the International Association of Universities (IAU) and the Federation of Universities of the Islamic World (FUIW), and has established close ties and signed more than 45 Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs) for academic-research collaborations with accredited universities and research centers worldwide from a variety of countries, such as Pakistan, Iraq, Germany, Uganda, France, Russia, India, Kyrgyzstan, China, the Philippines, Indonesia, Syria, Libya, Belarus, among others.
Facilities
Alzahra University has central and faculty libraries with 77,000 hard copies of books (33,000 of which are in English), and 930 Persian and English academic journals. Among other facilities offered at Alzahra University are electronic libraries, professional laboratories, language labs, computer labs, an art gallery, an educational center, business incubators, pool and sports facilities, food centers and a traditional Iranian restaurant, whose building dates back to over 120 years. A post office, bank, travel agency office, cellphone services office, grocery store, stationery shop/bookstore and copy place are on campus
Department and research centers
Department of physical education and sport sciences
Department of literature, language and history
Department of physics and chemistry
Department of biological sciences
Department of mathematics
Department of social sciences and economics
Department of engineering
Department of psychology
Department of theology
Department of art
Department of psychology
Women research center
Campuses
Alborz campus
International campus
Urmia branch
Research and publications
Eighteen academic journals are published by the university, such as Journal of Applied Biology, Journal of Brand Management, Women's Sociological and Psychological Studies, Women and Family Studies, Applied Physics, Historical Perspective & Historiography, History of Islam and Iran, Language Research, and many more. 6,000 theses and dissertations reside in the Central Library of the university.
International students
The university offers its undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate programs to international students. Around 128 international students study at Alzahra University, from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Lebanon, Nigeria, Turkey, Syria, Tajikistan, and Tanzania. Some of the facilities for international students are:
Offering Persian language courses at the university Persian Language Center
Offering some courses in English upon popular demand
Insurance
On-campus dormitory
Access to all amenities of the university and dormitory, equaling the access of Iranian students. These include, among others:
Swimming pool
Sports complex
Computer labs and free Wi-Fi access
Student clubs
General and professional libraries
Counseling services
Participation and membership in sport competitions, socio-cultural gatherings, and productive, entertaining, and cultivating student events
Alzahra University in Ranks
Ranked 601–800 for Engineering and Technology in Times Higher Education Ranking 2020
Ranked 557 for Natural Sciences and 371 for Technical Sciences in Round University Ranking 2019
Ranked 201 in Times Higher Education University Impact Ranking 2019
Ranked 68 in UI Green Metric 2018
Notable people
Poopak Niktalab, graduated in mathematics, author and literary researcher
References
External links
Official website of Alzahra University
1964 establishments in Iran
Educational institutions established in 1964
Women's universities and colleges
Women's rights in Iran
HMS Diligence was a 10-gun Alderney-class sloop of the Royal Navy which saw active service during the Seven Years' War and the American Revolutionary War. Launched in 1756, they were a successful privateer hunter off the coast of France before being reassigned to North American waters in 1763. Fifteen years later they were briefly refitted as a receiving ship for press ganged sailors brought into Sheerness Dockyard, before being re-registered in August 1779 as the fireship Comet.
In December 1780 they were sold into private hands at Sheerness Dockyard for £300.
Construction
Diligence was one of three vessels built to a 1755 design by Surveyor of the Navy William Bately, and collectively known as Alderney-class sloops in recognition of which was the first to be formally contracted for construction. This was Bately's first experience with vessel design, for which they substantially borrowed from the shape and dimensions of George IIs yacht HMY Royal Caroline, built in 1750 by Master Shipwright John Hollond. Bately then added to Hollond's hull design by lengthening the "fore-rake" – the area of the bow that extended beyond the keel – in order to improve the sloop's stability in heavy swell.
Admiralty Orders of 14 November 1755 indicated that the Alderney-class vessels were to be built at private dockyards, leaving the Royal Dockyards fully engaged in constructing or fitting-out the larger ships of the line. For previous Navy contracts the prices quoted by Thames River shipyards had proved exorbitant, and the Navy Board had evidence that the shipwrights were colluding to fix higher rates for construction work. In consequence only regional shipwrights were invited to bid for Diligence, with the contract awarded on 27 February 1756 to William Wells and Company, a private shipyard in Deptford. Contract terms stipulated that the vessel be completed within six months.
The new vessel's keel was laid in March 1756 and work commenced on the hull. Bately's initial design was for a two-masted snow-rigged sloop, but Diligence was the only one completed to this specification; their sister ships Alderney and were modified in mid-1756 into a traditional three-masted ship rig to increase speed at the expense of manoeuvrability. When completed, Diligence was long with a keel, a beam of and a hold. As fitted out for Royal Navy service they were lightly armed with 10 four-pounder cannons ranged along their upper deck, accompanied by 12 -pounder swivel guns for anti-personnel use.
The half-built sloop was formally christened Diligence on 25 May 1756 and was launched in July 1756, well within the contracted deadline of six months. After launch, they were sailed to Deptford Dockyard for fitting out and to take on guns and crew.
Service
American Revolutionary War: On 6 April 1778, they were credited, along with HMS Antilope, for capturing American schooner "John".
References
Bibliography
Sloops of the Royal Navy
1756 ships
The 2017 Atlantic Coast Conference women's soccer season was the 29th season of women's varsity soccer in the conference.
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Clemson Tigers the defending regular season champions. The Florida State Seminoles are the defending ACC tournament Champions.
Changes from 2016
There were no coaching changes from 2016 to 2017.
Teams
Stadiums and locations
1. Georgia Tech does not sponsor women's soccer
Personnel
Pre-season
Pre-season poll
The ACC women's soccer pre-season poll was determined by a vote of all 14 ACC women's soccer head coaches. The poll was voted on as teams began their pre-season training during the first week of August. The coaches also voted on a pre-season all-ACC team.
Pre-season coaches poll
Florida State – 186 points (8 First-Place Votes)
North Carolina – 172 (2)
Duke – 170 (1)
Virginia – 160 (2)
Notre Dame – 145 (1)
Clemson – 120
NC State – 104
Virginia Tech – 91
Wake Forest – 72
Boston College – 71
Miami – 65
Louisville – 63
Syracuse – 33
Pittsburgh – 18
Pre-Season All-ACC Team
Hermann Trophy Watchlist
The ACC had 4 women named to the Hermann Trophy watchlist prior to the season.
Deyna Castellanos – Florida State
Natalia Kuikka – Florida State
Cassie Miller – Florida State
Bridgette Andrzejewski – North Carolina
Regular season
Rankings
United Soccer
Top Drawer Soccer
Statistics
Overall season statistics can be found on the ACC's website.
Players of the Week
Postseason
ACC tournament
NCAA tournament
The ACC had a total of 8 teams selected to the NCAA tournament. This was the second most number of teams from any conference in the tournament, behind the SEC (9). All teams were selected to host a first round match, and two teams were selected as number one seeds.
Awards and honors
United Soccer Coaches All-Americans
Six total players from the ACC were named to the United Soccer Coaches All-America teams. Two players were named to each the first, second and third team.
First Team
Imani Dorsey, Duke
Rebecca Quinn, Duke
Second Team
Deyna Castellanos, Florida State
Alessia Russo, North Carolina
Third Team
Schuyler DeBree, Duke
Sandra Yu, Notre Dame
ACC Awards
Draft picks
The ACC had 12 total players selected in the 2018 NWSL College Draft. There were 3 players selected in the first round, 1 player selected in the second round, 5 players selected in the third round, and 3 players selected in the fourth round. Duke leads the way with 6 players selected, Wake Forest and North Carolina had 2 players selected each, and Virginia and Notre Dame each had 1 player selected.
References
2017 NCAA Division I women's soccer season
The Braille pattern dots-235 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2816, and in Braille ASCII with the number 6.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-235 is used to represent an exclamation point, other punctuation, and otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
† Abolished in Unified English Braille
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-235 are Braille patterns 2357, 2358, and 23578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 367, 1367, 3467, and 13467 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-235, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0235, 2357, and 02357 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 367, 1367, 3467, or 13467
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-235 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 語
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 叉
- selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 又
- ゑ/訁 + selector 4 = 詠
Compounds of 語 and 訁
- け/犬 + ゑ/訁 = 獄
- や/疒 + ゑ/訁 = 嶽
- ひ/辶 + ゑ/訁 = 這
- ゑ/訁 + ろ/十 = 訊
- ゑ/訁 + か/金 = 訓
- ゑ/訁 + こ/子 = 訟
- ゑ/訁 + て/扌 = 訣
- ゑ/訁 + た/⽥ = 訳
- ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 + た/⽥ = 譯
- ゑ/訁 + を/貝 = 訴
- ゑ/訁 + う/宀/#3 = 診
- ゑ/訁 + い/糹/#2 = 証
- ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 + い/糹/#2 = 證
- ゑ/訁 + に/氵 = 詣
- ゑ/訁 + 囗 = 試
- ゑ/訁 + し/巿 = 詩
- ゑ/訁 + な/亻 = 詫
- ゑ/訁 + り/分 = 詮
- ゑ/訁 + れ/口 = 詰
- ゑ/訁 + ゐ/幺 = 該
- ゑ/訁 + そ/馬 = 詳
- ゑ/訁 + 宿 = 誂
- ゑ/訁 + 心 = 誌
- ゑ/訁 + ぬ/力 = 認
- ゑ/訁 + は/辶 = 誨
- ゑ/訁 + 火 = 誹
- ゑ/訁 + つ/土 = 調
- ゑ/訁 + せ/食 = 請
- ゑ/訁 + ひ/辶 = 諌
- ゑ/訁 + ゆ/彳 = 諛
- ゑ/訁 + ん/止 = 諮
- ゑ/訁 + ま/石 = 諳
- ゑ/訁 + 日 = 諸
- 心 + ゑ/訁 + 日 = 藷
- ゑ/訁 + る/忄 = 謀
- ゑ/訁 + ほ/方 = 謗
- ゑ/訁 + け/犬 = 謙
- ゑ/訁 + む/車 = 講
- ゑ/訁 + き/木 = 謹
- ゑ/訁 + み/耳 = 譲
- ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 + み/耳 = 讓
- ゑ/訁 + 数 = 讐
- ゑ/訁 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 諫
- う/宀/#3 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 謇
- ゑ/訁 + 宿 + 数 = 讎
Compounds of 叉
- む/車 + ゑ/訁 = 蚤
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 扠
- か/金 + selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 釵
- と/戸 + selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 靫
Compounds of 又
- 仁/亻 + ゑ/訁 = 侵
- ぬ/力 + ゑ/訁 = 努
- ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 友
- の/禾 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 秡
- み/耳 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 跋
- し/巿 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 黻
- ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 = 双
- へ/⺩ + ゑ/訁 = 収
- へ/⺩ + へ/⺩ + ゑ/訁 = 收
- う/宀/#3 + ゑ/訁 = 叔
- な/亻 + う/宀/#3 + ゑ/訁 = 俶
- 心 + う/宀/#3 + ゑ/訁 = 椒
- み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 取
- ふ/女 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 娶
- て/扌 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 掫
- え/訁 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 諏
- む/車 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 輙
- さ/阝 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 陬
- そ/馬 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 驟
- 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 受
- ゐ/幺 + 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 綬
- り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 叙
- selector 1 + り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 敍
- り/分 + り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 敘
- め/目 + ゑ/訁 = 叡
- き/木 + ゑ/訁 = 叢
- れ/口 + ゑ/訁 = 啜
- ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 奴
- れ/口 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 呶
- こ/子 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 孥
- し/巿 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 帑
- ゆ/彳 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 弩
- て/扌 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 拏
- そ/馬 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 駑
- 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 寝
- 宿 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 寢
- よ/广 + ゑ/訁 = 度
- に/氵 + ゑ/訁 = 渡
- か/金 + よ/广 + ゑ/訁 = 鍍
- て/扌 + ゑ/訁 = 抜
- て/扌 + て/扌 + ゑ/訁 = 拔
- 日 + ゑ/訁 = 最
- き/木 + 日 + ゑ/訁 = 樶
- 心 + ゑ/訁 = 桑
- つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 殻
- る/忄 + つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 愨
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 殼
- 氷/氵 + ゑ/訁 = 浸
- た/⽥ + ゑ/訁 = 畷
- ね/示 + ゑ/訁 = 祓
- ゐ/幺 + ゑ/訁 = 綴
- ⺼ + ゑ/訁 = 腎
- も/門 + ゑ/訁 = 警
- は/辶 + ゑ/訁 = 趣
- い/糹/#2 + ゑ/訁 = 隻
- め/目 + い/糹/#2 + ゑ/訁 = 矍
- せ/食 + ゑ/訁 = 餐
- お/頁 + ゑ/訁 = 魃
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 攴
- 火 + selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 燮
- ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 + ゑ/訁 = 雙
- ふ/女 + 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 娵
- ゑ/訁 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 聚
- 心 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 菽
- む/車 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 輟
- か/金 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 錣
- そ/馬 + 宿 + ゑ/訁 = 馭
Other compounds
- さ/阝 + ゑ/訁 = 陰
- く/艹 + さ/阝 + ゑ/訁 = 蔭
- そ/馬 + ゑ/訁 = 駁
Notes
Braille patterns
Siva Chinnatamby (c.1921/3 - 2000) was a Sri Lankan obstetrician who pioneered the use of modern contraceptives in the country.
Biography
In 1961, Chinnatamby led the first oral contraceptive trials in Asia, at Ragama Hospital. In 1964, they led trials of intrauterine devices at Colombo North Hospital, and in 1968, they began trials of Depo-Provera.
In 1972 they were invited to give the Murugesar Sinnetamby Oration at the Sri Lanka Medical Association; their topic was "Successful treatment of infertility".
In the late 1960s, Chinnatamby was instrumental in establishing the first Zonta International club in Sri Lanka. At the end of their life, they bequeathed their home in Colombo to the University of Colombo, for use as residence for women students of the university. The Sri Lankan College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists established a memorial lecture in their name.
Publications
Chinnatamby, S. (September 25, 1965). Intrauterine Contraceptive Device and Population. British Medical Journal, 2, 5464, 756.
Chinnatamby, S. (November 01, 1971). A Comparison of the Long-Acting Contraceptive Agents Norethisterone Oenanthate and Medroxyprogesterone Acetate. The Australian and New Zealand Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, 11, 4, 233-236.
Chinnatamby, S. (May 24, 2010). The Evolution of Obstetrics in Ceylon from the Sinnetamby Era (1900) to Date. The Journal of the Asian Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, 1, 1, 90-102.
References
Sri Lankan medical doctors
2000 deaths
1920s births
People of British Ceylon
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Gijukukōkōmae Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 6.7 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform serving two tracks. The station building is staffed. The station also has a rail yard and maintenance and servicing facilities of the rolling stock of the Kōnan Railway, along with the electrical transformer station that provides power to the Ōwani Line.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Tsugaru-Ōsawa Station was opened on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line.
Surrounding area
Hakujuen Nursing Homeol
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
The 2022–23 Taoyuan Leopards season was the franchise's 2nd season, its second season in the T1 League, its 2nd in Taoyuan City. The Leopards are coached by Liu Chia-Fa in their second year as head coach.
Draft
Reference：
The fifth place, Taoyuan Leopards, and the sixth place, Tainan TSG GhostHawks, in the 2021–22 season acquired two selections in the first round. On August 4, 2022, the second rounder, Lin Tzu-Wei had joined Taoyuan Pilots of the P. League+.
Standings
Roster
<noinclude>
Game log
2022 Interleague Play
Group match
Quarterfinals
Preseason
Regular season
Player Statistics
Transactions
Free agents
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
Awards
References
2022–23 T1 League season by team
Taoyuan Leopards seasons
Andrea Pisano (born 5 May 1961) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from La Spezia
Sportspeople from the Province of La Spezia
Billy James Mitchell (born 7 April 2001) is an English footballer who plays for Millwall.
Career
Hailing from Orpington, Mitchell joined their boyhood club Millwall at under-15 level. Their father's family originates from Bermondsey and are also Millwall fans, so is their maternal great-grandfather. They made their first team debut in the last game of the season on 5 May 2019, coming on a late substitute in the 1–0 defeat to Wigan Athletic. In the summer of 2019 they signed their first professional contract, a one-year deal. In April 2021, they signed a new long term deal with Millwall. They scored their first professional goal in a 4-1 win against Bristol City on 1 May 2021. Mitchell was awarded the PFA Championship Players in the Community award for the 2021–22 season after becoming heavily involved in Millwall's Community Trust.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Orpington
Association football midfielders
Millwall F.C. players
English Football League players
In stochastic calculus, the Doléans-Dade exponential or stochastic exponential of a semimartingale X is the unique strong solution of the stochastic differential equation where denotes the process of left limits, i.e., .
The concept is named after Catherine Doléans-Dade. Stochastic exponential plays an important role in the formulation of Girsanov's theorem and arises naturally in all applications where relative changes are important since measures the cumulative percentage change in .
Notation and terminology
Process obtained above is commonly denoted by . The terminology "stochastic exponential" arises from the similarity of to the natural exponential of : If X is absolutely continuous with respect to time, then Y solves, path-by-path, the differential equation , whose solution is .
General formula and special cases
Without any assumptions on the semimartingale , one has where is the continuous part of quadratic variation of and the product extends over the (countably many) jumps of X up to time t.
If is continuous, then In particular, if is a Brownian motion, then the Doléans-Dade exponential is a geometric Brownian motion.
If it is continuous and of finite variation, then Here need not be differentiable with respect to time; for example, can be the Cantor function.
Properties
Stochastic exponential cannot go to zero continuously, it can only jump to zero. Hence, the stochastic exponential of a continuous semimartingale is always strictly positive.
Once has jumped to zero, it is absorbed in zero. The first time it jumps to zero is precisely the first time when .
Unlike the natural exponential , which depends on only of the value of at time , the stochastic exponential depends not only on but on the whole history of in the time interval . For this reason one must write and not .
Natural exponential of a semimartingale can always be written as a stochastic exponential of another semimartingale but not the other way around.
Stochastic exponential of a local martingale is again a local martingale.
All the formulae and properties above apply also to stochastic exponential of a complex-valued . This has application in the theory of conformal martingales and in the calculation of characteristic functions.
Useful identities
Yor's formula: for any two semimartingales and one has
Applications
Stochastic exponential of a local martingale appears in the statement of Girsanov theorem. Criteria to ensure that the stochastic exponential of a continuous local martingale is a martingale are given by Kazamaki's condition, Novikov's condition, and Beneš's condition.
Derivation of the explicit formula for continuous semimartingales
For any continuous semimartingale X, take for granted that is continuous and strictly positive. Then applying Itō's formula with gives
Exponentiating with gives the solution
This differs from what might be expected by comparison with the case where X has finite variation due to the existence of the quadratic variation term [X] in the solution.
See also
Stochastic logarithm
References
Martingale theory
Stochastic differential equations
Murshida Khatun (born 7 July 1999) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays as a left-handed batter. They were named in Bangladeshi squad for the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier. They made their Women's One Day International cricket (WODI) debut against South Africa on 4 May 2018. They made their WT20I debut for Bangladesh against South Africa Women on 20 May 2018.
In August 2019, they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the 2019 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament in Scotland. In November 2019, they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Bangladesh team beat Sri Lanka by two runs in the final to win the gold medal.
In January 2020, they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. In November 2021, they were named in Bangladesh's team for the 2021 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier tournament in Zimbabwe. In January 2022, they were named in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Commonwealth Games Cricket Qualifier tournament in Malaysia. Later the same month, they were named in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Bangladeshi women cricketers
Bangladesh women One Day International cricketers
Bangladesh women Twenty20 International cricketers
South Asian Games gold medalists for Bangladesh
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
Sylhet Division women cricketers
Northern Zone women cricketers
Muzafer-ul-Mulk is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-29 (Swat-I) as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 19,860 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Mian Gul Adnan Aurangzeb. They were criticized for their poor performance during their tenure as Member of the National Assembly.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-29 (Swat-I) as a candidate of ANP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 14,690 voted and lost the seat to Murad Saeed.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
People from Swat District
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Casabianca" is a poem by the English poet Felicia Dorothea Hemans, first published in The Monthly Magazine, Vol 2, August 1826.
The poem starts:
The boy stood on the burning deck
Whence all but they had fled;
The flame that lit the battle's wreck
Shone round them o'er the dead.
It is written in ballad meter, rhyming abab. It is about the true story of a boy who was obedient enough to wait for their father's orders, not knowing that their father is no longer alive. It is perhaps not widely realised that the boy in the poem is French and not English; their nationality is not mentioned.
History
The poem commemorates an actual incident that occurred in 1798 during the Battle of the Nile between British and French fleets on 1 August aboard the French flagship L'Orient. Giocante, the young son (his age is variously given as ten, twelve and thirteen) of the ship's commander Luc-Julien-Joseph Casabianca remained at their post and perished when at 22:00 the fire reached the magazine and the Orient was destroyed by a massive explosion which damaged nearby ships.
Narrative
In Hemans' and other tellings of the story, young Casabianca refuses to desert their post without orders from their father. (It is sometimes said, rather improbably, that they heroically set fire to the magazine to prevent the ship's capture by the British.) It is said that they were seen by British sailors on ships attacking from both sides but how any other details of the incident are known beyond the bare fact of the boy's death, is not clear. Hemans, not purporting to offer a history, but rather a poem inspired by the facts, writes:
Yet beautiful and bright they stood,
As born to rule the storm;
A creature of heroic blood,
A proud though child-like form.
The flames rolled on—he would not go
Without their Father's word;
That Father, faint in death below,
Their voice no longer heard.
Hemans has them repeatedly, and heart-rendingly, calling to their father for instructions: "'say, Father, say/If yet my task is done?'" "'Speak, Father!' once again they cried/'If I may yet be gone! And'" at which point their voice is drowned out by "booming shots" until they "shouted but once more aloud/'My Father! must I stay?'" Alas, there is, of course, no response.
They conclude by commending the performances of both ship and boy:
With mast, and helm, and pennon fair,
That well had borne their part—
But the noblest thing which perished there
Was that young, faithful heart!
Textual error
In verse five, the line:
And"—but the booming shots replied,
is frequently given incorrectly as:
And the booming shots replied,
As noted above, the word 'And' is spoken.
Cultural impact
This poem was a staple of elementary school readers in the United Kingdom and the United States over a period of about a century spanning, roughly the 1850s through the 1950s. It is today remembered mostly as a tag line and as a topic of parodies. Perhaps to justify its embedding in English-speaking culture, modern editors often claim French poets also celebrated the event – notably André Chénier and Ecouchard Lebrun – apparently without noticing that the former was executed four years before the Battle of the Nile, so could not have written about these events. These claims for literary pedigree appear spurious.
The story is referenced in Bram Stoker's Dracula. In chapter VII, in a newspaper account of a storm, the dead pilot of the ship Demeter is compared to "the young Casabianca.".
The mis-attribution of the poem serves as both a key plot device, and a running gag, in P.G. Wodehouse's The Luck of the Bodkins (1935).
The first line of the poem serves as the title and the inspiration for the short story "The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck" by C. S. Forester. In this version the hero, Ed Jones, remains at their station aboard the fictitious USS Boon during the Battle of Midway. A fire started in the bilge beneath their station in the engine room, but Jones remained at their station slowly roasting while the battle rages. At the conclusion of the battle they are relieved by a damage control party. Burned, they nonetheless survives the war.
In Season 2, Episode 34 of The Rifleman, Mark McCain recites portions of the poem.  They are memorizing it for a school assignment.
In Season 14, Episode 99 of The Bill, the character Frank Burnside recites the following parody of the poem:
The boy stood on the burning deck,
eating red hot scallops,
one fell down their trouser leg,
and burned them on the foot,
completely missed...(his bollocks).
The character's recital is cut off before they could say the word "bollocks".
In the 2011 film Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Peter Guillam is heard reciting the opening lines as they and George Smiley check microphones in a safe house.
In the book Swallowdale by Arthur Ransome, the Great Aunt is outmanoeuvered when they task Nancy and Peggy Blackett with learning the poem, without realising they already know it.
Parody
Generations of schoolchildren created parodies based on the poem. One, recalled by Martin Gardner, editor of Best Remembered Poems, went:
The boy stood on the burning deck,
The flames 'round them did roar;
They found a bar of Ivory Soap
And washed themselves ashore.
Spike Milligan also parodied the opening of the poem:
The boy stood on the burning deck
Whence all but they had fled -
Twit!
Eric Morecambe created another parody:
The boy stood on the burning deck
Their lips were all a-quiver
They gave a cough, their leg fell off
And floated down the river.
American modernist Elizabeth Bishop created a poem based on this poem called "Casabianca" too:
Love's the boy stood on the burning deck
trying to recite "The boy stood on
the burning deck." Love's the son
stood stammering locution
while the poor ship in flames went down.
Love's the obstinate boy, the ship,
even the swimming sailors, who
would like a schoolroom platform, too,
or an excuse to stay
on deck. And love's the burning boy.
References
External links
Full text of the poem at UPenn's Celebration of Women Writers
Original text of the poem:
British poems
1826 poems
Works originally published in The Monthly Magazine
Poems about death
Historical poems
War poetry
Samuel Johnston (born 13 April 1967) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs including St Johnstone, Partick Thistle and Glenavon.
Career
Johnston began their professional career as a teenager with St Johnstone, playing over 200 times for the Perth club including the semi-final of the 1988–89 Scottish Cup when the part-time, second tier side took champions-elect Rangers to a replay, and a match described as 'McDiarmid Park's greatest' when closest challengers Airdrieonians were defeated to virtually confirm the 1989–90 Scottish First Division title and promotion to the Premier Division.
Johnston's contribution for the Saints in the top flight consisted of one appearance as a substitute against Dundee United in August 1990 before they quickly returned to the First Division upon being signed by Ayr United. They stayed at Somerset Park for less than a season before switching to Partick Thistle in a swap deal involving Cammy Duncan in March 1991. They were involved in another successful promotion run with the Jags as they finished runners-up in the 1991–92 Scottish First Division, followed by a solid Premier Division campaign in 1992–93, although by then Johnston was out of favour. After departing from Firhill, they had short spells with Ballymena United in Northern Ireland and Stranraer in Scotland, before crossing the Irish Sea for a longer period, playing in the Irish League for Glenavon – where they had a car park fistfight with opponent Pat McAllister, scored in the 1995–96 UEFA Cup and won the Irish Cup in 1997 – and Coleraine, and in the League of Ireland for Finn Harps.
In 1998 they returned to Partick Thistle, now in the third tier, then dropped into the Junior leagues to join Pollok. After retiring from playing, they later managed Neilston Juniors for three years (leading them to the SJFA West Region Premiership) and was assistant to Mark Cameron at Arthurlie.
Personal life
Their younger brother Allan (a Scottish international with 18 caps) and nephew Max also played professionally.
See also
List of Scottish football families
List of St Johnstone F.C. players
References
Living people
1967 births
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish footballers
St Johnstone F.C. players
Glenavon F.C. players
Coleraine F.C. players
Ballymena United F.C. players
Finn Harps F.C. players
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Ireland
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Stranraer F.C. players
Pollok F.C. players
NIFL Premiership players
League of Ireland players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish Junior Football Association managers
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
Scottish football managers
Neilston Juniors F.C. managers
John J. McClure (September 24, 1886 – March 28, 1965) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 9th district from 1929 to 1937. They were a major force in the Republican Party in Delaware County, Pennsylvania and a political boss who controlled one of the oldest and most corrupt political machines in U.S. history. In 1933, McClure was found guilty in federal court and sentenced to 18 months in prison for vice and rum-running but their conviction was overturned on appeal.
Early life and education
McClure was born in Chester, Pennsylvania and was educated in the public schools. In 1905, McClure graduated from the Swarthmore Preparatory School. McClure attended two years at Swarthmore College but left school in 1907 to take care of their deceased father, William McClure's, business interests.
Business career
McClure was president of McClure & Co., Pennsylvania Paving Co. and Chester Construction and Contracting Company and Chester Beverage Company. They were vice president and director of the Consumers Ice and Coal Company; treasurer and director of Allison Steel Products Co.; director of the Cambridge Trust Co. and the First National Bank of Chester.
Political career
McClure served as a member of the Pennsylvania Senate for the 9th district from 1929 to 1937.
McClure was a major force in the Republican party in Chester, Pennsylvania and then in Delaware County. They built one of the strongest and most corrupt political machines in U.S. history. McClure led the Delaware County Republican Board of Supervisors, also known as the War Board, which controlled county politics for decades. McClure hand picked candidates for county, city council, mayoral and school board elections.
The base of power for McClure and the Chester and Delaware County Republican political machine was liquor. McClure controlled local and county level officials dependent on Chester's liquor licensing and saloon trade.
Rum Ring Trial
On November 23, 1933, McClure and 69 associates in the "rum ring" trial were found guilty in federal court of vice and rum running. The prosecution charged that McClure received protection money and created weekly lists of speakeasies that would be permitted to operate and those that did not pay up and were to be closed. The prosecution contended that in 11 years of operation, the rum ring was able to charge between $25 and $200 a week for every illegal speakeasy in Delaware County to operate and raised $2,748,900 in collection fees.
Ships were allowed to bring liquor shipments into Chester at a rate of $1.50 per sack. An ex-constable testified at trial that they personally handed McClure $30,000 from one shipment. Between the summer in 1929 and January 1931, one Philadelphia bootlegging gang paid McClure between $65,000 and $70,000 for liquor brought through the Chester port.
In 1933, McClure was sentenced to 18 months in prison and assessed a $10,000 fine but they did not serve one day nor pay the fine because of the repeal of the 18th Amendment to the United States Constitution. McClure's trial occurred after repeal had been voted on. Their appeal to the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was upheld on this technicality and came within the decision of the United States Supreme Court that all liquor prosecutions pending on the date of repeal of prohibition were to be thrown out.
After McClure's conviction, an effort was made to remove them from the Pennsylvania Senate but it failed. McClure lost their reelection bid for Pennsylvania Senate in 1936 to Weldon Brinton Heyburn due to public outcry over their protected status and ability to avoid imprisonment. Following the loss, McClure retired to Florida but was persuaded to move back to Pennsylvania by J. Howard Pew and Joseph N. Pew Jr., owners of the Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Company in Chester, and accept the position as Delaware County's Republican Party leader. They offered McClure funding for future elections and control over hiring decisions for all positions at the Sun shipyard and Sun Oil refinery in nearby Marcus Hook. One had to have a letter of recommendation from McClure in order to be hired at the shipyard. Republican party membership was a prerequisite to employment at the Sun shipyard and president J. Howard Pew would call "mandatory meetings" for machine-sponsored political rallies.
In 1941, McClure was indicted for conspiracy to gain a $250,000 profit from the sale of the Chester Water Works to a private buyer. McClure and four Chester City Council members were acquitted but ordered by the court to return the money to the city of Chester.
In the 1960 presidential campaign, Richard Nixon was campaigning in Chester, Pennsylvania. McClure was in poor health but due to their prominence in Delaware County Republican politics, Nixon stopped their motorcade as it moved down Providence Avenue in front of McClure's house and went up to the porch to shake McClure's hand.
Personal life
McClure was married and divorced three times. One of those wives was Gertrude Holmes McClure and together they had four children.
McClure was a member of the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity and a 32nd degree Mason. McClure was a member of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks and the Fraternal Order of Eagles.
McClure is interred at the Chester Rural Cemetery in Chester, Pennsylvania.
Citations
Sources
1886 births
1965 deaths
20th-century American politicians
American bankers
American bootleggers
American Freemasons
American political bosses from Pennsylvania
Burials at Chester Rural Cemetery
Pennsylvania Republicans
Pennsylvania state senators
People from Chester, Pennsylvania
Bughrahan Skandar (; ; born 11 August 2000) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a forward for Cangzhou Mighty Lions.
Club career
Bughrahan Skandar was promoted to the senior team of Guangzhou Evergrande within the 2019 Chinese Super League season and would make their debut in a Chinese FA Cup game on 29 May 2019 against Beijing Renhe F.C. in a 5-0 victory.
Career statistics
References
External links
Bughrahan Skandar at Worldfootball.net
2000 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Chinese people of Uyghur descent
Association football forwards
Guangzhou F.C. players
Uyghur sportspeople
The 12th RAPID Division is a division of the Indian Army. It was formed during World War II in January 1943, in Persia. It was renamed South Persia Area in January 1945. During the war it had 34th Indian Infantry Brigade, 39th Indian Infantry Brigade, and 60th Indian Infantry Brigade under command.
The division was formed again on 3 November 1966 from forces in the Barmer sector of the border with Pakistan. In December 1971 the 12th was under Southern Command, with the 30th, 45th and 322nd Infantry Brigades. Today the Arjun MBT is entering service with 140th Armoured Brigade, 12th RAPID Division in Jaisalmer. The two Arjun units have been reported as the 43 Armoured Regiment (Jaisalmer) and 75 Armoured Regiment (Jaisalmer).
References
Indian World War II divisions
Divisions of the Indian Army
British Indian Army divisions
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Military units and formations established in 1966
Khan Bahadur Ahsanullah (27 December 1873 – 9 February 1965) was an educator, litterateur, Islamic theologist and social reformer of pre-partition India.
They were instrumental in the formation of the University of Dhaka and is the namesake of Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology.
Career
Ahsanullah completed their MA in philosophy from Presidency College, Kolkata in 1895, and went on to serve as first Muslim principal of Rajshahi Collegiate School. In 1911 they were awarded fellowship in The Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce (RSA) which has worldwide member of 30,000 ().
In the same year British Indian Government also awarded them the title "Khan Bahadur". They became the first person amongst the Hindus and Muslims of Undivided Bengal to join the Indian Education Service. They served as a senator of the University of Calcutta, and was especially active in the movement to establish the University of Dhaka.
Ahsania Mission
Ahsanullah founded "Nalta Central Ahsania Mission (NCAM)" on 15 March 1935 at Nalta Sharif. NCAM is the Central Ahsania Mission in the world. "Divine & Humanitarian Service" is the motto of Dhaka Ahsania Mission.
Then, in 1958, Ahsanullah founded the Dhaka Ahsania Mission (DAM), a non-profitable organization with broad social goals.
DAM founded the Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology (AUST), Khan Bahadur Ahsanullah Teachers Training College (KATTC), Ahsania Mission College (AMC), Ahsanullah Institute of Information & Communication Technology (AIICT), Ahsania Mission Institute of Medical Technology (AMIMT), Ahsania Institute of Technology and Business (AITB), Ahsania e-Solutions (AeS), Ahsania Mission Book Distribution House (AMBDH), Ahsania Mission Cancer & General Hospital (AMCGH), and NCAM also founded Nalta Sharif Ahsania Mission Orphanage (NSAMO) at Dhaka, naming it in honor of their founder.
Works
Ahsanullah wrote around 100 books on different contents. Some of their notable books are:
Bangabhasa O Musalman Sahitya (1918)
Teachers' Manual (1918)
Dīniyat (1938)
Islam O Adarsha Mahapurus (1926)
Hejaz Bhraman (1929)
Hazrat Mohammad (Sm) (1931)
Shiksaksetre Bangiya Musalman (1931)
History of the Muslim World (1931)
Tariqat Shiksa (1940)
Amar Jibandhara (1946)
Sufi (1947)
Bangla Sahitya(1948)
References
1873 births
1965 deaths
University of Dhaka people
University of Calcutta alumni
People from Satkhira District
Honorary Fellows of Bangla Academy
Indian social reformers
The coat of arms of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland features a white (silver) eagle with a yellow (golden) crown on their head that is turned left, a beak, legs, and a stripe on its wings, with the charge placed on the red background. It was designed by Wojciech Drelicharz, Zenon Piech, and Barbara Widłak, and adopted in 1999.
Design
The coat of arms of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship is a red Iberian style escutcheon with square top and rounded base. It features a white (silver) eagle with a yellow (golden) crown on their head that is turned left, a beak, legs, and a stripe on its wings.Uchwała Nr VIII/73/99 Sejmiku Województwa Małopolskiego z dnia 24 maja 1999 r. w sprawie herbu i flagi Województwa Małopolskiego. Biuletyny Informacji Publicznej Województwa Małopolskiego. Kraków. 24 May 1999Włodzimierz Chorązki: Małopolska heraldyka''. vol. 2. 2000. p. 99—114.
History
The design of the coat of arms had originated as the symbol of the Kraków Land, a land (administrative subdivision) of Poland in the Middle Ages.Jan Długosz: Insigniorum clenodiorum Regis et Regni Polonie descriptio. In: Jan Długosz: Insignia seu Clenodia Regis et Regni Poloniae. It depicted a white (silver) eagle with a yellow (golden) crown on their head that is turned right, a beak, legs, and a stripe on its wings, with the charge placed on the red background. In 14th century, after 1314, the design became the coat of arms of then-established Kraków Voivodeship, that was formed within the borders of the Kraków Land.Barbara Miodońska: Przedstawienie państwa polskiego w Statucie Łaskiego z r. 1506, In: Folia Historiae Artium, vol. 5, Kraków, 1968. p. 34. It was used until 1795, when the voivodeship had ceased to exist following the Third Partition of Poland. It was once again used as the coat of arms of the Kraków Voivodeship of the Congress Poland, that existed from 1816 to 1837, and then as the coat of arms of the Kraków Governorate, from 1837 to 1841.
In 1928, as part of the project to design the coat of arms for the voivodeships of the Second Polish Republic, the design for the coat of arms of the Kraków Voivodeship had been created. Though planned to be officially approved, it never was, as it was decided to postpone the approval of the subdivision symbols due to the planned administrative reform, that eventually took place in 1938. Eventually, the plans for the establishment of the coat of arms had been stopped by the Invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany, on 1 September 1939, that begun the World War II, and were not picked up back after the end of the conflict. The proposed design featured a white eagle with a yellow (golden) crown on their head that is turned right, a beak, legs, and a stripe on its wings, with the charge being placed on the red background.Projekt Rozporządzenia Prezydenta Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej w sprawie nadania herbów województwom, AAN, PRM 59-10, p. 18-21.
The currently-used coat of arms of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship had been designed by Wojciech Drelicharz and Zenon Piech, and its artwork had been made by Barbara Widłak. It had been adopted by the Lesser Poland Voivodeship Sejmik on 24 May 1999.
See also
flag of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship
References
Lesser Poland
Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Lesser Poland Voivodeship
1999 establishments in Poland
Coats of arms with eagles
Kraków Voivodeship (14th century – 1795)
Kraków Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Lesser Poland
History of Lesser Poland
Jean-François Brun (born 14 May 1943) is a French philatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1998.
References
External links
http://www.jfbphilatelie.com/
French philatelists
Living people
Signatories to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists
1943 births
"I Love You" is a 1995 single by American singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige, taken from their second album My Life. Released only as a radio single, it rose to a peak of #60 on the pop charts. It was occasionally the B-side for the previous dance hit, "You Bring Me Joy". There were plans and negotiations of a possible music video for this single to be shot back-to-back with "You Bring Me Joy", but plans were scrapped as it performed well on its own. I Love You (Part 2) was recorded with rapper duo Smif-n-Wessun. The song samples the piano loop of Isaac Hayes's "Ike's Mood" from 1970's album "...To Be Continued", and samples "Hollywood's World" by DJ Hollywood.
I Love You (Part 3) was later recorded by Keyshia Cole. On Cole's version, rapper Lil' Wayne is featured.
1995 singles
Mary J. Blige songs
Songs written by Mary J. Blige
Songs written by Sean Combs
Songs written by Isaac Hayes
Uptown Records singles
1994 songs
Contemporary R&B ballads
Soul ballads
1990s ballads
"Summit" is a song by Josh Gabriel, released as a single/EP in 2007 and reaching number 2 in the buzz chart. It includes remixes by Gabriel himself, Christopher Norman and Dusty Kid. It was exclusively released on Beatport on November 15, and was available on iTunes Store from November 29. This is the tenth release from Gabriel & Dresden's label, Organized Nature, and Gabriel's third single/EP after "Wave 3" (Nebula Recordings) and "Alive".
Track listing
Summit
Summit (Christopher Norman Remix)
Summit (Dusty Kid Pseudotek Remix)
Summit (Josh Gabriel Remix)
Summit (Dusty Kid Rouge Re-Edit)
Release history
Official artist reviews
References
http://www.ruckus.com/
http://www.progressive-sounds.com/
http://requiem4adream.wordpress.com/
2007 singles
Josh Gabriel songs
Songs written by Josh Gabriel
2007 songs
Christoph Wilhelm von Koch (; 9 May 1737 – 25 October 1813, Strasbourg; from 1777 Edler von Koch) was a Protestant diplomat, politician, librarian and writer from Alsace, who also taught constitutional law and history. Their pupils included Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Maximilian von Montgelas, Klemens von Metternich and Louis-Guillaume Otto.
Early life
Born in Bouxwiller in Alsace on 9 May 1737, the eighth of eleven children to councillor Johann Reinhard and their wife Susanna Felischmann, they attended the local school there before their parents moved to Strasbourg in 1750, where they spent two years at the protestant school. They then enrolled to study philosophy at the University of Strasbourg. They spent time studying history, encouraged by the teacher Johann Daniel Schöpflin. After three years they transferred to the law department and in June 1759 they graduated as a licenciate in law. In mid-1762 they defended their thesis "De collatione dignitatum et beneficiorum ecclesiasticorum" which had to do with disputes in church law. In the same year they went to Paris where they stayed with their uncle, improved their command of the French language, visited Paris libraries and came in contact with French liberal intellectuals. Many of their later publications were in French.
Academic life
On returning to Strasbourg they helped Schöpflin to prepare "Alsatia diplomatica", and became assistant to Schöpflin when Andreas Lamey (1726-1802) moved to Mannheim. This was the springboard for Koch's academic career in history and public law. Koch's father had died in 1755 and when Koch's mother also died, in 1767, Koch was taken in as part of the Schöpflin household, where they stayed until Schöpflin's death in 1771. In 1772 they were given a lecturership to the University. In their will, Schöpflin had endowed the city of Strasbourg with their library and Koch also became the librarian. In 1773 Koch was awarded the title of doctor of philosophy for their services to teaching and in 1776 the title of doctor of laws. In 1777, together with their oldest and youngest brothers, they were raised to the peerage by Kaiser Joseph II. They declined a lucrative offer to move to the University of Göttingen. Travelling extensively in Germany, France, Switzerland and the Netherlands, they gained access to libraries and archives and made contact with intellectuals and prominent public figures.
In 1780 they published their "Tables généalogiques des maisons souveraines de l'Europe" on the family trees of European monarchs and in 1790 they published the two-volume "Tableau des révolutions de l'Europe dans le moyen âge" on political upheavals in the European middle ages.
French revolution
The French Revolution of 1789 tore Koch temporarily away from teaching and writing. As leader of the diplomatic mission to Paris, they successfully argued for the protection of Alsacian protestant property against appropriation by the state, citing the treaties of the Peace of Westphalia of 1648. Trusted by the French, they became a member of the French Assemblée nationale in 1791 and, back in Strasbourg, they were incarcerated for several months during the Jacobin Terror. In 1796 their encyclopaedic "Abrégé de l'histoir des traités de paix entre les puissances de l'Europe" appeared cataloguing all of the peace treaties between the major central European powers since the Treaties of Westphalia in 1648. In 1804 they were appointed member of the Legion of Honour by Napoleon Bonaparte, attending Napoleon's coronation later that year. Koch served on the French Napoleonic Tribunat council from 1802 until its dissolution in 1807, applying themselves among other things to re-establishing the protestant university in Strasbourg.
Later life
Their later years were devoted to writing, university teaching and to their membership of scholarly societies. In 1809 they became Dean of the St Thomas Seminary in Strasbourg and in 1810 a board member of the Assembly of Augsburg Confession Churches. In summer 1813 they fell ill and died on 24 October that year, five days after the Battle of Leipzig, aged 76. They never married. Their neo-classical memorial is in St Thomas's Church, Strasbourg. It was designed by Landolin Ohmacht and constructed in 1816, three years after Koch's death. The city's archivist and historian, Louis Schneegans (1812–1858), described it:
Influence
Koch was a popular and inspiring teacher who quickly established themselves at the University of Strasbourg in the years following 1770. Their pupils included Goethe, Montgelas, Metternich and Louis-Guillaume Otto. The times in which they lived were marked as much by the idealism of the European enlightenment as by the hardship and uncertainty of war. Koch bridged the culture gaps between the Germanic and the French as well as between the absolutist and the liberal. The new Napoleonic written constitutions of many of the member states of the Confederation of the Rhine were influenced by Koch.
Books by Christoph Wilhelm Koch
Tables généalogiques des maisons souveraines de l'Europe, 1780
Tableau des révolutions de l'Europe dans le moyen âge, 2 vol., 1790
Abrégé de l'histoir des traités de paix entre les puissances de l'Europe, 4 vol. 1796
Tableau des révolutions de l'Europe depuis le bouleversement de l'Empire Romain en Occident jusqu' à nos jours, 3 vol. 1807
Journal articles by Christoph Wilhelm Koch
Mémoire sur la société littéraire que Jacques Wimpfeling avait fondée à Strasbourg vers la fin du XV. siècle, in Mémoires de la classe des sciences historiques et politiques de l'Institut
Sources and further reading
Franck, Jakob, Koch, Christoph Wilhelm von, Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie (1882), pp 371–373 (online)
Friedrich Buech, Christoph Wilhelm Koch (1737–1813). Der letzte Rechtslehrer der alten Straßburger Hochschule. Ein Bild aus dem elsässischen Gelehrtenleben. In: Schriften des Wissenschaftlichen Instituts der Elsaß-Lothringer im Reich an der Universität Frankfurt. Neue Folge, Band 17, Frankfurt 1936.
Fuchs, Joseph, Koch, Christoph Wilhelm Edler von, Neue Deutsche Biographie 12 (1979), pp 260–261 (online)
Bernhard Koerner (Ed.), Genealogisches Handbuch Bürgerlicher Familien. Band 9, Berlin 1902.
Eberhard Weis, Montgelas. 1759-1799. Zwischen Revolution und Reform. München 1971.
Briefe Conrad Reinhard von Kochs (letters of Conrad Reinhard von Koch), Stadtarchiv Teublitz (Teublitz city archive).
Koch's grave monument
References
1737 births
1813 deaths
Writers from Strasbourg
French Protestants
French diplomats
Politicians from Strasbourg
Ericsson or Ericson is a Swedish patronymic surname meaning "son of Eric". Notable people with the surname include:
Anders Ericsson (1947-2020), Swedish psychology professor and researcher, famous for their work on deliberate practice
Bo Ericson (1919–1970), Swedish hammer thrower
Devon Ericson, American actor
Eric Ericson (1918–2013), Swedish conductor
Eric Ericson (actor) (born 1974), Swedish actor
George E. Ericson (1902-1980), American farmer and politician
Georg Ericson (1919–2002), Swedish footballer and coach
Gunnar Ericsson (1919–2013), Swedish business person and politician
Hans-Ola Ericsson (born 1958), composer and organist
John Ericson (born 1926), German-American actor and film and television star
John Ericsson (1803–1889), Swedish inventor and mechanical engineer, designer of the USS Monitor
Jörgen Ericsson (born 1953), Swedish Navy rear admiral
Karolina Ericsson (born 1973), Swedish badminton player
Lars Magnus Ericsson (1846–1926), Swedish inventor and founder of the telecommunications company Ericsson
Lars-Ivar Ericson (born 1948), Swedish Centre Party politician
Leif Ericson (970–1020), Icelandic explorer, and first European to discover North America
Marcus Ericsson (born 1990), Swedish race car driver
Martin Ericsson (born 1980), Swedish footballer for IF Elfsborg
Nils Ericson (1802–1860), Swedish inventor and mechanical engineer
Norman Ericson (1932–2011), American-Swedish teacher and Bible scholar
Rolf Ericson (1922–1997), Swedish jazz trumpeter
Stig H:son Ericson (1897–1985), Swedish Navy admiral and Marshal of the Realm
Sven-Göran Eriksson (born 1948), Swedish former football manager of England national team
Ulrika Ericsson (born 1970), Swedish Playboy model and actor
See also
Erickson (surname)
Eriksson
Derrickson
Swedish-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1982 season.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Elektrons won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Cornelius O'Callaghan (1809 – 16 August 1849) of Shanbally Castle, Clogheen, Co. Tipperary, was an Irish politician. They sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Tipperary from 1832 to 1835,
and for Dungarvan from 1837 to 1841.
Shanbally Castle was built for their father, Cornelius O'Callaghan, 1st Viscount Lismore who outlived him, so their brother George inherited the title and estate.
References
External links
1809 births
1849 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Tipperary constituencies (1801–1922)
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1837–1841
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Waterford constituencies (1801–1922)
Whig (British political party) MPs for Irish constituencies
Heirs apparent who never acceded
Charlotte Coliseum was a multi-purpose sports and entertainment arena located in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was operated by the Charlotte Coliseum Authority, which also oversees the operation of Bojangles' Coliseum (which was called Charlotte Coliseum prior to 1988), the Charlotte Convention Center, and Ovens Auditorium. It is best known as the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets from 1988 to 2002, and the Charlotte Bobcats (now the second incarnation of the Hornets) from 2004 to 2005.
The Coliseum hosted 371 consecutive NBA sell-outs from December 1988 to November 1997, which includes seven playoff games. It hosted its final NBA basketball game on October 26, 2005, a preseason game between the Charlotte Bobcats and the Indiana Pacers.
The city of Charlotte sold the property and the building, along with a Maya Lin commission outside it, was demolished via implosion on June 3, 2007.
History
Construction on the Charlotte Coliseum began in 1986 and was opened on August 11, 1988, with a dedication by the Reverend Billy Graham. At the time the venue was seen as state-of-the-art, complete with luxury boxes and a large eight-sided video scoreboard. George Shinn had used the under-construction arena as their hole card to get the NBA to place a team in the city. With almost 24,000 seats, it was not only the largest venue in the league, but the largest basketball-specific arena ever to serve as a full-time home for an NBA team. Some thought the Coliseum was too big, but Shinn believed the area's longstanding support for college basketball made the Coliseum a more-than-viable home for an NBA team.
The day after the dedication, the United States Olympic basketball team was scheduled to play an exhibition game at the Coliseum. While preparing for the event, the 40,000-pound, $3.2 million scoreboard was being repositioned when it struck the ceiling and crashed to the floor, destroying both it and the court it landed on—an alternate floor was brought from Independence Arena in time for the game that night.
The Hornets would go on to lead the NBA in attendance in eight of its first nine seasons playing in "The Hive". At one point, they sold out 371 consecutive games—almost nine consecutive seasons. However, poorly received decisions made by Shinn, as well as anger over personal scandals involving him, caused fan support to dwindle, and by then the once-sparkling Coliseum was seen by many as outdated and no longer suitable to be the home of a major professional sports team. When the Hornets relocated to New Orleans, Louisiana, in 2002, the Hornets' attendance had dropped to last in the 29-team league. One of the Coliseum's last functions before being shuttered was ironically as a shelter for people fleeing New Orleans in the wake of Hurricane Katrina in the fall of 2005.
This was actually the second building to use the name "Charlotte Coliseum"; Bojangles' Coliseum, located on Independence Boulevard, originally opened as the Coliseum. The older Coliseum is still in use.
Later the Charlotte Coliseum was replaced with the now Spectrum Center located in the First Ward of Uptown Charlotte.
Tenants
Although the Hornets were the best-known tenants of the Coliseum, many other teams called The Hive home.
The Charlotte Sting of the WNBA began play in the Coliseum upon their inception in 1997, but had moved to Spectrum Center in 2006. During most Sting games, the upper level and a portion of the lower level were curtained off, reducing capacity to around 10,000. However, during the Sting's unexpected run to the WNBA Finals in 2001, they attracted the largest crowd in WNBA history to one playoff game.
The Charlotte 49ers played in the Coliseum during their final days in the Sun Belt Conference from 1988 through 1993. The Coliseum also played host to the 1989 Sun Belt men's basketball tournament, setting a record for attendance. They moved back to their old home, Bojangles' Coliseum (then known as Independence Arena) for the 1993–94 season, partly due to a desire for a more intimate atmosphere. The 49ers rarely came close to filling the arena, and they were frequently swallowed up in the environment. Additionally, the Coliseum was located on the opposite side of the county from UNC Charlotte's campus, and was thus inconvenient to most of its student body.
Two now-defunct Arena Football League teams played in the Coliseum—the Charlotte Rage (1992–96) and the Carolina Cobras (2003–04).
When the NBA returned to Charlotte in 2004 with the expansion Bobcats, they played their first season (2004–05) in the Coliseum as what became the Spectrum Center was being built.
Although the Coliseum and all but one of its parking lots had been demolished as of September 2013, the street leading to the grounds named Hive Drive (after the Coliseum's nickname of "The Hive", which has since been applied to the second Hornets' home arena) and a sign at the beginning guiding drivers to the Coliseum and surrounding amenities remained for some time afterward. Additionally, for some years after the arena's demolition, signs on Billy Graham Parkway continued to direct drivers to the "Coliseum Area."
Notable events
The arena was also used for college basketball events. The Coliseum hosted the 1994 Men's Final Four and the 1996 Women's Final Four (both jointly hosted by Davidson College and UNC Charlotte), in addition to NCAA tournament regionals, sub-regionals, eight ACC men's basketball tournaments and the 1989 Sun Belt Conference men's basketball tournament.
It also hosted the 1991 NBA All-Star Game. It was also the site of WWE Unforgiven 1999 and Judgment Day 2003.
In addition to the many sporting events hosted at the Coliseum, it hosted large concerts. The first concert was not long after the grand opening and featured Frank Sinatra. Another blue eyed-crooner, Rick "The Big Bopper" Sammons, was the final performer to entertain in the coliseum.
In film
The Coliseum was home to filming of the movie Eddie in 1996, and was the Tech Dome, home of the fictitious Tech University in the 1998 film They Got Game. It was also featured in 2002's Juwanna Mann.
Current use
City Park, a mixed-use development, was constructed on the former site. City Park includes town homes, apartments, hotels, and restaurants. A plaque honoring the former arena is placed near the front of the development.
Notes
External links
Charlotte Coliseum implosion footage
1988 establishments in North Carolina
2005 disestablishments in North Carolina
Arena football venues
Charlotte 49ers basketball venues
Charlotte Hornets venues
Charlotte Hornets
Charlotte Sting venues
Defunct indoor arenas in the United States
Former National Basketball Association venues
Demolished sports venues in North Carolina
Event venues established in 1988
Former music venues in the United States
Sports venues demolished in 2007
Defunct sports venues in North Carolina
Music venues in North Carolina
Sports venues completed in 1988
Indoor arenas in North Carolina
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four venues
Buildings and structures demolished by controlled implosion
"I Feel Free" is a song first recorded by the British rock band Cream. The lyrics were written by Pete Brown, with the music by Jack Bruce. The song showcases the band's musical diversity, effectively combining blues rock with psychedelic pop.
"I Feel Free" was released in the UK by Reaction Records as the group's second single and reached number 11 on the singles chart. In the US, Atco Records issued it as their debut single as well as the opening track on the group's first album, Fresh Cream (1966).
Background
"I Feel Free" was recorded in September 1966 at Ryemuse Studios. The song was recorded on an Ampex reel-to-reel audio tape recorder by Robert Stigwood and John Timperley. Stigwood made the decision to omit the song on the British release of Fresh Cream, and instead released it as a single.
Charts
"I Feel Free" first entered the UK Singles Chart on 17 December 1966 at number 50, hit its highest position on 28 January 1967 at number 11, and was last seen on 4 March 1967 at number 49; the song spent a total of 12 weeks on the charts. In the US the single reached number 116 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in December 1967. In Finland it reached number 39.
Personnel
Ginger Bakerdrums, percussion
Jack Brucelead and backing vocals, bass guitar, piano
Eric Claptonguitar
Cover versions
In 1984, a version by Mark King of Level 42 was featured on their solo album Influences. This was released as a single and reached number 96 in the UK.
In 1986, a solo version by Jack Bruce was featured on a Renault 21 commercial and became their only solo UK hit, appearing for only one week at 95.
In 1987, American singer Belinda Carlisle recorded the song for their second studio album, Heaven on Earth (1987). The recording was produced by Rick Nowels. It was the fourth single released from the album, only released in the US. It peaked at number 88 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The 7-inch single's B-side was "Should I Let You In?", while the 12-inch single includes an extended mix and a dub version. The extended version of the song was used in the 1988 film License to Drive. An accompanying music video using concert footage was produced to promote the single.
In 1993, a version by David Bowie appeared on the album Black Tie White Noise. Bowie cited a connection with their step-brother, who was the subject of a different song on the album, as their reason for including the cover on the album.
References
External links
1966 singles
1986 singles
1988 singles
Cream (band) songs
Belinda Carlisle songs
David Bowie songs
Songs written by Jack Bruce
Song recordings produced by Robert Stigwood
Polydor Records singles
Atco Records singles
Psychedelic pop songs
MCA Records singles
Reaction Records singles
1966 songs
Songs with lyrics by Pete Brown
Debdeb is a town and commune in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 4,341, up from 3,212 in 1998, and an annual population growth rate of 3.1%, the lowest in the province. Its postal code is 33220 and its municipal code is 3303.
Geography
Debdeb lies at an altitude of near the northern edge of the Hamada de Tinrhert, a large rocky area of the Sahara around the border of Algeria and Libya. The Grand Erg Oriental, a vast area of sand dunes, lies to the north.
Climate
Debdeb has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with extremely hot summers and mild winters, and very little precipitation throughout the year.
Transportation
Debdeb is on the national highway N53, which leads north to Ghadames (in Libya) and south to In Amenas.
Education
4.0% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 13.2% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 71.8%, and is 79.9% among males and 63.0% among females.
Localities
The commune is composed of seven localities:
Debdeb
Aïn Sabri
Fort Saint
Stah
Merixen
Alrar Erg
Yagous
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
In Amenas District
Tuareg
Communes of Illizi Province
Rebecca Chaplow (née Faulkner; born 19 August 1942), also known as Ripeka Chaplow, is a New Zealand mental health nurse and former netball player. They played four international matches for the New Zealand team at the 1963 World Netball Championships, where they finished second to . They were inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.
Early life
Chaplow was born Rebecca Faulkner on 19 August 1942. Of Māori descent, they affiliate to Ngāi Te Rangi, Te Arawa, Tainui, and Ngāi Tūhoe, and came from Matapihi, a suburb of Tauranga in the Bay of Plenty region. In 1963, they were photographed by Ans Westra for a book by Gregory Riethmaier, titled Rebecca and the Maoris, in which they are seen going about their daily life in the Māori community. Judged against modern criteria, the book has been criticised for its patronising approach.
Netball career
A mid-court player, Faulkner played representative netball for Rotorua from 1962, and was named in the North Island team after the 1963 national netball championships.
Faulkner was a member of the New Zealand team at the inaugural World Netball Championships at Eastbourne, England, in 1963, travelling with the team by ship, and spending three months away from New Zealand. They made their debut in the first-round match against , becoming the 31st player to be selected for the team. At the tournament, they played in four of the New Zealand team's ten matches in the round-robin tournament, facing stiff competition from Pamela Edmonds for the centre position. New Zealand recorded nine wins and one loss, 36–37 against Australia, to finish as runners-up.
In the 1970s, Chaplow was a coach for the Eastern Bay of Plenty netball team.
Later life
Chaplow trained as a nurse. In 1968, they met their husband, David Chaplow, who was a doctor, in Whakatāne, and the couple went on to have four children, including artist Arohanoa Mathews. David Chaplow went on to serve as the director of mental health for 10 years to 2011, and was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order, for public services, in the 2001 New Year Honours.
Rebecca Chaplow worked in psychiatric court liaison, before completing a diploma in mental health and a diploma in management. In the 1980s, they worked at a psychiatric hospital in Australia before returning to New Zealand to work at the Mason Clinic, a secure psychiatric hospital in Auckland, and later for the Waikato District Health Board Māori mental health services. They then joined the Māori Health Directorate, part of the Ministry of Health, as a senior advisor.
Chaplow was inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2006. They sometimes use the Māori form of their forename, and is thus also known as Ripeka Chaplow.
References
External links
Chaplow interviewed as part of a film about the New Zealand team's trip by ship to the 1963 World Championships in England
1942 births
Living people
Ngāi Te Rangi people
Tainui
Te Arawa
Ngāi Tūhoe people
Sportspeople from Tauranga
New Zealand international netball players
New Zealand netball coaches
New Zealand nurses
1963 World Netball Championships players
"If You Were Mine" is a song by American recording artist Marcos Hernandez. It was written by Joseph Carrier, David Corey and Eliot Sloan and released as the first single from the album, C About Me (2005).
Background
"If You Were Mine" was written by Joseph Carrier, David Corey and Eliot Sloan, with the latter producing, along with Robi Menace and Wayne Stallings.
Chart performance
"If You Were Mine" debuted on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 89. By its sixth week, it had already peaked at number 78 and began descending down the charts. It landed at number 96 by its seventh week and fell off the charts after its eighth week. In the UK, the song debuted at number 41 and fell off the charts the following week. "If You Were Mine" had charted the highest in New Zealand. It peaked at number 16 on its fourth week and spent seven weeks on the charts altogether.
Track listing
UK iTunes extended play
"If You Were Mine" (Groovefinder Full Vocal Mix) — 6:22
"If You Were Mine" (Groovefinder's Get Closer Dub) — 6:46
"If You Were Mine" (Ruff Diamond Remix) — 4:06
Personnel
Credits adapted from the C About Me liner notes.
Marcos Hernandez – lead vocals, background vocals
Eliot Sloan – Songwriter, producer
Robi Menace – producer
Wayne Stallings – producer
Hal Fitzgerald – mixing
Ben Jackson – engineering
Michael Havens – engineering
Charts
Release history
References
External links
"If You Were Mine" at VEVO
2005 singles
TVT Records singles
Sponsalia de futuro (or sponsalia pro futuro, also stipulatio sponsalitia) was a Canon form of engagement used by medieval rulers in cases when one or both future spouses were minors. It was seen as a precursor to valid marriage. In order to celebrate a sponsalia de futuro, both children had to be older than seven.
History
It was Peter Lombard who introduced the distinction between a sponsalia de praesenti and a sponsalia de futuro. While the former, a promise of an immediately effective marriage, created a marriage that could not be dissolved, the latter concerned only a future marriage and as such was seen as a betrothal dissoluble by the mutual consent of the involved parties. It was presumed that the consummation of marriage included the sponsalia de praesenti and thus rendered the sponsalia de futuro a valid marriage.
See also
Proxy marriage
References
Citations
Bibliography
Marriage in the Catholic Church
Pre-wedding
Child marriage
Nanaspididae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Allantogynus Changeux, 1960
Honshia Avdeev, 2017
Humesia Avdeev, 1980
Nanaspis Humes & Cressey, 1959
Stephopontius Thompson & Scott, 1903
References
Copepods
Lamberto Tronchin (born 27 March 1964, Preganziol) is an Italian acoustician, engineer, theorist, musician, and professor of musical acoustics and environmental physics at the University of Bologna.
Biography
They were graduated from at University of Bologna in Civil and Building Engineering in 1992 and after having studied at Conservatory of Ferrara and Venice, they received the Diploma in Piano performance at Conservatory of Reggio Emilia. Afterwards, they obtained the PhD in room acoustics in 1995 and was enrolled as assistant professor in 1999 at University of Bologna and as associate professor at the same university in 2011.
They teach musical acoustics at University of Bologna (DAMS).
They worked as acoustic consultant in a number of projects regarding theatres, auditorium and buildings with a number of architects, including Richard Meier, Paolo Portoghesi, Paolo Bandiera, Francesco Bandiera, Giovanni Farolfi, Riccarda Cantarelli, and Luisella Pennati.
They made the unique acoustic measurements in the former Teatro La Fenice, in Venice, before its burning which occurred 29 January 1996.
Their contribution on musical acoustics includes the definition of a new parameter, the Intensity of Acoustic Radiation (IAR) that established a link between modal analysis of soundboards of musical instruments and their sound emission. Their researches were reported in a number of articles and lectures, including TV programs in the Arté television broadcasting company.
Their researches about non linearity on musical acoustics allowed to release a patent about the emulation of non linear behavior of musical instruments and devices.
Selection of projects and works
Theatre Comunale, Gradisca d'Isonzo (1994)
Theatre La Fenice, Venice (1995)
Auditorium Del Carmine, Parma (1997)
Theatre Pergine Spettacolo Aperto, Pergine (1997)
Auditorium San Domenico, Foligno (1998)
Parco Acquatico "Le Navi", Cattolica (2000)
Auditorium Forum Guido Monzani, Modena (2001)
Auditorium, Firenzuola (2001)
Auditorium, Impruneta (2002)
Theatre Comunale, Treviso (2003–05)
Theatre Nuovo, Spoleto (2004–06)
Theatre Eschilo, Gela (2008–09)
Jesolo Lido Condo Building (2009–11)
Theatre Galli, Rimini (2009–13)
Awardes and patents
13 Mostra internazionale dell'architettura - Venice - Biennale dell'Architettura di Venezia, 2012 - Polish Pavilion - Special Mention "This brave and bold installation reminds the visitor to listen as well as to look... And to feel the sound of the Common Ground"
METHOD FOR ARTIFICIALLY REPRODUCING AN OUTPUT SIGNAL OF A NON-LINEAR TIME INVARIANT SYSTEM
The "Tuned City" project: lecture at Wiels, Brussels
Bibliography
References
1964 births
Living people
Panagiotopoulos or Panayotopoulos () is a Greek surname, meaning "son of Panagiotis". The feminine form is Panagiotopoulou/Panayotopoulou (Παναγιωτοπούλου). Notable people with the surname include:
Diamantis Panagiotopoulos (born 1967), Greek archaeologist
Georgios Panagiotopoulos (born 1969), Greek sprinter
Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou (born 1952), Greek politician
Nicos Panayotopoulos (born 1963), Greek journalist, screenwriter and novelist
Panos Panagiotopoulos (born 1957), Greek politician
Georgios Panagiotopoulos (politician) (born in 1930), Greek politician
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Patronymic surnames
Carbone (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
List of Choctaw Treaties is a comprehensive chronological list of historic agreements that directly or indirectly affected the Choctaw people, a Native American tribe, with other nations. Choctaw land was systematically obtained through treaties, legislation, and threats of warfare. Treaties were made with Great Britain, France, and Spain. Nine treaties were signed with the United States. Some treaties, like the Treaty of San Lorenzo, indirectly affected the Choctaws.
The Choctaws considered European laws and diplomacy foreign and puzzling. The most confusing aspect of treaty making was writing which was impressive for a people who had not developed a written system. Choctaw history, as with many Native Americans, was passed orally from generation to generation. European cultural conventions require written treaties to prevent disputes about the contents of the agreement and to enable wider dissemination through copying. During treaty negotiations the three main Choctaw tribal areas (Upper Towns, Six town, and Lower Towns) had a "Miko" (chief) to represent them. Spain had the earliest claims to Choctaw country which was followed by French claims starting in the late 17th century. The United States, following the Treaty of San Lorenzo, laid claim to Choctaw country starting in 1795.
By the early 19th century pressure from U.S. southern states, like Georgia, encouraged the procurement of Native American lands. The Treaty of Fort Adams was the first in a series of treaties that ceded Choctaw lands. The Choctaws were relocated from their homeland, now known as the Deep South, to lands west of the Mississippi River. Approximately 15,000 Choctaws made the move to what would be called Indian Territory and then later Oklahoma. About 2,500 died along the trail of tears. The Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek required the Choctaws to sign away the remaining traditional homeland to the United States. There would be three waves of removals starting in 1831. After the final wave of removal in 1833, nearly 6,000 Choctaws chose to stay in the newly formed state of Mississippi. Despite the grant of citizenship and land to Choctaws that chose to stay, the newly settled European-Americans persistently urged the Mississippi Choctaws to remove, but they refused. Although smaller Choctaw groups can be found throughout the U.S. south, Choctaws are mainly found in Florida, Oklahoma and Mississippi.
Treaties
Indian Appropriations Act of 1871
In 1871 Congress added a rider to the Indian Appropriations Act to end the United States' recognizing additional Indian tribes or nations, and prohibiting additional treaties.
See also
Choctaw Trail of Tears
Treaty of Hopewell
Treaty of Washington City
Treaty of Doak's Stand
Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
Yowani Choctaws
List of treaties
References
Choctaw
Choctaw
Andreas Høy (born 1817, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian politician.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, representing the constituency of Stavanger. They worked as a merchant in that city. They only sat one term.
On the local level they were mayor of Stavanger in 1863.
References
1817 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Sturgeon Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington.
Sturgeon Creek's name is an accurate preservation of its Indian name.
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
Rivers of Snohomish County, Washington
Rivers of Washington (state)
Americana is an album by singer and songwriter Leon Russell. The album peaked at # 115 on the US charts Billboard 200. The album was first released as a vinyl LP Album by Leon's new label Paradise Records. Americana was re-released on CD by Wounded Bird Records in 2007 and again in 2012 by Ais. The album was by produced by Leon Russell.
The new releases were after Leon recordings earned six gold records. They received two Grammy awards from seven nominations. In 2011, Leon was inducted into both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. One of their biggest early fans, Elton John, said Russell was a "mentor" and an "inspiration". They recorded their album The Union in 2010, which earned them a Grammy nomination.
Track listing
All songs performed by Leon Russell. All tracks composed by artist listed below.
Side one
Let's Get Started - (Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 4:12
Elvis And Marilyn (Dyan Diamond, Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 3:04
From Maine To Mexico (Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 3:09
When A Man Loves A Woman (A. Wright, C. Lewis) - 3:22
It's Only Me (Dyan Diamond, Leon Russell) - 2:20
Side two
Midnight Lover (Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 4:08
Housewife (Dyan Diamond, Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 3:02
Ladies Of The Night (Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 3:03
Shadow And Me (Leon Russell) - 3:06
Jesus On My Side (Kim Fowley, Leon Russell) - 3:04
Charts
Personnel
Leon Russell - Audio Production, Bass, Bass Instrument, Composer, Guitar, Keyboards, Main Personnel, Piano, Primary Artist, Producer, Vocals
Joe Chemay - Bass, Bass Instrument, Main Personnel, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Marty Grebb - Guitar, Main Personnel, Saxophone, Trumpet
Wornell Jones - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Joe Chemay - Backing Vocals
Lee Loughnane - Horn Arrangements, Trumpet
Mike Meros - Keyboards, Organ, Synthesizer
Brent Nelson - Drums, Main Personnel, Vocals (Background)
James Pankow - Trombone
Walter Parazaider - Sax (Tenor), Saxophone, Vocals
Mark Peters -Orchestral Arrangements
Jon Woodhead - Guitar
Frank Latouf - Technician
Mike Johnstone - Technician
Steve Marr - Technician
Tom Kemp - Technician
Photography – Paul Hodara
Recorded By – Gene Meros and Steve Ripley
Scott Goddard - Other
References
External links
Leon Russell discography
Leon Russell lyrics
Leon Russell Records
Leon Russell NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2012)
1978 albums
Leon Russell albums
Albums produced by Leon Russell
Nahāvand Castle () was an ancient castle from Sasanian Persia that was located in what is now the city of Nahavand in Hamedan province, Iran. The fall of this castle in the Battle of Nahavand was a major turning point in the Islamic conquest of Persia. Nonetheless, the castle survived up until the time of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar. It was said that when digging a qanat, Naser al-Din Shah found a treasure. They then ordered the castle to be destroyed in order to find more treasures; however, no more were found.
References
Sasanian castles
Castles in Iran
Military history of Iran
Buildings and structures in Hamadan Province
Ruined castles in Iran
Demolished buildings and structures in Iran
National works of Iran
Ayapel is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
Ayapel is a Colombian municipality located in the far eastern department of Cordoba and bathed by the waters of San Jorge and Ayapel swamp.
Bounded on the north by San Marcos, San Benito Abad and Majagual, on the east by Guaranda and Achi, on the west by Buenavista and Montelibano, Pueblo Nuevo and south to the department of Antioquia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Ayapel
Ayapel official website
Córdoba
ŠK Slovan Bratislava Ženy is a women's football team in the Slovak Women's First League, representing ŠK Slovan Bratislava. It has won the league 15 times, including the two last ones as of 2021.
Slovan have also won the women's League–Cup double in the seasons 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2018.
Honours
Slovak Women's First League
Champions (14): 1995 to 1999, 2001, 2004, 2009 to 2012, 2016, 2018, 2019
Slovak Women's Cup
Winners (6): 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2018, 2022
Runners-up (6): 2010, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019
Record in UEFA competitions
Current squad
Slovan women's squad:
References
Women's football clubs in Slovakia
Football clubs in Bratislava
ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Magnesium Injection Cycle (MAGIC) is an engine design under development by Mitsubishi Corporation and the Tokyo Institute of Technology that uses magnesium and water to generate power. The engine also makes use of solar powered lasers.
Overview
The joint project, initiated in 2005 and still in the experimental stage, developed a prototype carbon dioxide ()-free engine in 2006 that ran successfully without the need for fossil fuels. The chemical reaction between magnesium (in a powder form) and water at room temperature produces high-energy steam and hydrogen. The hydrogen is burned at the same time to produce additional high-energy steam. These two steam sources power the engine. The energy cycle produces no carbon dioxide or other harmful emissions. The only by-products of this reaction are water and magnesium oxide. The magnesium (a common metallic element) is separated from the oxygen through a solar-powered laser process (the development of which is already well advanced) and is reused over and over again as fuel.
Output
Despite its small dimensions (approx. 5 cm in diameter and 13.5 cm in height), the engine can generate a heat output of several tens of kW from which power is obtained. The engine is intended for use in cogeneration, automobiles, ships, and many other areas. A statement in 2006 claimed that further research was planned to achieve commercialization within the next three years. No updated timeline has been released.
Personnel
The engine development was led by Professor Takashi Yabe with the help of Professor Ikuta and others of Tokyo Institute of Technology with the cooperation of Ono Denki Seisakusho, K.K., a precision manufacturer located in Shinagawa, Tokyo. Professor Yabe performed experiments of the technology in 2007 at the Hokkaido Toyako G8 environmental summit hosted in Chitose, Japan.
See also
Alternative fuel
References
Engine technology
BRT Laboratories, Inc. is a Baltimore, Maryland-based biotechnology company that performs DNA testing. The company has three divisions: Relationship Testing, Forensics, and Clinical Services. It is a privately held, wholly owned subsidiary of Baltimore RH Typing Laboratory, Inc.
History
BRT Laboratories, Inc., with its parent company Baltimore RH Typing Laboratory, has been a provider of products and services to the medical, research, and commercial communities since 1945. In April 2000, BRT Laboratories, Inc. was established as an independent and wholly owned subsidiary of Baltimore Rh Typing Laboratory, Inc., for the purpose of continuing commercial testing and service activities.
Services
Relationship Testing
BRT's Relationship Testing division offers services in Paternity Testing and Family reunification Immigration Testing. DNA testing can identify relationships between parent and child, full or half siblings, grandparent and grandchild, uncles or aunts and nieces or nephews, as well as identical and non-identical twins. The Laboratory is accredited by the AABB (formerly, American Association of Blood Banks). Testing can be performed for submission in legal proceedings (court admissible) or for personal knowledge.
Application for immigration to the United States and Canada often requires documentation of biological relationship between a petitioner and their or their beneficiary. DNA testing can be used to prove a relationship if documents are absent or challenged. The US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) and United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) offices accept DNA testing results from AABB accredited laboratories only.
Forensics
BRT's Forensics division offers services in serology screening, DNA profiling, and case review. These services are contracted by government agencies, defense counsel, and private citizens or organizations for several applications.
Government agencies contract BRT's Forensic division for criminal and “no-suspect” casework. The Laboratory offers STR analysis and Y-STR analysis with each of the commercial kits commonly used in the US. The Forensic division is accredited by ASCLD/Lab – International and meets the requirements of ISO/IEC 17025. BRT has also received accreditation from the Texas Department of Public Safety and has been approved by the Maryland State Police Forensic Science Division for analysis of casework that can be uploaded to CODIS. The Laboratory adheres to current Scientific Working Group on DNA Analysis Methods (SWGDAM) and FBI DNA Advisory Board (DAB) guidelines.
Defense counsel contract BRT Laboratories to perform case reviews, which may include assistance with the interpretation of subpoena documents, sample retesting, and/or expert witness testimony.
The Forensic division also provides serology and DNA profiling services to private citizens for infidelity testing and to private organizations or medical professionals for sample identity verification.
Clinical Services
BRT's Clinical Services division is licensed by the State of Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene for Molecular Biology and Molecular Genetics and is registered under the US Department of Health and Human Services' Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments. Test offerings include Tuberculosis testing and Bone Marrow Engraftment (chimerism) monitoring.
BRT's tuberculosis (TB) testing is performed using the Interferon-gamma release assay T-SPOT.TB. This assay is recognized by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention as a special TB blood test with an accuracy of diagnosing active TB >80%.
Bone Marrow Engraftment monitoring assesses the relative ratio of donor and recipient cell populations in the post-transplant peripheral blood or bone marrow of the patient. BRT performs this test using STR analysis, the current "gold standard," yielding a sensitivity of 95–98%.
Accreditations
Member of and accredited by the American Association of Blood Banks (AABB)
Registered by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA)
Licensed by the State of Maryland Department of Health & Mental Hygiene
Licensed by the State of New York Department of Health
17025 and Forensic Requirements for Accreditation (FRA 1 and FRA 2)
College of American Pathologists (CAP) Proficiency Participant
American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors (ASCLD/LAB-International)
Locations
BRT is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland, with an extensive network of sample collection centers located across the United States and throughout the world.
References
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Biotechnology companies established in 1945
1945 establishments in Maryland
Companies based in Baltimore
Hydronic balancing, also called hydraulic balancing, is the process of optimizing the distribution of water in a building's hydronic heating or cooling system by equalizing the system pressure to provide the intended indoor climate at optimum energy efficiency and minimal operating cost.
To provide the correct power output, heating or cooling devices require a certain flow known as the design flow. Theoretically, it is possible to design plants that deliver the design flow at each terminal unit (heating or cooling device). In reality, this is not possible because pipes and valves only come in certain sizes. Moreover, predicting the real flow in a system accurately is too complex. Some circuits (typically those closest to the pump) will be favored by higher than required flows at the expense of other circuits that will have underflows.
In small heating systems (e.g. domestic systems) balancing is quite easy because of the small number of terminal units and relatively simple distribution network. Balancing can normally be achieved by simply pre-setting the flow through the radiators.
Larger buildings, such as offices or hospitals, have more complicated heating and cooling systems and require a more accurate balancing technique. To obtain a plant with the correct design flows, consultants design systems to include balancing valves, differential pressure controllers or pressure independent control valves.
Balancing valves allow the measurement of differential pressures which can be used to calculate a flow. There are various balancing methods, but all involve measuring differential pressures and adjusting them to the correct value by calculating the flow which represents.
Differential pressure controllers are usually membrane- or spring driven valves that control the differential pressures in the installation. This will simplify balancing procedures and enable the installation to be more precisely controlled.
Pressure independent valves combine the balancing and control functions in one valve and work based on springs and/or membranes to precisely control the flows in the distribution network and as such need no measuring or balancing procedure.
The reason for balancing the system
In a balanced system every radiator is set to receive the proper amount of fluid as designed in order to generate the required amount of heat.
Heating engineers will usually do this as part of the installation of a brand-new system, but they will rarely do it when replacing a component of the system, such as just the room thermostat or a part inside the boiler. They will check and adjust the balance if asked to do so, but as it can take about an hour to balance the radiators in an average sized three-bedroom house - and proportionally more or less for larger or smaller homes - many people don't want to pay for the time it takes to do the balancing properly.
It is important to make sure that, when the room thermostat is calling for heat, all the radiators in the system heat up fully - to the maximum temperature possible - in sitting rooms and other daily "living" rooms but NOT in the other rooms (utility rooms, bedrooms, bathrooms, etc.) which should be kept as cool as possible. This is easy to do if you have TRVs (thermostatically-controlled radiator valves) fitted to your radiators, but if you don't have TRVs, you should be sure to open the IN-FLOW valves fully in all living rooms and turn them almost fully off in the other rooms. (Keeping them open just an eighth- to a quarter- turn usually works.)
When it gets cold outside many people go round the house to open both valves on their radiators fully, in the mistaken belief that they will get more heat. But all that does be un-balance the system. The result is that the radiators nearest to the boiler take most of the flow of hot water and the other radiators get very little flow at all. If the system is unbalanced, some rooms get too hot and others never get warm enough. Often the owners of unbalanced systems imagine this is because "the boiler is too old" or "the radiators are full of silt and need flushing out" and think that the cost of getting their system repaired would be so high that they do nothing about getting it fixed! Most often their problem will disappear if they call in someone who knows how to balance all the radiators.
Instead of letting your central heating system cool down completely, so that you often have to keep switching it on for a short time to give your home a big blast of heat, it is best to keep your central heating running continuously with the central wall-mounted thermostat set at the lowest temperature at which you feel comfortable. Doing this could save you money because you will not be wasting so much fuel, especially if your home is well insulated.
Note: It is a sure sign that you have a faulty thermostat if you find that you continually have to turn the set temperature up by hand to get the system to start warming-up and then always have to turn that stat down again to stop the house getting too hot! You will be amazed how comfortable your home will be if you get that faulty thermostat replaced!
Problems caused by improper balance
In an unbalanced system there will always be favoured circuits that receive more water than they require. These favoured circuits steal flow from unfavoured circuits which will not then be able to provide the heating or cooling required. Control valves may temporarily help by gradually reducing the flow in favoured circuits, thus allowing unfavoured circuits to achieve the correct flow. This will however cause long delays in reaching the set temperature in the building after night setback and will make the installation very inefficient.
Balancing limits the flow in favoured circuits, forcing water through unfavoured circuits. As a result, the required design flows are available to all circuits and the system can provide the required Indoor Air Quality. Avoiding overflows means the pump is not doing unnecessary work which saves energy, reduces operating cost and can reduce the size of the pump required (saves on initial pump investment). Balancing also saves energy and operating costs by reducing the amount of time between starting a plant and reaching the required indoor climate. For example, after every set back unbalanced plants must start earlier and run at maximum capacity for longer than balanced plants thereby using more energy.
See also
Hydronics
Hydraulics
References
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Hardin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,878. The county seat is Eldora. The county was named in honor of Col. John J. Hardin, of Illinois, who was killed in the Mexican–American War.
History
Hardin County was formed in 1851. It was named after Colonel John J. Hardin, who died in the Mexican–American War.
In its history the county has had three courthouses. The first was a small wood-framed building, which burned down in the 1850s. The second courthouse was a two-story building and stood on the site of the current office of the county sheriff. The third and present courthouse was constructed in 1892 and opened on September 19, 1893. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Hardin County, along with Story County, was also a primary filming location for the 1996 movie Twister, starring Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 65
Iowa Highway 57
Iowa Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Franklin County (north)
Butler County (northeast)
Grundy County (east)
Marshall County (southeast)
Story County (southwest)
Hamilton County (west)
Wright County, Iowa (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 16,878 in the county, with a population density of . 95.71% of the population reported being of one race. There were 8,032 housing units, of which 7,070 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 17,534 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,224 housing units, of which 7,296 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,812 people, 7,628 households, and 5,087 families residing in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 8,318 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.14% White, 0.62% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 1.24% from other races, and 0.50% from two or more races. 2.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,628 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.10% were married couples living together, 6.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.30% were non-families. 29.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.70% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 23.80% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 20.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,429, and the median income for a family was $41,891. Males had a median income of $30,515 versus $21,068 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,537. About 5.50% of families and 8.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.90% of those under age 18 and 6.20% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Ackley
Alden
Buckeye
Eldora
Hubbard
Iowa Falls
New Providence
Owasa
Radcliffe
Steamboat Rock
Union
Whitten
Census-designated place
Garden City
Other unincorporated communities
Cleves
Gifford
Townships
Alden
Buckeye
Clay
Concord
Eldora
Ellis
Etna
Grant
Hardin
Jackson
Pleasant
Providence
Sherman
Tipton
Union
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Hardin County.
† county seat
Politics
For most of its history, Hardin County has primarily supported the Republican Party in presidential elections, with only five of the party's candidates failing to win the county in the period from 1880 to 1984. The only Democrat since 1996 to win the county has been Barack Obama in 2008, winning by only 78 votes.
See also
Homer D. Calkins
Ellsworth Community College
Folkert Mound Group
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hardin County, Iowa
Hardin County Courthouse
References
External links
Official Website of Hardin County
Hardin County Development Council's website
Welcome to Hardin County, Iowa, a National Park Service Discover Our Shared Heritage Travel Itinerary
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Astrodatabank is a wiki website containing a collection of astrological data. The freely accessible database features the birth details and associated birth charts of public figures and mundane events. The collection was started by astrologer, Lois Rodden in 1979. Astrodatabank is currently owned and maintained by the Swiss company Astrodienst and is published in English.
History
In 1979, Lois Rodden started publishing birth data with their book, Profiles of Women. Eventually this led onto the formation of Astrodatabank. Mark McDonough developed the Astrodatabank database work using the astrology birth data collected by Lois Rodden over 40 years of research. Six months before Lois Rodden died, Lois named Pat Taglilatelo as their successor. The data collection of another lifelong collector, Edwin Charles Steinbrecher, was integrated into the database during the next two years.
In July 2005, McDonough gave Richard Smoot ownership of the company. Astrodatabank was later bought by the Swiss company Astrodienst AG, of Alois Treindl, in 2008, and converted into a wiki project and made freely accessible to all.
Astrodatabank as a wiki was released on 12 March 2009, with 72,271 pages, in English. The names Astrodatabank, Astro-Databank, AstroDatabank, and ADB refer to the one and same project Astrodatabank.
Application and Usage
The contents and data of the wiki have been recommended for the purpose of research related to astrological studies. The project has been referred to by the National Council for Geocosmic Research for astrological research and has been recommended by Astrological Association of Great Britain as a large collection of verified astrological charts and a useful resource for scientific research.
Researchers have imported Astrodatabank birth chart data into the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) for analysis. They claim that Astrodatabank sets the standards for rigorous astrological methodology and meet social scientific research design standards.
Export files of the AstroDienst database were used by the open source Python program TkAstroDb to analyze the contents of the Astrodatabank in a more blunt statistical way. TkAstroDb was written by Tanberk Celattin Kutlu. It produces spreadsheets of the major statistical data found in the ADB export files, like data on ADB categories. The resulting gigabytes of statistical astrological data on ADB categories were published online as Excel files by the former ADB editor Sjoerd Visser. The conclusion of The ADB Research Group was, that almost all claimed astrological variation could simply be explained by the sampling error, in contrary to the persistent irrational belief of astrologers that astrologically seen chance does not exist. The ADB researchers concluded that all statistically seen relevant astrological factors were too small to be predictive at the individual level. And that the large effects found in smaller ADB samples, were statistically seen neglectable when taking into account the 11 degrees of freedom involved with the postulated astrological factors. Impressive results were not found. The ADB categories just behaved like random ADB samples without confirming any astrological theory. Even if most biased astrologers and ADB Editors still believe in astrology.
The Astrodatabank has been used for astrological predictions by astrologers. The database has served as an important source of information related to notable people.
Research studies using Astrodatabank to replicate the original results of a successful test conducted by students of statistics class of Lake Forest College has been attempted. The information provided on Astrodatabank, has been used for work related to history, and for reference work.
The contents of Astrodatabank has details of time of an event or person, with a related biography, used also for studying the relation of charts to events in public lives.
Birth Data is recorded and rated
Astrodatabank has a variety of astrological data collections. The data includes the birth details of celebrities, public figures, and Royal births. The time and dates of significant events are also included.
Editors and Astrological data collectors contribute to Astrodatabank entries. Entries are first reviewed by the main editor for reliability and notability, before publication.
Astrodatabank birth entries are ranked according to the Lois Rodden Rating system. This requires full citation of source notes which detail the reference to the origin of the datum collected. Entries are updated to reflect the most recent and most accurate information. Originally the highest rating for accuracy was A. At the suggestion of Marion March, the AA category was included to distinguish between data based on personal memory and that supported by a birth certificate. The least reliable rating, DD refers to so-called "dirty data". These are from a third rate source or where the datum is speculative or contradictory or dubious. A DD rating can apply to an entry with multiple claims of different birth data from equally reliable sources.
Data Type
A research article on the cognitive simulation of AstroDatabank records by using the Artificial Intelligence System – AIDOS, was published. The technology of simulation is described and the most important results are discussed.
The data from Astrodatabank has been used for statistical studies in Astrology and for studying patterns to account for human behavior. The Astrodatabank data has been referenced by authors and writers as a source of information and data, in magazines and in their published books.
Technology
Astrodatabank uses the wiki software MediaWiki with some self-created extensions to provide astrological charts.
See also
Liz Greene
External links
References
Online databases
MediaWiki websites
Astrological data collectors
Creative Commons-licensed websites
Ants Kiviselg (born 13 July 1955 in Pärnu) is an Estonian sport physician and military personnel.
In 1979 they graduated from Tartu State University in medicine.
From 1990 to 1996 they were the head physician and the leader of sport medicine centre Dünamix. From 1984 to 2001 they were a physician for Estonian rowing team.
Since 1993 they have been also active in Estonian Defence Forces. From 2001 to 2006 they were Commandant of the Estonian National Defence College.
Awards
2006: Order of the Cross of the Eagle, III class.
References
Living people
1955 births
Estonian people in sports
Estonian physicians
Estonian military personnel
University of Tartu alumni
People from Pärnu
The white-crowned penduline tit (Remiz coronatus) is a species of bird in the family Remizidae. It is found in Afghanistan, China, India, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Pakistan, Russia, and Tajikistan.
Its natural habitats are boreal forests and temperate forests.
References
white-crowned penduline tit
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Mongolia
Birds of Western China
Birds of Central China
white-crowned penduline tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Parampan thali Sree Mahadeva Temple is located at Mullassery, Thrissur district of Kerala state, India. It is 5 kilometres (3.1 miles) from National Highway 17, and 20 kilometres from Thrissur city on the way to Guruvayur via Kanjany.
References
External links
Parampanthali - Siva Temple
Shiva temples in Kerala
Hindu temples in Thrissur district
108 Shiva Temples
Hermitage High School may refer to:
Hermitage High School (Arkansas) — Hermitage, Arkansas
Hermitage High School (Missouri) — Hermitage, Missouri
Hermitage High School (Virginia) — Richmond, Virginia
Allergic to Water is the 18th studio album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco, released on November 4, 2014.
Critical reception
The album has a score of 71 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews".
Commercial performance
The album debuted at No. 155 on the Billboard 200.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album credits.
Ani DiFranco – guitar, tamburitza, wurli, harpsichord, xylophone, vocals
Todd Sickafoose – bass, piano, bilhorn organ, synthesizer, wurli, bells, orchestron
Terence Higgins – drums, percussion
Ivan Neville – wurli, clavinet, piano
Jenny Scheinman – violins, backing vocals
Mike Dillon – triangle
Matt Perrine – sousaphone
Production
Recorded by Mike Napolitano – recording
Andy Taub – recording
Todd Sickafoose – recording
Ani DiFranco – producer, mixing, recording
Brent Lambert– mastering
Brian Grunert – art direction
Charles Waldorf – portraits
References
External links
Record labels album page
2014 albums
Ani DiFranco albums
Righteous Babe Records albums
Mount Tedrow is a mountain in the Queen Elizabeth Range, 1,490 m, standing at the east side of the mouth of DeBreuck Glacier at its juncture with Kent Glacier. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1960–62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Jack V. Tedrow, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) glaciologist at McMurdo Station, 1959–60, 1960–61.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
John Wayne Mangum Jr. (born March 16, 1967), is an American former professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1990–1998 for the Chicago Bears. They played collegiately at Alabama and holds the career record for passes broken up (47).
Early life
John Wayne Mangum Jr. was born on March 16, 1967 in Magee, Mississippi. Their father is John Mangum Sr. (1942-1994), a former football player best known as the defensive tackle for the Boston Patriots from 1966–1967.  They are the brother of former NFL football player Kris Mangum, best known as the tight end for the Carolina Panthers from 1997–2006.
Professional career
Mangum was a sixth-round draft choice and played for the Chicago Bears between 1990 and 1998. They finished their Bears career with 272 tackles, 4.5 sacks, 5 interceptions, and 2 forced fumbles.
Personal
John Mangum currently works in Jackson, Mississippi as a Senior Vice President and Financial Advisor for CapTrust independent investment advisor and asset management firm.  They are the father of three children: Bailey, Abbey and Jake. Their son Jake is an outfielder in the New York Mets organization.
References
1967 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
Chicago Bears players
People from Magee, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The Kurdistan Region Governorate Council elections of 2005 were held on 31 January 2005, to coincide with the Iraqi legislative elections of January 2005 and the Kurdistan Region legislative elections of January 2005. The elections were held to choose 41 council members for each of the three governorates of Kurdistan Region, that is Dahuk, Erbil and Sulaypersoniyah governorates. During the election, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) won a plurality of the votes, however, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) won a plurality of the council seats.
Results
All governorates
Arbil Governorate
Dohuk Governorate
Sulaypersoniyah Governorate
Source: Washington Institute: Provincial Politics in Iraq , pp. 15–16
See also
2005 Iraqi governorate elections
References
Independent Electoral Commission of Iraq
2005 elections in Iraq
2005 in Iraqi Kurdistan
Elections in Kurdistan Region
January 2005 events in Asia
Governorate elections in Iraq
Branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR) is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder involving the kidneys, ears, and neck. It often has also been described as Melnick-Fraser syndrome.
Signs and symptoms
The signs and symptoms of branchio-oto-renal syndrome are consistent with underdeveloped (hypoplastic) or absent kidneys with resultant chronic kidney disease or kidney failure. Ear anomalies include extra openings in front of the ears, extra pieces of skin in front of the ears (preauricular tags), or further malformation or absence of the outer ear (pinna). Malformation or absence of the middle ear is also possible, individuals can have mild to profound hearing loss. People with BOR may also have cysts or fistulae along the sides of their neck.
In some individuals and families, renal features are completely absent. The disease may then be termed "branchio-oto syndrome" (BO syndrome).
Cause
The cause of branchio-oto-renal syndrome are mutations in genes, EYA1, SIX1, and SIX5 (approximately 40 percent of those born with this condition have a mutation in the EYA1 gene). Many different abnormalities in these genes have been identified.
Mechanism
The genetics of branchio-oto-renal syndrome indicate it is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner, and results from a mutation in the EYA1 gene. Autosomal dominant inheritance indicates that the defective gene responsible for a disorder is located on an autosome, and only one copy of the gene is sufficient to cause the disorder, when inherited from a parent who has the disorder. This gene is involved in many facets of embryonic development and is important in the normal formation of many organs and tissues, including the ears, and kidneys before birth.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis of BO syndrome or BOR syndrome is clinical, i.e. based on observing an appropriate combination of symptoms.
Only about half of patients have a detectable genetic abnormality, mostly in the EYA1 gene, SIX1 gene or the SIX5 gene.
Treatment
The treatment of branchio-oto-renal syndrome is done per each affected area (or organ). For example, a person with hearing problems should have appropriate supports and prompt attention for any inflammation of the ear.
A specialist should observe any kidney problems. Surgical repair may be needed depending on the degree of a defect or problem, whether a transplant or dialysis is needed.
Epidemiology
The epidemiology of branchio-oto-renal syndrome has it with a prevalence of 1/40,000 in Western countries. A 2014 review found 250 such cases in the country of Japan.
See also
Lachiewicz Sibley syndrome
Branchio-oculo-facial syndrome
References
Further reading
External links
Syndromes affecting hearing
Autosomal dominant disorders
Syndromes affecting the kidneys
Rare syndromes
Negative transfer may refer to:
Negative transfer (memory), interference of an existing learned response with learning to respond to a novel, similar stimulus
Language transfer, interference of one language with learning another
Internegative, a photographic negative used in motion picture duplication
Motion picture film scanner, scanning of a motion picture negative to transfer it to a digital video editing system
Telecine, a motion picture film scanner that operates in real time
Film-out, transfer of video to a film negative
Missing in Brooks County is a 2020 feature-length documentary (1 hr 21 m), directed and filmed by Lisa Molomot and Jeff Bemiss. Its subject is the passage of illegal migrants through Brooks County, Texas, and specifically how thousands die of dehydration and exposure hiking some 35 miles (56 km) across open fields in 100 °F (38 °C) heat, to avoid the Border Patrol internal checkpoint near Falfurrias, Texas. The ground is sandy and taxing to walk in, and lack of landmarks makes it easy for migrants to get lost and go in circles. Brooks County leads the nation in migrant deaths; most bodies are never found, and most of those found are never identified. The county sheriff calls the county "the biggest cemetery in the United States". News stories have called it "migrants' Death Valley."
Background
The Falfurrias checkpoint
As is explained in the film, in 1994 the federal government began Operation Hold the Line in Texas, together with similar operations in California and Arizona. To deter illegal border crossings, the main crossing points, such as El Paso and Laredo, were strengthened. It was believed that the desolate, almost uninhabited land without a reinforced border would be too difficult for migrants to cross. This proved not to be the case, and a network of internal checkpoints up to 100 miles (160 km) from the border was set up to catch those who made it in. One was built near Falfurrias; it is the largest and best equipped internal border checkpoint in the country. It is also the biggest employer in the poor, rural county. Many migrants die of dehydration hiking through open land so as to bypass this border checkpoint; Brooks County leads the nation in illegal migrant deaths, estimated at 2,000 since 2008. According to Brooks County Sheriff Urbino "Benny" Martinez, only 20% of the bodies of those reported missing are ever located; another estimate is that the number of deaths is 10 times the number of bodies found. Most of the corpses that are found—skeletons, in some cases, 62 such in 2017—are never identified. According to Martinez's remark in the movie, the ongoing expense of dealing with the bodies found has bankrupted the county. In 2020, it cost the county about $2,000 per body () to remove the remains from the scene and obtain an autopsy.
Anthropologists exhuming bodies and analyzing DNA
The movie project began when Molomot and Bemiss, who met while teaching at Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, heard a story on NPR's Story Corps series about Lori Baker, a Baylor University associate professor of anthropology, who has spent years volunteering their time and expertise to ID bodies of anonymous dead migrants. Molomot and Bemiss accompanied them to Brooks County, and there realized that the story needing telling was larger.
Baker does not appear in the movie, but Kate Spradley does; they are a forensic anthropologist from the Forensic Anthropology Center at Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas. They bring teams of their students to Falfurrias to recover some of the hundreds of undiscovered bodies. They dig up and take the bodies they can locate to their lab, where they try to identify them, in order to notify the deceased's families. The DNA is entered into a national DNA database called CODIS (the Combined DNA Index System).
Spradley learns, when they visit the Sacred Heart Burial Park, the Catholic section of the Falfurrias Burial Park, that only the men who cut the grass know where the unmarked migrant burials are. After speaking with them, they remark that they now know that there are many more bodies than had been made public, and that their team has years of work to do in that one cemetery.
People
The film does not have a narrator, and it more presents a situation than tells a story. According to co-director Bemiss, "We wanted to treat the audience as intelligent. We didn't want to preach to them. We wanted to just show them what's going on and let people make up their minds, but in order to do that, they have to see what's going on, so we tried to make it a 360 degree view and let everybody have their moment to say their piece. Let the audience decide what kind of country they want to have and what kind of policy they want to have about their border."
We meet the Brooks County Sheriff, who tries to help migrants' families as best they can; they have binders full of pictures of remains. Their deputy, driving the county roads, twice points out that they are the only deputy on duty for the county of over . A Border Patrol agent rescues a migrant, treating them respectfully; the rescue probably means expulsion, but that is preferable to death. According to the Border Patrol agent, Alex Jara, "If we call them people it starts getting to you".
Migrants' families, searching
The movie follows two migrants' families, who came to Falfurrias searching for their loved ones who have been missing since they started their hikes around the checkpoint. As they search for answers, the family members encounter a haunted land where death is a part of everyday life.
Homero Román-Gómez
Omar Román-Gómez and their family are searching for the body of their older brother, Homero. They had been brought to the United States when they were 5, and had lived in the U.S. for 20 years. A routine traffic violation resulted in theirs being returned to Mexico, a country they did not know. Missing their family in Houston, and unable to feel at home in Mexico, in 2015 they paid a coyote (human smuggler) to guide them across the Rio Grande and around the Falfurrias checkpoint. They have not been heard from since. Remains are located that might have been his, and the filmmakers raised the money to have them analyzed by a private lab. After months of waiting, the lab reported that the remains are not Homero's.
Juan Maceda Salazar
Moisés Zavala is searching for their cousin, Juan Maceda.
Eddie Canales, working for the migrants
A major figure in the film is Eddie Canales, a retired union organizer who founded the shoestring South Texas Human Rights Center in Falfurrias in 2013. They try to help families locate their missing loved ones, answering a hotline and helping callers access sources of information on the missing migrants and the unidentified corpses and skeletons.
To save lives, Canales leaves jugs of water along the migrants' routes through the county, together with flags on poles so they can be seen from a distance and geographical coordinates so migrants calling for help can tell rescuers where they are. Canales says that they need ranchers' permission to leave the water along the route through their ranches, which lessens the chances that migrants will die on the property in question; at first only one allowed him, but at the time of the movie, they state, there were seven. They stumble on a dead body while making water deliveries.
In 2016, 14 of their water stations were stolen, and had to be replaced. The theft was unsolved as of when the movie was made.
Michael Vickers, working against the migrants
A rancher who refuses permission for jugs of clean water to be left on their property is veterinarian Michael Vickers, co-founder of the Texas Border Volunteers, a paramilitary group that hunts migrants and turns them over to the US Border Patrol. Vickers is a hunter, and proudly exhibits their large collection of mounted heads with antlers, of deer and similar horned animals. They say they have seen the flow of migrants increase from "a few polite peasants a week" to "a flood of desperate people", many of whom, according to him, are criminals and possibly terrorists. As one of the Volunteers put it, "An illegal alien crosser is an illegal alien crosser, it's black and white, it's not gray. We're in a war zone here." Vickers sees no point in water stations for migrants; they can use, they said, the cattle troughs of water. They think that Canales may have stolen their own water stations, to increase sympathy and contributions.
Medical examiner Dr. Corinne Stern explains that water in these cattle troughs is usually contaminated and can kill people. The film interviews, without showing their face, a migrant who says they were with Maceda when they died, a direct result of drinking bad water.
Awards and showings
The film had its world premiere at the 2020 Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival, where it received the award of "Best Southern Documentary". It was chosen as best documentary feature at the 2021 Ashland Independent Film Festival, Atlanta DocuFest, Doc. Boston Documentary Film Festival, RiverRun International Film Festival, Thin Line Festival, Toronto Arthouse Film Festival, Newburyport Documentary Film Festival, Adirondack Film Festival, Lost River Film Festival, and the San Luis Obispo International Film Festival, at the latter of which it was also chosen by the audience as "Best in the Fest".
After showing in selected theaters in 2021, It will have its broadcast premiere on the PBS series Independent Lens, on January 31, 2022.
Funders
Missing in Brooks County was funded by ITVS, Fork Films, and Engel Entertainment, with additional funding from Perspective Fund, the Arizona Commission on the Arts, the Life Extension Foundation, the University of Arizona Office of Research, Innovation and Impact, Human Rights POV, UA Hanson Film Institute, the Connecticut Office of the Arts, Mountainfilm, and the University of Arizona College of Fine Arts. Fiscal sponsorship was by the International Documentary Association.
See also
Borderland (TV series)
References
Further reading (most recent first)
External links
Official Web site
2020 documentary films
2020 films
Documentary films about illegal immigration to the United States
Films set in Texas
Brooks County, Texas
United States Border Patrol
Mexico–United States border crossings
Films about missing people
Missing person cases in Texas
2010s missing person cases
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Honduran emigrants to the United States
Guatemalan emigrants to the United States
Salvadoran emigrants to the United States
2020s English-language films
Alexis Hernán Blanco (born 6 June 1988) is an Argentine association football. They play as forward for Peruvian Primera División team Sport Boys.
References
Profile at BDFA
1988 births
Living people
People from Santa Rosa, La Pampa
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Sportivo Italiano footballers
Atlético de Rafaela footballers
San Martín de Tucumán footballers
Deportes La Serena footballers
Santiago Morning footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Club Atlético Acassuso footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Club Atlético Alvarado players
Juventud Unida de Gualeguaychú players
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy footballers
Venados F.C. players
Club Blooming players
Caracas FC players
Universidad Técnica de Cajamarca footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Torneo Argentino A player
Primera B de Chile players
Chilean Primera División players
Ascenso MX players
Bolivian Primera División players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Association football forwards
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Venezuela
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1947 season.
Overview
It was contested by 7 teams, and Daugava Liepaja won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Llynclys South is a railway station on the Cambrian Heritage Railways' (CHR) line in Shropshire.
It is located in the heart of the village of Llynclys, just south of Llynclys station, on the other side of the B4396 road bridge. During the original commercial operation of the line, the site was used for goods handling.
The station was built as an alternative to the original Llynclys station, which has become a private house. Work on the South station began in 2004 and opened to the public in 2005. CHR currently keeps the bulk of its rolling stock here, on a number of sidings, and a new carriage shed is set to be built after having gained planning permission in 2007.
A notable historic feature of the site is the surviving bridge abutments from the narrow gauge Crickheath Tramway. Built under powers contained in the Montgomeryshire Canal Act of 1794, the gauge 3 ft line ran from the canal wharf at Crickheath to Porthywaen and was approximately long. It shut in 1932. Towards the bottom of the station's access drive, a small length of 2' 6" gauge track with a display of wagons serves as tribute to the tramway.
External links
Cambrian Heritage Railways Trust website
Video footage and history of the railways
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2005
Heritage railway stations in Shropshire
Railway stations built for UK heritage railways
Aaron Fyfe Perry (January 1, 1815 – March 11, 1893) was an American lawyer and politician who briefly served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1871 to 1872
Biography
Born in Leicester, Vermont, Perry attended the public schools and Yale Law School. They were admitted to the bar of Connecticut in 1838. They moved to Columbus, Ohio, where they were admitted to the bar in 1840 and commenced practice. They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1847 and 1848. They moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1854 and continued the practice of law. They were law partner with Governor Dennison in Columbus and Alphonso Taft in Cincinnati. They declined appointment as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States in 1861 tendered by President Abraham Lincoln. They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1864.
They received LL.D.s from Marietta College and Western Reserve University. They married Elizabeth Williams, daughter Cincinnati politician Micajah T. Williams, in 1843, and had three daughters and one son.
Congress
Perry was elected as a Republican to the Forty-second Congress and served from March 4, 1871, until their resignation in 1872. They resumed the practice of their profession and also engaged in literary pursuits. They were appointed chief counsel for the Government in the Crédit Mobilier case in 1873. Presidential elector for Hayes/Wheeler in 1876. They were appointed a member of the board of sinking-fund trustees of Cincinnati in 1877 and was president of the board from 1884 to 1892, when they resigned.
Death
They died in Cincinnati, Ohio, March 11, 1893. They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Notes
References
External links
1815 births
1893 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Yale Law School alumni
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
People from Leicester, Vermont
1876 United States presidential electors
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Columbus, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
KNM ER 406 is an almost complete fossilized skull of the species Paranthropus boisei. It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya by Richard Leakey and H. Mutua in 1969. This species is grouped with the Australopitecine genus, Paranthropus boisei because of the robusticity of the skull and the prominent characteristics. This species was found well preserved with a complete cranium but lacking dentition. They were known for their robust cranial features that showed the signs of adaptation of the ecological niches. The big chewing muscles attached to the sagittal crest are traits of this adaptation.
Discovery and classification
Following a three-month expedition funded by the National Museums of Kenya, Richard Leakey and H. Mutua spent the summer of 1969 in northern Kenya. This expedition along with the field work three months prior to this project was possible with the financial assistance from the Kenya Government. During this expedition there were two specimens that have similar characteristics as seen in the robust KNM-ER 406. The two specimens are Demi-cranium KNM-ER 732 and KNM-ER 407. These two specimens were also robust, but the skulls were considered more gracile. The smaller skulls are evidence that sexual dimorphism was the reason for the size difference. Consistent evidence of Lower Pleistocene hominids supports that there was a variation in size of the Australopithecus in East Rudolf, and not a separate species.
With the occipital only being present the morphology could not be confirmed, but the KNM-ER 406 and the other fossil found a mile North of the site are consistent with fossils found in Olduvai. It has been accepted that they are Australopithecus boisei and it's also been accepted that the A. boisei was not a toolmaker.
Another species, called Homo ergaster was discovered and dated the same age as A. Boisei 1.7 million years ago. In 1975 this species was found in northern Kenya, Koobi Fora by Bernard Ngeneo. The same age of 1.7 million years ago means that different species were on the scene in Africa at the same time. Yes, they coexisted. It's known that a species can survive when they inhabit a specific ecological niche. The morphology was different because of the resources they consumed. The Homo ergaster hunted and ate softer foods and more meat. Their skull looked more like modern humans. But, A. Boisei's skull was robust and had large temporals muscles that helped crush nuts and hard plants. It's important to note that these two species coexisted.
Anatomy
Cranial features and brain size
It is an adult male with an estimated cranial capacity of 510 cc and age of 1.7 million years.
Compared to the modern human and the Homo ergaster the A. boisei had a cranial capacity of 510 cc, a much smaller brain then modern humans who have a cranial capacity of 1200-1400 cc. They had striking robusticity, projecting glabella, and a well developed sagittal crest. There are feature differences of the sagittal crest in the KNM-ER 406 and the robust male gorillas and chimpanzees. Roughness appears in the sagittal crest and its located further back by the nuchal crest of gorillas and apes. The KNM-ER 406 sagittal crests is situated near the frontal bone and the highest point of the sagittal crest is located more medially. The development of the robusticity comes from the anterior part of the temporals muscles. As a result of this massiveness size of temporals muscles KNM-ER 406 shows presents of shallow orbits. This species is suggested to be male and their features are the same as Paranthropus boisei and the OH 5. This specimen is perhaps the most impressive skull found.
See also
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
List of hominina (hominid) fossils (with images)
References
External links
Paranthropus fossils
Prehistoric Kenya
Quaternary fossil record
The Packard Pan-American is a concept car produced for the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit, Michigan in 1952.
Conceived as a moderate-performance two-seater by Hugh Ferry, president of Packard, it was built by Henney, which was responsible for fitting custom hearse and ambulance bodies on Packard chassis. A status symbol for a carmaker at the time, this sort of car was a very unlikely project for Packard.
With styling by Henney, it was based on the 1951 Series 250 convertible, and ready in time for the 1952 New York International Motor Sports Show. Sectioned and channelled, in a fashion reminiscent of the 1953 Skylark, and wearing the trademark Packard grille, it "was elegantly trimmed throughout".
Packard spent US$10,000 building the Pan-American, and management tried in vain to imagine, let alone develop, a market for a roadster projected to cost at least US$18,000, at a time when the top-line Lincoln Capri six-passenger convertible went for US$3,665, the premier eight-place Cadillac Series 75 Fleetwood US$5643, and even Packard's Patrician 400, their most expensive production model, was only US$3,767, and a six-seater.
As many as six examples were built. The Pan-American did inspire a successful six-place model, the Caribbean, which debuted in 1953.
See also
Panther concept car
Notes
Sources
Flory, J. "Kelly", Jr. "Packard Pan-American", in American Cars 1946-1959, p. 1022. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Coy, 2008.
Pan-American
Cars introduced in 1952
Concept cars
Conops elegans is a fly species in the genus Conops that can be found in Cyprus, France, and Spain.
References
Conopidae
Insects described in 1824
Muscomorph flies of Europe
IDEC may refer to:
Biogen Idec, a biotechnology company
IDEC Corporation, a Japanese manufacturer of automation and control products
International Democratic Education Conference, an annual academic and youth conference
Toralizumab (IDEC 131), an antibody and an immunosuppressive drug
The sponsor name given to ocean racing trimarans skippered by French yachtsman Francis Joyon:
, a 75ft trimaran built in 1985
IDEC 2, a 97ft trimaran built in 2007
IDEC 3, a 103ft trimaran built in 2006
Clout archery is a form of archery in which archers shoot arrows at a flag (known as "the Clout") from a relatively long distance and score points depending on how close each arrow lands to the flag.
Scoring zones are defined by maximum radii from the flag pole. Each arrow scores points depending on which scoring zone it enters the ground in. An arrow embedded in the flag pole is counted as being in the highest scoring zone. If an arrow is lying on the ground, it is considered to be in the scoring zone in which its point lies.
The scoring zones may be marked on the ground. Where this is not practical, a non-stretch rope or chain marked with the radii of the scoring zones is attached to the flag pole and swept around it to determine which arrows are in which zones.
A designated person collects the arrows in each zone, sorts them into sets, and lays them on the ground. Each archer in turn points to their or their arrows and calls out the scores in descending order.
A single clout round consists of three dozen arrows, shot in ends of 6 arrows. Tournaments typically consist of a double clout round, in which a total of six dozen arrows is shot.
Archery GB clout
The Archery GB version of clout is used in the United Kingdom. The information in this section is drawn from Part 7 Clout Shooting of the Grand National Archery Society's Rules of Shooting. (GNAS 2008)
Flags are set at specified distances for combinations of age and gender. The archer's bow type does not affect the distance the archer shoots.
Each flag consists of a square piece of coloured fabric on a short softwood pole, the flag to be as close to the ground as is practical.
Shooting may be "one way" or "two way":
one way shooting: a single shooting line and a single set of flags are set up at opposite ends of the range. The archers shoot from the shooting line towards the flags, walk to the flags without their bows to score and collect their arrows, then walk back to the shooting line to continue shooting in the same direction.
two-way shooting: two shooting lines and two sets of flags are set up. One shooting line and one set of flags is placed at one end of the range; the other shooting line and other set of flags is placed at the other end. The archers shoot from one shooting line towards one set of flags, walk to the flags with their bows to score and collect their arrows, then turn around and shoot towards the other set of flags.
A minimum overshoot is required behind each set of flags.
Most Archery GB clout shoots are one-way.
Each arrow scores points depending on which scoring zone it lands in. Scoring zones are defined by maximum radii from the flag pole.
BLBS clout
The British Long-Bow Society has its own form of clout shooting. The Society restricts the archers to the use of English longbows and wooden arrows.
Ladies shoot , gentlemen . BLBS clouts are generally two-way.
The target is a diameter, white, resting on a frame at 45 degrees to the ground with a central black spot. Concentric rings are marked at , , , and from the centre.
Scoring is 6 for a clout, down to 1 for the outside ring. 2 rounds of 36 arrows in 12 ends of 3 are shot to make a 'Double Clout Round'
At the Woodmen of Arden's traditional shoots, the 'marker' at the target end steps from behind their screen, lies on their back and waves their top hat in the air to signify that a clout has been scored.
WA clout
The WA version of clout is used worldwide. The information in this section is drawn from Book 5 Miscellaneous of the WA Constitution and Rules. (WA 2008)
Flags are set at specified distances for combinations of gender and bow type.
The WA rules do not define any separate distances for juniors or for longbows, though tournament organisers will often introduce such additional distances.
Each flag consists of a piece of coloured fabric not exceeding high and wide on a softwood pole, the flag to be no more than from the ground.
Shooting may only be "one way".
Australian clout
The Archery Australia version of clout is used in Australia. The information in this section is drawn from Section 12 Clout Archery of the Archery Australia Constitution and Rules. (AUST – online version)
Several possible shooting distances are defined. The archer selects the distance they or they want to shoot, though for record purposes only certain combinations of age class, gender, bow division and distance are recognised.
The same clout target may be used for archers shooting at different distances. A shooting line is set up for each distance and the shooting is staggered so that each distance is shot with safety in mind. All archers shoot at the same time.
Each clout consists of a point-down triangular structure (usually made from laminated cardboard, so as to prevent arrows passing through) not exceeding high and wide at its widest point on a suitable (e.g. softwood) pole, the clout to be from the ground.
Small flags are placed on each side of the clout at intervals, so that the archers can see where the outer edges of the even-numbered scoring zones are. The flags are colored as (from the centre), gold, red, blue, black and white (i.e. the colours of an archery target).
Shooting is only in one direction (generally to the south).
Each arrow scores points depending on which scoring zone it lands in. Scoring zones are defined by maximum radii from the flag pole. There are ten zones in Australian clout. Zones may be marked on the ground, but these are not used for scoring. Only the scoring zones marked on the rope or chain are used for scoring.
See also
Archery
Target archery
Field archery
History of archery
Arrow
Bow
References
Note: FITA is now officially known as the World Archery Federation, abbreviated as WA.
Archery
Corlies–Hart–Ritter House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York. It was built about 1872, and is a -story, Second Empire style frame dwelling with a -story rear section. A garage was added about 1920. It has a fishscale slate-covered, concave-shaped mansard roof. The front façade features a full-width, one-story, flat-roofed, porch. It was home to three successive families important in local musical history.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Second Empire architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1872
Houses in Poughkeepsie, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Poughkeepsie, New York
The Cinema of Benin refers to the film industry of the Republic of Benin in West Africa.
History
Sources differ as to the which was the first Beninese film, with some pointing to the short Lumière des hommes (1954, director unknown), with others pointing to the work of Pascal Abikanlou, who made a number of documentaries in the 1960s, followed by their first feature film Sous le signe du vaudou in 1974. Richard De Medeiros was another noted director of the early independence years, beginning with 1970's Le roi est mort en exil, an examination of Béhanzin, the last king of Dahomey. They went on to make the feature-length Le nouveau venu (1972), which explored the issue of corruption and the conflict between modernity and tradition in Benin. François Okioh made a number of short documentaries in the 1980s, as well as the feature-length dramas Ironou (1985) and Enfants de... (1985). Noted filmmakers of the last two decades are Jean Odoutan (Barbecue Pejo, 2000; Pim-Pim Tché, 2010), Idrissou Mora Kpai (Si-Gueriki, la reine-mère, 2002) and Sylvestre Amoussou (Africa Paradis, 2006).
List of Beninese films
This is a sortable list of films produced in Benin.
See also
Culture of Benin
List of African films
References
External links
Benin film at the Internet Movie Database
Films
Benin
Benin
Phtheochroa aegrana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alberta, Oregon, California and New Mexico.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August and in January.
References
Moths described in 1879
Phtheochroa
Volumen ProIIIbido also known as Volumen Prohibido is the third studio album from Mexican hip hop group Cartel de Santa. It was released on March 20, 2006 by Sony BMG and Babilonia Music. The album has featured guests such as Sinful El Pecador, Mr. Pomel and Mery Dee.
Track listing
Mira Quien Vuelva Al 100
Cheka Wey (ft. Mery Dee)
La Ranfla del Cartel
Déjate Caer (ft. Mr. Pomel)
Hey Si Me Ven
México Lindo y Bandido
2 Mujeres En Mi Cama
Si Son Bien Jotos (ft. Mr. Pomel)
Yo Me La Perez Prado
Conexión Vieja Escuela (ft. Sinful El Pecador)
Subele a La Greibol
Ahora Si Voy A Lokear
References
2006 albums
Cartel de Santa albums
The 2014–15 Borussia Mönchengladbach season was the 114th season in the club's football history. In the previous season, Borussia finished in fifth place and thus qualified for the UEFA Europa League Play-off Round. In the Bundesliga, it was the club's seventh consecutive season, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2008.
Players
Squad
As of 6 July 2014
Transfers
In
Out
Season overview
August
In the first round draw of the DFB-Pokal, Mönchengladbach were drawn against FC 08 Homburg. The match took place on 16 August. Mönchengladbach got two goals from Branimir Hrgota and an extra goal from André Hahn. Hahn gave Mönchengladbach a 1–0 lead before Marc Gallego for Homburg equalized in the 20th minute. Then Hrgota scored in the 45th and 51st minutes to give Mönchengladbach a 3–1 lead.
In Borussia Mönchengladbach's opening match of the Bundesliga campaign, on matchday 1, on 24 August, resulted in a 1–1 draw against VfB Stuttgart. Christoph Kramer scored for Mönchengladbach and Alexandru Maxim scored for Stuttgart. Maxim gave Stuttgart the lead in the 51st minute than Kramer equalized in the 90th minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in 10th place.
On matchday 2, on 31 August, Mönchengladbach and SC Freiburg finished their match in a 0–0 draw. There were three yellow cards handed out in the match. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in 11th place.
September
On matchday 3, on 13 September, Mönchengladbach defeated Schalke 04 4–1. Mönchengladbach got two goals from André Hahn and a goal each from Max Kruse, Raffael and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting scored for Schalke. Hahn gave Mönchengladbach a 2–0 lead when they scored their two goals in the 17th and 50th minutes. Chuopo-Moting pulled Schalke a goal back in the 52nd minute before Kruse restored the two-goal lead in the 56th minute. Raffael put Mönchengladbach up 4–1 in the 79th minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in sixth place.
The match between Mönchengladbach and 1. FC Köln, on matchday 4, on 21 September, finished in a 0–0 draw. Mönchengladbach finished the mathday in Seventh place.
Then on matchday 5, on 24 September, Mönchengladbach defeated Hamburger SV 1–0 with a 24th-minute goal from Max Kruse. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in sixth place.
Then on matchday 6, on 27 September, Mönchengladbach defeated SC Paderborn 2–1. Patrick Herrmann and Raffael scored for Mönchengladbach and Jens Wemmer scored for Paderborn. Herrmann scored in the eighth minute and Raffael scored in the 14th minute to give Mönchengladbach a 2–0 lead. Wemmer pulled Paderborn a goal back in the 70th minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in second place.
October
The match between Mönchengladbach and Mainz 05 on matchday 7, on 5 October, finished in a 1–1 draw. Max Kruse scored for Mönchengladbach and Jonas Hofmann scored for Mainz. Kruse gave Mönchengladbach a 1–0 lead in the 15th minute before Hofmann equalized from a penalty shot in the 31st minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in third place.
On matchday 8, on 18 October, Mönchengladbach defeated Hannover 96 3–0 with two goals from Max Kruse and a goal from Granit Xhaka. Kruse scored their first goal in the 14th minute, then Xhaka made it 2–0 in the 49th minute, Kruse got their second goal in the 90th minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in second place.
The match between Mönchengladbach and Bayern Munich, on matchday 9, on 26 October, finished in a 0–0 draw. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in second place.
In the second round of the DFB-Pokal, Mönchengladbach were drawn against Eintracht Frankfurt. The match took place on 29 October. Mönchengladbach won 2–1. Thorgan Hazard and Ibrahima Traoré scored for Mönchengladbach and Václav Kadlec scored for Frankfurt. Hazard scored in the 17th minute and Traoré scored in the 67th minute to put Mönchengladbach up 2–0. Kadlec pulled one back in the 89th minute.
November
On matchday 10, on 2 November, Mönchengladbach defeated 1899 Hoffenheim 3–1. Mönchengladbach got two goals from Patrick Herrmann and a goal from André Hahn. Anthony Modeste scored for Hoffenheim. Hahn scored in the 12th minute to give Mönchengladbach the lead. Then Modeste equalized in the 30th minute. Mönchengladbach reclaimed the lead when Herrmann scored two minutes later. They got their second goal of the match in the 52nd minute. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in third place.
December
January
February
March
In the round 3 draws of the DFB-Pokal, Mönchengladbach were drawn against Kickers Offenbach. The match took place on 4 March. Mönchengladbach won 2–0 with goals from Max Kruse and Patrick Herrmann. Kruse scored in the 52nd minute from a penalty shot and Herrmann scored in the 83rd minute.
The match on matchday 24, on 7 March, between Mönchengladbach and 1. FSV Mainz 05 finished in a 2–2 draw. Mönchengladbach took a 2–0 lead when Raffael scored in the 27th and 67th minutes. However, Mainz came back to score two goals from Johannes Geis and Shinji Okazaki. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in third place.
On matchday 25, on 15 March, Mönchengladbach defeated Hannover 95 2–0 with two goals from Patrick Herrmann. Herrmann scored in the 43rd and 75th minutes. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in third place.
On matchday 26, on 22 March, Mönchengladbach defeated Bayern 2–0 with two goals by Raffael. Raffael scored in the 30th and 77th minutes. Mönchengladbach finished the matchday in third place.
April
In the quarter-final draw of the DFB-Pokal, Mönchengladbach were drawn against Arminia Bielefeld. The match took place on 9 April. The match drew at 1–1, and after extra time, went into penalties. Mönchengladbach lost 4–5 on penalties.
Competitions
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
UEFA Europa League
Play-off round
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
Goalscorers
This includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Last updated: 30 May 2015
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total cards are equal.
Last updated on 25 September 2014
References
Borussia Mönchengladbach seasons
Borussia Monchengladbach
Borussia Mönchengladbach
Holzrichter Glacier () is a broad tributary glacier which drains the northeastern slopes of the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica between Mount Wade and Mount Oliver and enters Gough Glacier just north of Mount Dodge. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Max A. Holzrichter, U.S. Navy, Deputy Commander and Chief of Staff of the U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica in 1964 and 1965.
References
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
Orosius may refer to:
Paulus Orosius (b. circa 375, d. 418?), a Christian historian, theologian and student of Augustine of Hippo from Gallaecia
Bobbio Orosius, an early 7th-century manuscript of the Chronicon by Paulus Orosius
Orosius (leafhopper), a bug genus in the family Cicadellidae
See also
List of Roman cognomina
Kure Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.3 km2. The dam impounds about 40 ha of land when full and can store 414 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1970.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1970 establishments in Japan
Detective Inspector Jack Mooney is a fictional character on the British–French crime drama television series Death in Paradise, portrayed by Ardal O'Hanlon.
Character
Mooney is portrayed as "friendly" and "unassuming", and an underestimated "genius detective". Ed Power for The Independent described the character of Mooney as a rarity amongst modern portrayals of detectives on television in that their "personal life is not a distracting mess".
Appearances
Mooney first appears in Man Overboard – Part One (Series 6, Episode 5), as a liaison officer assigned to DI Humphrey Goodman.
A subplot follows Mooney's daughter Siobhan leaving the island for university in the United Kingdom.
Another subplot follows Mooney's romance with Anna (portrayed by Nina Wadia), a newly divorced traveller visiting Saint Marie.
Mooney's last appearance is in Pirates of the Murder Scene (Series 9, Episode 4), when they decide to return home to London with their daughter Siobhan.
References
Death in Paradise characters
Fictional British police detectives
Television characters introduced in 2017
Sir Percy Malcolm Stewart, 1st Baronet (9 May 1872 – 27 February 1951), was an English industrialist and philanthropist. They incorporated The London Brick Company in the 1920s which was at the time reputed to be the largest brick making company in the United Kingdom.
Early life
Stewart was born at St Leonards, Sussex, sixth of eight children of Halley Stewart. Stewart attended the University School, Hastings, the King's School, Rochester, and the Royal High School, Edinburgh, and was also educated in Germany. They entered their father's business in 1891. The family lived in Luton until the early 1900s at Bramingham Shott estate, their home went on to become Luton Museum, and the estate Wardown Park.
Business
The cement business in which the family was interested - B. J. Forder & Son Ltd - became part of the British Portland Cement Manufacturers Ltd in 1912, and Stewart became a managing director. They had remained managing director of the brick division of B. J. Forder & Son until it was amalgamated into The London Brick Company in 1923, and Stewart became chairperson of its board. They became chairperson of the board of the Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers Ltd. (APCM) in 1924 and remained in that position until 1945 when they became company president. They were thus chairperson of the two of the largest monopolistic companies in British industry.
Influence
Sir Percy Malcolm Stewart and their father, Sir Halley Stewart, believed in good working and living conditions for employees. They developed the model village of Stewartby in Bedfordshire from 1926 onwards. As a special commissioner appointed by Ramsay MacDonald's coalition government of 1934, they helped devise schemes to reduce unemployment. In 1934, Sir Malcolm bought The Lodge at Sandy, which is currently the headquarters of The RSPB. Stewart was created a Baronet, of Stewartby in the County of Bedford, in 1937. They were a governor of The Peckham Experiment in 1949.
During the 1930s, the hamlet of Wooton Pillinge, Bedfordshire, near the largest concentration of brickworks, was rebuilt as a model village for brick workers, and renamed Stewartby.
Death
They died in February 1951, aged 78, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by their son Ronald.
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Bibliography
Shakespeare, Geoffrey, ‘Stewart, Sir (Percy) Malcolm, first baronet (1872–1951)', rev. Chris Pickford, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2004. Retrieved 5 September 2007.
External links
Article on the village of Stewartby
1872 births
1951 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
English philanthropists
People from Luton
Deputy Lieutenants of Bedfordshire
English businesspeople
People educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh
University of Zenica (Bosnian: Univerzitet u Zenici) is a public university located in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The university was founded in 2000, when faculties in Zenica decided to separate from the University of Sarajevo.
History
The college of metallurgy was established in 1950 and has been transferred to Faculty of Metallurgy in 1961 as an outside faculty of the University of Sarajevo. From there more faculties were added and enrollment increased, until an independent University was created by the Parliament of Zenica-Doboj Canton in 2000. The University is member of the Balkan Universities Network.
Faculties
Faculty of Metallurgy and Technology
Faculty of Mechanical Engineering
Faculty of Philosophy
Faculty of Economics
Faculty of Law
Medical Faculty
Faculty of Islamic Pedagogy
Polytechnic Faculty
Institutes
Institute "Kemal Kapetanović"
Graduate promotion
The University hosts annual promotion ceremony for all graduate students of both BA and MA study programme. The ceremony is held every October in Arena Zenica.
See also
List of universities in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Education in Bosnia and Herzegovina
References
External links
Universities in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Educational institutions established in 2000
Zenica
2000 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Anthony Hickox (born 30th January 1959) is an English film director, producer, actor and screenwriter.
 They are best known for their work in the horror genre, with films like Waxwork and its sequel, Waxwork II: Lost in Time, Sundown: The Vampire in Retreat, Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth, and Warlock: The Armageddon. They directed a 1997 film adaptation of the long-running Prince Valiant comic strip starring Stephen Moyer as the eponymous character.
Biography
Anthony "Tony" Hickox was born in 1959 in Hampstead, London to a family of filmmakers.  They are the eldest son of the director Douglas Hickox and Academy Award-winning editor Anne V. Coates and elder brother of editor Emma E. Hickox and James D.R. Hickox.  They are also the great nephew of Lord J. Arthur Rank who controlled the British film industry for many years.
After starting as a club promoter in London they came to LA in 1986 and became a writer/director during the late 80s and 90s. Their visual style often uses a dual-focus technique in which one person's face takes up most of the screen in profile, with another person shown on the other half of the screen in the background.
They then started directing action movies after a list of well-known '90s horror films including the third entry in the Hellraiser series. This led to HBO hiring them to make its first action/horror Full Eclipse which spawned the Friday night action slot that lasted over 5 years and to which Hickox made several more contributions. At the same time, they continued their deal at Universal where they shot pilots for Extreme, Two, Martial Law and New York Undercover.
After working with Natascha McElhone and William Hurt (Contaminated Man), they went on to direct Katherine Heigl and Stephen Moyer in a feature-length adaptation of the Prince Valiant comic strip. The film was described by one of its actors, Warwick Davis, as "a disaster from start to finish" which was "premiered, panned and bombed". They blame this on Hickox, who they say "seemed intent on partying all night long and giving roles to their friends." He's also known as a fighter. They famously knocked out German producer, Bernd Eichinger on a boat in Cannes for re-cutting their film ‘Prince Valliant'. Also tipped a full breakfast table over another powerful producer who refused sign a deal.
They then directed Steven Seagal in Submerged and Eddie Griffin in Blast, both made over $15 million each via a direct-to-video release. In 2008, they completed the British horror movie Knife Edge.
They were on the board of directors of the now dissolved film distribution company Seven Arts Pictures run by Peter Hoffman, the ex-chairperson of Carolco and the production company Medient Studios run by Indian film producer Manu Kumaran. In 2011 Medient co-financed Nick Cassavetes' Yellow and Noel Clarke's Storage 24 . They and Caitlin Fowler ended their relationship in 2012.
They recently married Romanian actor Madalina Anea.
And just completed 'Underdogs Rising' with Chris Pang (Crazy rich Asians) and ‘Infamous 6' which shot in Hong Kong, for PopLife Global owned by Ex Chatman of Disney China.
 They are presently working on Fellini bio pic and The Bride' shooting in Spain.
Filmography
Feature films
Waxwork (1988)
Sundown: The Vampire in Retreat (1989)
Waxwork II: Lost in Time (1992)
Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth (1992)
Full Eclipse (1993)
Warlock: The Armageddon (1993)
Payback (1995)
Invasion of Privacy (1996)
Prince Valiant (1997)
Storm Catcher (1999)
Jill Rips (2000)
Contaminated Man (2000)
Last Run (2001)
Federal Protection (2002)
Consequence (2003)
Blast (2004)
Submerged (2005)
Knife Edge (2008)
Exodus to Shanghai (2015)
Underdogs Rising (2017)
Infamous 6 (2019)
Television
New York Undercover episode 3: Missing (1994)
Extreme (1995) - pilot episode
Two (1995) — pilot episode
Pensacola: Wings of Gold episode: Broken Wings (1998)
Martial Law (1998) — pilot episode
Shoot Me! (2003) - pilot/series
References
External links
English film directors
Horror film directors
Living people
1959 births
A non-binding referendum on same-sex marriage was held in Bermuda on 23 June 2016. Voters were asked two questions; whether they were in favour of same-sex marriages and whether they are in favour of same-sex civil unions. While the majority of voters voted against both proposals, the results were invalid as the turnout of 46.89% was below the 50% requirement.
Opinion polls
A Global Research poll, conducted between 6 and 13 June 2016 for The Royal Gazette, found that 49% of registered voters opposed same-sex marriage, 41% were in favour and 10% did not know. A separate question on the same survey found that 52% supported civil unions for same-sex couples, 39% were against and 9% did not know.
Results
See also
Same-sex marriage in Bermuda
LGBT rights in Bermuda
References
2016 in Bermuda
2016
2016 referendums
2016 in LGBT history
LGBT rights in Bermuda
June 2016 events in North America
Same-sex marriage referendums
Spain competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Medalists
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Archery
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
Field events
Women
Track & road events
Field events
Boccia
The Spain national boccia team qualified to the BC1/BC2 mixed team tournament (and for the individual tournament in both categories) because their third position in the BISFED 2015 Boccia World Team Rankings.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Spain qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Track
The Men's 1000 metres C4-5 time trial is an event with cyclist of class C4 and C5. Alfonso Cabello made the C5 Paralympic Record.
Football 5-a-side
The Spain men's national Football 5-a-side team qualified to the tournament after the Russian team was banned, and because of their third position (behind Russia) in the 2015 IBSA Football 5-a-side European Championships.
5th–6th place match
Judo
Paracanoeing
Spain qualified one boat in men's KL2 in the 2016 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
Powerlifting
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships. Spain qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the Sonar event with a thirteenth-place finish overall and the fifth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Francisco Llobet, Hector Garcia, and Manuel Gimeno. They qualified a second boat in the SKUD 18 event with a thirteenth-place finish overall and the fifth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Sergio Roig and Violeta Del Reino. Spain qualified a third boat in the 2.4m event with a seventeenth-place finish overall and the seventh country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Antonio Maestre. They tied with fellow Spaniard Montes Vorcy Arturo for seventeenth place but won on the tiebreaker.
Shooting
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek, Croatia, where Rio direct qualification was available. They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Juan Antonio Saavedra in the R6 – 50m Rifle Prone Mixed SH1 event.
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio. Teresa Perales earned Spain a spot after winning gold in the Women's 50m Backstroke S5.
Man 's
Woman 's
Table tennis
Triathlon
Wheelchair basketball
The Spain men's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics. During the draw, Brazil had the choice of which group they wanted to be in. They were partnered with Spain, who would be in the group Brazil did not select. Brazil chose Group B, which included Iran, the United States, Great Britain, Germany and Algeria. That left Spain in Group A with Australia, Canada, Turkey, the Netherlands and Japan.
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
Wheelchair tennis
Lola Ochoa qualified for Rio in the women's singles event via a Bipartite Commission Invitation place. Daniel Caverzaschi, Martin De La Puente and Francesc Tur qualified in the men's singles event via the standard qualification process.
See also
Spain at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Spanish sport
Teresa Isaac, an American politician, served as mayor of Lexington, Kentucky from 2003 to 2007.
Political life
Isaac was elected to the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government council as an At-Large member in 1988. In 1992, they were reelected to the Urban County Council (UCC) becoming the Vice-Mayor. They served in that capacity until 1999. In 1996, Teresa Isaac ran for the Democratic nomination for the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky. They came in third.
Isaac returned to elected office in 2002 as the Mayor of Lexington, Kentucky.
In that race, they defeated attorney Scott Crosbie. Crosbie had previously served on the City Council. Isaac's victory was credited to their tireless campaigning and a light turnout in the suburbs, which represented Crosbie's political base of conservatives.
Them term as mayor was marked with controversy, as their controversial attempts to use eminent domain to condemn the local water company and the Lexington Mall both failed due to public resistance. The Mayor cites the following accomplishments:
Eminent domain proceedings to gain local ownership of Lexington's water utility from a foreign-owned conglomerate
Increased pay for police, firefighters and corrections personnel
Budget cuts to every other area of government, including significant cuts to their own office budget
However, on November 7, 2006, Vote NO won and condemnation of the water company ended.
In 2006, Isaac ran for reelection but lost to political newcomer and Lexington corporate attorney Jim Newberry. Most recently, Isaac has been employed as a campaign staffer for Kentucky business person Bruce Lunsford. Lunsford made an unsuccessful attempt to win the Democratic nomination for Kentucky Governor in May 2007. Isaac currently practices law and teaches as an adjunct professor at several Kentucky colleges. They have been a crusader for same-sex marriage and LGBTQ rights. They currently are championing the cause of the Green movement and seeks to curtail or end all coal fire burning
plants and factories in the United States including Kentucky's own coal industry which says claim is destroying the natural
beauty of Kentucky. They said their downfall was the ill-fated forced attempt of the government takeover of the Lexington
water company, which ruined their chances at a second term as Mayor of Lexington.
References
Kentucky Democrats
Mayors of Lexington, Kentucky
Women mayors of places in Kentucky
Transylvania University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The Girl from the Rhine () is a 1922 German silent romance film directed by Hans Felsing and starring Ellen Plessow.
Cast
In alphabetical order
Paul Conradi as Winegrower Anton Langbein
Vera Conti as recruiter
Carl Geppert
Melitta Klefer as Christl Pröppke, daughter
Manfred Koempel-Pilot as Lotse Jörg
Ellen Plessow as Frau Langbein
Fritz Russ as Pröppke, village schoolmaster
Mizzi Schütz as Anna Pröppke
Emil Stammer as Pensioner Kußlich
Helene Voß as Lene Voß
Gustav Zeitzschel
References
External links
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Hans Felsing
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
In the theory of permutation patterns, a skew-merged permutation is a permutation that can be partitioned into an increasing sequence and a decreasing sequence. They were first studied by and given their name by .
Characterization
The two smallest permutations that cannot be partitioned into an increasing and a decreasing sequence are 3412 and 2143. was the first to establish that a skew-merged permutation can also be equivalently defined as a permutation that avoids the two patterns 3412 and 2143.
A permutation is skew-merged if and only if its associated permutation graph is a split graph, a graph that can be partitioned into a clique (corresponding to the descending subsequence) and an independent set (corresponding to the ascending subsequence). The two forbidden patterns for skew-merged permutations, 3412 and 2143, correspond to two of the three forbidden induced subgraphs for split graphs, a four-vertex cycle and a graph with two disjoint edges, respectively. The third forbidden induced subgraph, a five-vertex cycle, cannot exist in a permutation graph (see ).
Enumeration
For the number of skew-merged permutations of length is
1, 2, 6, 22, 86, 340, 1340, 5254, 20518, 79932, 311028, 1209916, 4707964, 18330728, ... .
was the first to show that the generating function of these numbers is
from which it follows that the number of skew-merged permutations of length is given by the formula
and that these numbers obey the recurrence relation
Another derivation of the generating function for skew-merged permutations was given by .
Computational complexity
Testing whether one permutation is a pattern in another can be solved efficiently when the larger of the two permutations is skew-merged, as shown by .
References
.
.
. See also the attached comment by Volker Strehl.
. See in particular Theorem 2.9, pp. 303–304.
Permutation patterns
The 2014–15 season are the Esteghlal Football Club's 14th season in the Persian Gulf Pro League, and their 21st consecutive season in the top division of Iranian football. They are also competing in the Hazfi Cup and 70th year in existence as a football club.
Club
Coaching staff
Other information
|-
First team squad
Last updated: 14 June 2015
Iran Pro League squad
(c)
U21 = Under 21 Player
U23 = Under 23 Player
New contracts
Transfers
In
Summer
Winter
Out
Summer
Winter
Loan in
Summer
Loan out
Summer
Winter
Competitions
Overall
Note: Current Position/Round Only use for team still a part of Competition.
Competition record
Persian Gulf Pro League
Standings
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Hazfi Cup
Friendlies
Pre-season
Shohada tournament
During season
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Goalkeepers
|-
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Defenders
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Midfielders
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Strikers
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Players sold or loaned out or retired after the start of the season:
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|}
Starting 11
Considering starts in all competitions.
{| class="infobox" style="width:180px;"
|-
|
|Starting 11 line-up
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!rowspan="2" style="width:5%;"|No.
!rowspan="2" style="width:5%;"|Nat.
!rowspan="2" style="width:5%;"|Position
!rowspan="2" style="width:20%;"|Name
!colspan=3|Iran Pro League
!colspan=3|Hazfi Cup
!colspan=3|Total
|-
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
!width=60 |
|-
|34||||DF||Milad Fakhreddini||8||0||0||0||0||0||8||0||0
|-
|13||||MF||Karrar Jassim||4||1||0||0||0||0||4||1||0
|-
|14||||MF||Andranik Teymourian||3||0||0||2||0||0||5||0||0
|-
|3||||DF||Mohammad Reza Khorsandnia||2||0||0||1||0||0||3||0||0
|-
|4||||DF||Amir Hossein Sadeghi||2||0||0||1||0||0||3||0||0
|-
|2||||DF||Khosro Heydari||1||0||0||2||0||0||3||0||0
|-
|16||||DF||Hashem Beikzadeh||3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0||0
|-
|9||||FW||Arash Borhani||2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0||0
|-
|11||||FW||Mohammad Ghazi||1||0||0||1||0||0||2||0||0
|-
|10||||FW||Sajjad Shahbazzadeh||1||0||0||0||1||0||1||1||0
|-
|6||||MF||Omid Ebrahimi||1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||0
|-
|19||||MF||Alireza Ramezani||1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||0
|-
|29||||FW||Milad Soleiman Fallah||1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||0
|-
|17||||MF||Yaghoub Karimi||0||0||0||1||0||0||1||0||0
|-
|5||||DF||Hanif Omranzadeh||1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||0
|-
|colspan="4"| TOTALS
|31
|0
|0
|8
|1
|0
|39
|2
|0
|-
Top scorers
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=200|Player
!width=50|Pro League
!width=50|Hazfi Cup
!width=50|Total
|-
|rowspan="1"|1
|FW
|10
|align=left| Sajjad Shahbazzadeh
|12||1||13
|-
|rowspan="1"|2
|MF
|6
|align=left| Omid Ebrahimi
|9||0||9
|-
|rowspan="2"|3
|FW
|11
|align=left| Mohammad Ghazi
|4||1||5
|-
|MF
|13
|align=left| Karrar Jassim
|3||3||6
|-
|rowspan="1"|5
|FW
|9
|align=left| Arash Borhani
|2||1||3
|-
|rowspan="8"|6
|DF
|2
|align=left| Khosro Heydari
|1||0||1
|-
|DF
|4
|align=left| Amir Hossein Sadeghi
|1||0||1
|-
|MF
|16
|align=left| Hashem Beikzadeh
|1||0||1
|-
|MF
|17
|align=left| Yaghob Karimi
|1||0||1
|-
|MF
|19
|align=left| Alireza Ramezani
|0||1||1
|-
|MF
|23
|align=left| Mehdi Karimian
|1||0||1
|-
|DF
|34
|align=left| Milad Fakhreddini
|1||0||1
|-
|FW
|80
|align=left| Reza Enayati
|1||0||1
|-
|colspan="4"|TOTALS
|33
|7
|40
|-
Top Assister
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=200|Player
!width=50|Pro League
!width=50|Hazfi Cup
!width=50|Total
|-
|rowspan="1"|1
|MF
|13
|align=left| Karrar Jassim
|8||2||10
|-
|rowspan="2"|2
|DF
|2
|align=left| Khosro Heydari
|4||0||4
|-
|MF
|17
|align=left| Yaghoub Karimi
|3||1||4
|-
|rowspan="1"|4
|FW
|9
|align=left| Arash Borhani
|2||1||3
|-
|rowspan="1"|5
|FW
|10
|align=left| Sajjad Shahbazzadeh
|2||0||2
|-
|rowspan="3"|6
|DF
|5
|align=left| Hanif Omranzadeh
|1||0||1
|-
|MF
|19
|align=left| Alireza Ramezani
|1||0||1
|-
|DF
|34
|align=left| Milad Fakhreddini
|1||0||1
|-
|colspan="4"|TOTALS
|22
|4
|26
|-
Goals conceded
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!width=60|Position
!width=60|Nation
!width=60|Number
!width=200|Name
!width=80|Pro League
!width=80|Hazfi Cup
!width=80|Total
!width=80|Minutes per goal
|-
|GK
|
|1
|Mohsen Forouzan
|23
|4
|27
| min
|-
|GK
|
|12
|Alberto Rafael da Silva
|0
|0
|0
| min
|-
|GK
|
|21
|Farzin Garousian
|0
|0
|0
| min
|-
|GK
|
|30
|Vahid Talebloo
|0
|0
|0
| min
|-
| colspan="4"| TOTALS
|23
|4
|27
| min
|-
Overall statistics
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!
!colspan="3" width="3"|Total
!colspan="3" width="3"|Home
!colspan="3" width="3"|Away
|-
!
!Pro League
!Hazfi Cup
!Total
!Pro League
!Hazfi Cup
!Total
!Pro League
!Hazfi Cup
!Total
|-
|align=left| Games played || 16 || 3 || 19 || 8 || 1 || 9 || 8 || 2 || 10
|-
|align=left| Games won || 8 || 2 || 10 || 5 || 1 || 6 || 3 || 1 || 4
|-
|align=left| Games drawn || 3 || 1 || 4 || 2 || 0 || 2 || 1 || 1 || 2
|-
|align=left| Games lost || 5 || 0 || 5 || 2 || 0 || 2 || 3 || 0 || 3
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win || 3–0 || 4–2 || 3–0 || 3–0 || 4–2 || 3–0 || 3–0 || 1–0 || 3–0
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss || 3–1 || N/A || 3–1 || 2–1 || N/A || 2–1 || 3–1 || N/A || 3–1
|-
|align=left| Clean sheets || 5 || 1 || 6 || 3 || 0 || 3 || 2 || 1 || 3
|-
|align=left| Goals scored || 25 || 7 || 32 || 13 || 4 || 17 || 12 || 3 || 15
|-
|align=left| Goals conceded || 18 || 4 || 22 || 7 || 2 || 9 || 11 || 2 || 13
|-
|align=left| Goal difference || +7 || +3 || +10 || +6 || +2 || +8 || +1 || +1 || +2
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || || || || || || || ||
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || || || || || || || ||
|-
|align=left| Points || 27/48 (%) || 7/9 (%) || 34/57 (%) || 19/24 (%) || 3/3 (%) || 22/27 (%) || 8/24 (%) || 4/6 (%) || 12/30 (%)
|-
|align=left| Winning rate || % || % || % || % || % || % || % || % || %
|-
|align=left| Most appearances || 16 || 3 || 19 || align=left colspan=3| Mohsen Forouzan
|-
|align=left| Most minutes played || 1440 || 330 || 1770 || align=left colspan=3| Mohsen Forouzan
|-
|align=left| Top scorer || 7 || 1 || 8 || align=left colspan=3| Sajjad Shahbazzadeh
|-
|align=left| Top assister || 5 || 2 || 7 || align=left colspan=3| Karrar Jassim
|-
See also
2014–15 Iran Pro League
2014–15 Hazfi Cup
References
External links
Iran Premier League Statistics
Persian League
Esteghlal F.C. seasons
Esteghlal
Robert Doull (1828 – December 9, 1906) was a Scottish-born Canadian merchant and political figure. They represented Pictou in the House of Commons of Canada from 1872 to 1874 and from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
They were born in Wick, Caithness-shire, Scotland, the son of John Doull and Jane Craig, and came to Nova Scotia with their parents while still an infant. In 1852, they married Janet Crichton. Doull was a lieutenant-colonel for the Pictou County militia. They served as treasurer for the county for 15 years and was a director of the Pictou Bank. Doull was defeated in 1874 but then ran successfully for a federal seat in 1878. In 1888, they moved to Craven, Northwest Territories.
Electoral history
References
1828 births
1906 deaths
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Nova Scotia
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Abrasive flow machining (AFM), also known as abrasive flow deburring or extrude honing, is an interior surface finishing process characterized by flowing an abrasive-laden fluid through a workpiece. This fluid is typically very viscous, having the consistency of putty, or dough. AFM smooths and finishes rough surfaces, and is specifically used to remove burrs, polish surfaces, form radii, and even remove material. The nature of AFM makes it ideal for interior surfaces, slots, holes, cavities, and other areas that may be difficult to reach with other polishing or grinding processes. Due to its low material removal rate, AFM is not typically used for large stock-removal operations, although it can be.
Abrasive flow machining was first patented by the Extrude Hone Corporation in 1970.
Process
In abrasive flow machining, the abrasive fluid flows through the workpiece, effectively performing erosion. Abrasive particles in the fluid contact raised features on the surface of the workpiece and remove them. The fluid is forced through the workpiece by a hydraulic ram, where it acts as a flexible file, or slug, molding itself precisely to the shape of the workpiece. The highest amount of material removal occurs in areas where the flow of the fluid is restricted; according to Bernoulli's Principle, the flow speed and pressure of the fluid increase in these areas, facilitating a higher material removal rate (MRR). The pressure exerted by the fluid on all contacting surfaces also results in a very uniform finish.
AFM may be performed once, as a one-way flow process, or repeatedly as a two-way flow process. In the two-way flow process, a reservoir of medium exists at either end of the workpiece, and the medium flows back and forth through the workpiece from reservoir to reservoir.
Equipment
An abrasive flow machine normally includes two medium chambers equipped with hydraulic rams, a fixture for holding the workpiece, and a clamping system that holds all the components tightly together. Most machines allow for the loading of different types of abrasive medium, and include the capacity to adjust the pressure used in extruding the medium through the workpiece. They may be manually operated, or automated using CNC. For machines designed to accommodate high production volumes, accessories such as part-cleaning stations, unloading and reloading stations, media refeed devices, and media heat exchangers may be included.
See also
Hydro-erosive grinding
References
External links
Video of abrasive flow machining
Process description
Grinding and lapping
Metalworking
The Trials of Darksmoke are a 2013 fantasy-adventure fan film based upon Mattel's Masters of the Universe franchise. It is the third and final film in a trilogy that includes The Wizard of Stone Mountain and The Fountain of Life. The film was directed by John F. Carroll during the Winter and Spring of 2012 around Austin, Texas and the Texas Hill Country.
The film ties together several plots that have run throughout the trilogy. The Wizard, Malik, He-Man, She-Ra and their friends journey throughout Eternia attempting to stop the evil Skeletor. The film was set to debut at Grayskull Con 2013 in Germany in September 2013, followed by Screenings at Power-Con 2013 in Los Angeles and the Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, Texas. However, due to longer than expected post-production, the film was delayed until 2014. The film will be free to view online and will begin streaming sometime in late 2014.
Plot
The evil Skeletor has released an unspeakable demonic power and with it, they will conquer Castle Grayskull and the rest of the universe! He-Man and She-Ra work against the odds to stop Skeletor while the wizard Malik claims an ancient power bestowed by the great dragon Granamyr. But will the cost be too great?
Cast
John F. Carroll as Malik
David McCullars as He-Man
Chris Romani as Evil-Lyn
Javier Smith as Keldor, Zodak
Bethany Harbaugh as Teela
Bridget Farias as Kareen
Richard Dodwell as Kyros
Joseph Fotinos as King Randor
Bob Swaffar as King Miro
Emily Hampton as Princess Adora, She-Ra
Parker Danks as Chad
Robert Berry as Grandfather
Juli Dearrington as The Sorceress
Andrew Brett as Skeletor
Elisabeth Raine as Rayna
Laura Cannon as Myrna
Ben Scott as Man-At-Arms
Taylor Basinger as Giaus
Björn Korthof as Prince Adam
Johnny Bilson as Tri-Klops
Peggy Schott as Queen Angella
Briony Zakes as Frosta
Lee Wilson as King Grayskull
Darwin Miller as Eldor
Kenneth C. Liverman as King Ragnar
Dean Stefan as Elder in Council of Elders
Dan Eardley as Elder in Council of Elders
Danielle Gelehrter as Elder in Council of Elders
Rob Lamb as Elder in Council of Elders
Jukka Issakainen as Elder in Council of Elders
Jon Kallis as Elder in Council of Elders
Joshua Van Pelt as Elder in Council of Elders
James Eatock as Elder in Council of Elders
Production
The Trials of Darksmoke and The Fountain of Life were shot simultaneously during the winter and spring of 2012. With pick-up shots scheduled for Winter 2013. The films were shot digitally, using two DSLR cameras—A Canon T2i and a Nikon D7000. A riverbed in Walnut Creek Park, a location that had been used in the previous films in the series, collapsed after a rainstorm in April 2012 and was repurposed for other set locations.
Reception
The film is currently in post-production and will premiere in the Autumn of 2013.
Sequels
The Trials of Darksmoke are part of a trilogy that includes The Wizard of Stone Mountain and The Fountain of Life. The Trials of Darksmoke are the third and final film in the trilogy.
References
External links
The Trials of Darksmoke Facebook Page
Internet Movie Database
Films shot in Austin, Texas
English-language films
Mong Ping Township is a township of Kengtung District (formerly part of Mong Hsat District) in the Shan State of Myanmar. The capital town is Mong Ping.
References
Townships of Shan State
Mongsat District
Jeon Min-Jae(Korean:전민재) (born 12 July 1977) is a Paralympian athlete from South Korea competing mainly in category T36 sprint events.
Jeon first competed at a Paralympics in Beijing in 2008, where they entered both the 100m and 200m sprints, finishing 6th and 4th respectively. Four years later at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, they won silver in the 100m and 200m finals, finishing behind Russia's Elena Sviridova in both. As well as their Paralympic success Jeon has won medals at both World Championships and the Asian Para Games.
Personal history
Jeon was born in South Korea in 1977. At the age of five they suffered from encephalitis, which resulted in them acquiring cerebral palsy.
Notes
External links
1977 births
Living people
South Korean female sprinters
Paralympic athletes of South Korea
Paralympic silver medalists for South Korea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Bertulfo Álvarez (born Ermilo Cabrera Díaz; 1951 – 27 January 2021) was a Colombian guerrilla fighter and member of the FARC-EP. They were the chief of the Caribbean Bloc of the FARC-EP and was mentioned as a possible new member in the FARC's seven-member secretariat after the death of Alfonso Cano. They were also a member of FARC's Higher Command, which is composed of some 60 members.
References
1951 births
2021 deaths
Members of FARC
Invitation to Hell may refer to:
Invitation to Hell (1982 film), British horror film
Invitation to Hell (1984 film), American television horror film
On the Verge of Insanity () is a 2021 South Korean television series starring Jung Jae-young, Moon So-ri, Lee Sang-yeob and Kim Ga-eun. It aired on MBC TV from June 23 to August 26, 2021 for 16 episodes.
Synopsis
It follows the story of middle-aged office workers struggling to survive in a turbulent workplace.
Cast
Main
Jung Jae-young as Choi Ban-seok, a developer in the home appliance division of Hanmyung Electronics. Although they are a veteran engineer, they end up joining the HR team after a series of ups and downs.
Moon So-ri as Dang Ja-young, the workaholic head of HR team who is respected by their juniors for their outstanding leadership and is trusted by their superiors for their mental agility.
Lee Sang-yeob as Han Se-kwon, the development team leader who is related to the company group's owner.
Kim Ga-eun as Seo Na-ri, the deputy of the planning team.
Supporting
People in research building
Kim Nam-hee as Shin Han-soo
Ahn Nae-sang as Noh Byung-guk
as Gong Jung-pil
Park Won-sang as Peng Su-gon
as Ki Jung-hyun
Baek Min-hyun as Ahn Jun-soo
as Go Jung-sik
as Pyun Dong-il
People in office building
Cha Chung-hwa as Kim Jung-ah
as So Sang-wook
as Gye Bo-ram
as Bae Jung-tak
as Oh Jae-il
People in headquarters
as Han Seung-gi
Kang Ju-sang as Noh Jae-yeol
Kang Yeon-woo as Park Hoon-jung
Extended
Jung Sung-hoon as Yoon Gi-joon
Kim Yoon-seo as Jung Sung-eun
Kim Ye-eun as Oh Hye-yeon
Jung Yeo-jun as Gil Chang-hwan
Yoo Jung-rae as Eo Hae-mi
Kim Seon-ah as Kim Seul-ah
Oh Yu-na as Heo Ga-young
Production
The first script reading of the cast was held at Changwon International Hotel. The series is set in South Gyeongsang Province and cast a large number of locals from that area in minor roles.
References
External links
MBC TV television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2021 South Korean television series debuts
2021 South Korean television series endings
South Korean comedy television series
South Korean workplace television series
Television series by IWill Media
Piotr Sowisz (born September 10, 1971) is a former Polish football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
kyotosangadc
1971 births
Living people
Polish footballers
People from Wodzisław Śląski
J2 League players
Kyoto Sanga FC players
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Sportspeople from Silesian Voivodeship
Association football midfielders
Viking Range Corporation is an American appliance company that manufactures kitchen appliances for residential and commercial use, and is not to be confused with the "house brand" of appliances from the Canadian department store Eaton's which went bankrupt in 1999, and which also used the name "Viking". Viking originated the "professional" segment of kitchen appliances with its introduction of the first professional-grade range for home use in 1987. Today the company offers three complete lines of premium appliances including cooking, ventilation, kitchen clean-up and refrigeration, as well as various outdoor appliances. In addition to their "Professional" and less expensive "Designer" series, Viking's latest offering is their new "Commercial" line of kitchen appliances for use in restaurant and other commercial kitchens. Headquartered on historic Cotton Row in downtown Greenwood, Mississippi, Viking Range employs more than 1,000 people at four manufacturing facilities in Leflore County. In 2013, the Middleby Corporation acquired Viking Range Corporation for $380 million in cash. Within a couple of months of the acquisition the company laid off one-fifth of its employees.
Viking's relationship with Greenwood, Mississippi
Viking opened The Alluvian Hotel in its headquarters city of Greenwood, Mississippi as a tourist destination in 2003. Built as a subsidiary of Viking Range, The Alluvian is a boutique hotel located in the old Hotel Irving in historic downtown Greenwood.
In 2005, Viking opened a destination spa, a cooking school and a restaurant. The Alluvian Spa, Viking Cooking School, and Giardina's Restaurant are part of Viking Hospitality Group, providing training and demonstrations.
2011 product safety settlement
In June 2011, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) accepted a settlement under which Viking agreed to pay $450,000 in civil penalties to settle charges that it failed to report defects in its refrigerators.
Between 1999 and 2006, Viking manufactured side by side and bottom-freezer refrigerators that were alleged to be unsafe by the CPSC. Viking issued a recall in 2009. Viking denied any violations and a final settlement was made with the CPSC on June 28, 2011.
2017 product safety settlement
In April 2017, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) provisionally accepted a settlement under which Viking agreed to pay $4.6 million in civil penalties to settle charges that "Viking failed to immediately report to CPSC that its gas ranges contained a defect that could create a substantial product hazard or that the ranges created an unreasonable risk of serious injury."
"Between 2008 and 2014, Viking received 170 incident reports of ranges that had turned on spontaneously and could not be turned off using the control knobs, resulting in extreme surface temperatures that posed a burn hazard to consumers. The reported incidents included two consumers who were unable to turn off the range using the controls and were burned while attempting to disconnect the power source. Viking also received five reports that the ranges had turned on spontaneously and caused property damage to the area surrounding the range. Several consumers called 911 for assistance when they discovered that the ranges had turned on spontaneously and could not be turned off or disconnected. Viking knew of this information, but failed to notify CPSC immediately of the defect or risk posed by the ranges, as required by federal law."
"Viking recalled 52,000 ranges in May 2015. The ranges were sold at ABT, Ferguson, Morrison, Pacific Sales, PC Richard & Son and other stores nationwide from July 2007 through June 2014 for between $4,000 and $13,000."
References
External links
https://appliancerepairsantabarbara.com/brands/viking-repair-in-santa-barbara/
Privately held companies based in Mississippi
Home appliance manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Mississippi
Leflore County, Mississippi
Cooking appliance brands
Luxury brands
Opera in the Dutch language is a minor tradition in the opera history of the Netherlands. Since the earliest operas were staged in the Netherlands in the 17th Century the preference has always been for original Italian, French and German versions, or occasionally French translations of Italian and German works.
The 1680s saw the first pastoral semi-operas in Dutch, De triomfeerende Min (1678) and Bacchus, Ceres en Venus (1686). The 18th century saw development of the zangspel (singspiel), such as Zemire en Azor (1784), but these failed to establish a vernacular opera tradition. With a few notable exceptions – such as the 1834 Dutch-language opera Saffo by Johannes Bernardus van Bree to a libretto by Jacob van Lennep (1802–1868), the 19th century saw no major Dutch-language operas. While there continued to be a tradition of art song and choral compositions in Dutch, in the 20th and 21st century original Dutch language opera compositions were to remain rare, and such as in the case of Willem Pijper's Halewijn (1932–34, after the tale of Heer Halewijn) not always well received.
Dutch-language translations of Italian standards were produced from 1886 by the Dutch Opera Company of Johannes George de Groot starting a minor strand in opera performance which persisted, with closures and openings of various opera companies, until World War I, and again in the inter-war years. A revived attempt to produce operas sung in Dutch was made by De Nederlandse Opera in the years following World War II.
Similarly in Belgium the Vlaamse Opera sang French and Italian works in Dutch till the 1980s. Peter Benoit produced their first opera in Flemish, Het dorp in't gebergte (A Mountain Village) in Brussels in 1856.
Peter-Jan Wagemans' 2006 opera Legende premiered in 2011 at De Nederlandse Opera.
References
Dutch
Rangsit Yanothai (born 27 October 1936) is a Thai former sports shooter. They competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1984 Summer Olympics. They also won several medals at the Asian Games.
References
1936 births
Living people
Rangsit Yanothai
Rangsit Yanothai
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1970 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1978 Asian Games
Rangsit Yanothai
Rangsit Yanothai
Rangsit Yanothai
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Paluküla may refer to several places in Estonia:
Paluküla, Hiiu County, village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County
Paluküla, Rapla County, village in Kehtna Parish, Rapla County
Paluküla, Tartu County, village in Haaslava Parish, Tartu County
Diyala Weir, also known as the Diyala Barrage, is a diversion dam on the Diyala River 90 km northeast of Baghdad, Iraq. It was constructed between 1966 and 1969. The main purpose of the dam is to divert outflow of the Hemrin Dam (11 km upstream) on the Diyala River to the Khalis and Sadr Al-Mushtarak canals for irrigation.
The weir and its associated extensive irrigation scheme, were designed in the 1960s by the Consulting Engineers Sir Murdoch McDonald and Partners, of High Holborn, London. At each end it incorporates irrigation canals. These and the weir are crossed by road bridges designed to take the heaviest loads, namely a tank on a wheeled transporter. The bridge works were designed by the then Captain B P Daly of Royal Engineers, who was attached to the Consultants. The weir was featured on a set of three Iraqi postage stamps.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Iraq
References
External links
Dams in Iraq
Dams on the Diyala (Sirwan) River
Dams completed in 1969
1969 establishments in Iraq
Zoysieae is a tribe of grasses in subfamily Chloridoideae, with around 250 species in four genera. All species use the C4 photosynthetic pathway.
The 4 genera are classified in these subtribes:
References
Chloridoideae
Poaceae tribes
Prigoria Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Prigoria, Gorj County. The legal entity managing the Prigoria mine is the CEN Craiova which was set up in 2004.
References
Coal mines in Romania
This article lists described species of the family Asilidae starts with letter B.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
List of Species
Backomyia
Backomyia anomala (Wilcox & Martin, 1957)
Backomyia hannai (Wilcox & Martin, 1957)
Backomyia limpidipennis (Wilcox, 1936)
Backomyia schlingeri (Wilcox & Martin, 1957)
Backomyia seminoensis (Lavigne, 1971)
Bamwardaria
Bamwardaria josephi (Hradský, 1983)
Bana
Bana apicida (Londt, 1992)
Bathropsis
Bathropsis basalis (Curran, 1930)
Bathropsis delgadoi (Kaletta, 1978)
Bathropsis peruviana (Hermann, 1912)
Bathropsis plazai (Kaletta, 1986)
Bathypogon
Bathypogon aoris (Walker, 1849)
Bathypogon asiliformis (Loew, 1851)
Bathypogon bidentatus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon boebius (Walker, 1849)
Bathypogon brachypterus (Macquart, 1838)
Bathypogon calabyi (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon chionthrix (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon cinereus (Hull, 1959)
Bathypogon danielsi (Lavigne, 2006)
Bathypogon douglasi (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon flavifemoratus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon fulvus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon griseus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon hamaturus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon ichthyurus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon macrodonturus (Hull, 1959)
Bathypogon maculipes (Bigot, 1879)
Bathypogon magnus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon microdonturus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon mutilatus (Walker, 1855)
Bathypogon nigrinus (Ricardo, 1912)
Bathypogon nigrochaetus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon nigrotibiatus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon ochraceus (Hull, 1959)
Bathypogon ophiurus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon pedanus (Walker, 1849)
Bathypogon posticus (Walker, 1855)
Bathypogon robustus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon rubellus (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon rubidapex (Hull, 1956)
Bathypogon rufitarsus (Hull, 1958)
Bathypogon testaceovittatus (Macquart, 1855)
Bathypogon tristis (White, 1914)
Bathypogon uncinatus (Hull, 1956)
Beameromyia
Beameromyia bifida (Hardy, 1942)
Beameromyia chrysops (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia dicrana (Scarbrough, 1997)
Beameromyia disfascia (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia floridensis (Johnson, 1913)
Beameromyia graminicola (Farr, 1963)
Beameromyia incisuralis (Scarbrough & Perez-Gelabert, )
Beameromyia insulara (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia kawiensis (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia lacinia (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia lunula (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia macula (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia melana (Scarbrough, 1997)
Beameromyia monticola (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia occidentis (Hardy, 1942)
Beameromyia prairiensis (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia punicea (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia quaterna (Scarbrough, 1997)
Beameromyia silvacola (Martin, 1957)
Beameromyia virginensis (Scarbrough, 1997)
Beameromyia vulgaris (Martin, 1957)
Blepharepium
Blepharepium auricinctum (Schiner, 1867)
Blepharepium cajennensis (Fabricius, 1787)
Blepharepium coarctatum (Perty, 1833)
Blepharepium cunctabundum Papavero & Bernardi, 1973
Blepharepium inca Curran, 1942
Blepharepium luridum Rondani, 1848
Blepharepium lynchi Carrera, 1949
Blepharepium maculipennis (Macquart, 1855)
Blepharepium priapus Papavero & Bernardi, 1973
Blepharepium secabile (Walker, 1860)
Blepharepium subcontractum (Walker, 1856)
Blepharepium surumu Papavero & Bernardi, 1973
Blepharepium sonorensis Papavero & Bernardi, 1973
Blepharepium vorax Curran, 1942
Blepharotes
Blepharotes aterrimus (Hermann, 1907)
Blepharotes coriarius (Wiedemann, 1830)
Blepharotes rischbiethi (Lavigne & Young, 2009)
Blepharotes vivax (Hermann, 1907)
Bohartia
Bohartia bromleyi (Hull, 1958)
Bohartia isabella (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Bohartia martini (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Bohartia munda (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Bohartia nitor (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Bohartia senecta (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Bohartia tenuis (Adisoemarto & Wood, 1975)
Borapisma
Borapisma chinai (Hull, 1957)
Brachyrhopala
Brachyrhopala aurimaculata (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala danielsi (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala flava (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala nigra (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala ochracea (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala quadrata (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala rubrithorax (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala scutellata (Clements, 2000)
Brachyrhopala semirufa (Hardy, 1929)
Brachyrhopala soluta (Walker, 1861)
Brevirostrum
Brevirostrum coei (Oldroyd, 1964)
Bromleyus
Bromleyus flavidorsus (Hardy, 1944)
Bromotheres
Bromotheres australis (Ricardo, 1913)
Bromotheres culicivorus (White, 1918)
Broticosia
Broticosia calabyi (Paramonov, 1964)
Broticosia calignea (Daniels, 1975)
Broticosia paramonovi (Hull, 1962)
Broticosia rapax (Hull, 1958)
Burmapogon
Burmapogon bruckschi (Dikow, 2014)
References
Asilidae
Sandane Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Gloppen Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sandane at the southern end of the Gloppefjorden. It is one of the four churches for the Gloppen parish which is part of the Nordfjord prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, concrete church was built in a rectangular design in 1997 by the architect Helge Hjertholm. The church seats about 300 people.
History
Historically, the Sandane area was part of the parish of the medieval Vereide Church. By the 1930s, the people of Sandane began discussing building a new, more modern church. Some fundraising began, but the World War II came and went and it took a long time after the war before the parish began to really look at building a new church. In the 1980s, the parish began seriously looking at this issue again. An architectural competition was won by the Bergen architect Helge Hjertholm. Construction began in the early 1990s. The first construction stage included building a church hall with some meeting rooms and a kitchen. This stage was completed in 1994. Soon after, construction on the main sanctuary began. The second stage was completed in 1997. The building was consecrated on 8 May 1997 by Bishop Ole Danbolt Hagesæther. For a while, the church was known as since the church was located in the Mona neighborhood of Sandane. In 2016, the church became part of the newly established parish of Gloppen. In 2017, an office area was added on to the church building.
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Gloppen
Churches in Vestland
Rectangular churches in Norway
Concrete churches in Norway
20th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1997
1994 establishments in Norway
Tasneem Siddiqui () is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pudhu Padagan () is a 1990 Indian Tamil-language masala film written, produced and directed by Kalaipuli S. Thanu who also composed the music. The film stars Vijayakanth and Amala. It was released on 14 April 1990.
Plot
Manikkam and Devi are cousins and they are in love since their childhood. Durai has a sister Valli and they marry Raja. Devi has a brother, a sister-in-law Gowri and a niece Baby.
Manikkam's former boss smuggles idols from the temples and sells them illegally; they also desire to wed Devi. One day, Manikkam finds the culprit and sends them to jail. Valli and their husband have trouble with Arumugam. Manikkam goes to Raja's village to solve their troubles.
Baby vanishes several times and the doctor says that Baby has a serious disease. To save Baby, they must have a lot of money but the doctor's son asks Devi to marry them and they will operate Baby for free.
When Manikkam is back to their village, they see Devi married. Devi goes to the doctor's house and the doctor's mother is found dead. Manikkam tells what happened in Raja's village. Raja killed Arumugam, who beat their wife Valli, and Manikkam to save their brother-in-law went to jail for six months.
Lonely without their lover, Manikkam becomes mad. Devi's husband has a car accident and dies before their wedding night. Devi's father-in-law advises them to go to their village to forget this misadventure. Devi's father-in-law treats Manikkam but they fail. With Devi's help, Manikkam becomes again as before and the doctor tells Devi's choice.
Manikkam's former boss tries to rape Devi, but Manikkam kills them and Devi also dies because of their injuries.
Cast
Vijayakanth as Manikkam
Amala as Devi
Sarathkumar as Manikkam's former boss
Radha Ravi as the doctor
Chandrasekhar as Devi's brother
Rajyalakshmi as Gowri
Baby Aparna as Baby
Chinni Jayanth
Charle
Anandaraj
Meesai Murugesan as Kunjithapatham
Usilaimani
LIC Narasimhan
Thalapathy Dinesh
Sivaji Manohar as the doctor's son (guest appearance)
Anandaraj as Arumugam (guest appearance)
Production
The film was initially titled Theru Paadagan () then retitled Pudhu Padagan. It is Thanu's only film as director, and was shot in Ooty.
Soundtrack
The score and soundtrack were composed by S. Thanu, with lyrics written by himself.
Reception
P. S. S. of Kalki wrote that despite the title, there was no newness, no singer, and after seeing the title, as one watches the film they would feel disappointed.
References
External links
1990 directorial debut films
1990 films
1990s masala films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films shot in Ooty
The , also known as the is a kofun burial mound located in the Katsuhara neighborhood of the city of Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, in the Kansai region of Japan. The tumulus was designated a National Historic Site in 1978.
Overview
The Hisagozuka Kofun is located on the eastern edge of the Ibo River Plain at an elevation of five meters. The tumulus is built on a flat land, but there is a hill on the east side, and it is highly possible that it was built by taking in a portion of the hill extension. It is presumed that the ruins of the nearby village were crushed during the construction because the embankment of the mound was found to contain a mixture of earthenware pieces. The tumulus is a , which is shaped like a keyhole, having one square end and one circular end, when viewed from above. It is orientated to the south and has an overall length of around 100 meters, making it one of the largest in the Nishi-Harima region. The posterior circular portion of the mound is constructed in three tiers, but the anterior rectangular portion is not well-preserved, and its construction is uncertain. The scale of the mound is not clear because the mound has not been confirmed by archaeological excavation, and lengths of anywhere from 98.8 to 109 meters appear in published literature. There are reports that haniwa have been found on the mound, but this is also uncertain and the location of any such artifacts is unknown. Likewise, it is presumed that large fukiishi were used on the mound, but these stones have also disappeared. No trace of a moat has been discovered. A pit-type stone burial chamber was exposed at the southern edge of the rear circle, but from its location, it is presumed that a main burial chamber exists in the central part of the rear circle. No grave goods have been discovered.
The tumulus is presumed to have been built in the early Kofun period based on its shape. The scale of the mound is more than double that of the early burial mounds in the area, and is similar to the tombs of the kings of the Yamato Kingdom at that time.
The tumulus is about a 20-minute walk from Aboshi Station on the JR West San'yo Main Line.
Overall length 109 meters
Posterior circular portion 58 meter diameter x 3-tier
Anterior rectangular portion 40 meters wide
Gallery
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Hyōgo)
References
External links
Himeji city home page
Kofun
Archaeological sites in Japan
History of Hyōgo Prefecture
Himeji, Hyōgo
Historic Sites of Japan
Druids Heath is a large housing estate in southern Birmingham, England covering the south-west quadrant of the B14 postcode (west of the Maypole). Primarily known for the large council estate in the Brandwood ward of south Birmingham. The estate is situated on former farmland on the southern edge of Bells Lane with Druids Lane forming the eastern, southern and western border. When first planned, it was known as Bells Lane Phases 1 and 2 and was part of wider postwar plans for the development of the area to accommodate the growing population of the city. Nearby settlements include Kings Heath and Kings Norton; it used to be part of them.
Part of Druids Heath was ranked as the most deprived area in Birmingham and in the top 50 most deprived areas in the country in the 2019 Multiple deprivation index.
Etymology
The name Druids Heath was formerly Drews Heath named after a local family who farmed here until the mid-19th century. Drew's Farm stood at the junction of Druids Lane and Bells Lane near the Maypole. .
Politics
As of 2018 Druids Heath is in the local council ward of Druids Heath and Monyhull, which is represented by Green Party councillor Julien Pritchard. It is also in the parliamentary constituency of Selly Oak. Therefore, it is represented in the House of Commons by the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) Steve McCabe.
Education
The schools within the Druids Heath area are; The Baverstock Academy (closed 2017), Bells Farm Primary School, The Oaks Primary School and St. Jude's RC Junior and Infant School.
References
Areas of Birmingham, West Midlands
John Hancock (October 24, 1824 – July 19, 1893) was an American judge and politician. As a member of the Texas Legislature they opposed the secession of Texas during the American Civil War. After the war they represented Texas in the United States House of Representatives as a member of the Democratic Party.
Biography
John Hancock was born in Jackson County, Alabama, the seventh of ten children born to John Allen Hancock and Sarah Ryan Hancock. Their older brother George Duncan Hancock was a veteran of Battle of San Jacinto and represented Travis County in the Eleventh Texas Legislature.
Hancock attended the East Tennessee University at Knoxville. They later worked on their father's farm in Alabama before beginning their study of law in Winchester, Tennessee. In 1846 they were admitted to the Alabama bar. In January 1847 they moved to Austin, Texas where they practiced law. In 1851 they were elected district judge of the Second Judicial District for a term of six years. After four years they resigned to resume their lucrative law practice, as well as to engage in farming.
Civil War
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Hancock strongly believed that Texas should remain part of the Union. In 1860 they were elected to the Texas House of Representatives as a Unionist. After the secession of Texas in March 1861, they refused to take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States of America and was expelled from the legislature. During the Civil War they practiced law in the state courts but refused to conduct business or recognize the authority in the Confederate courts. They refused to take part in military service during the war, and in 1864 they fled to Mexico to escape conscription for the Confederacy. After the end of the war they returned to Texas and took part in the restoration of order, including serving as a delegate to the state constitutional convention in 1866.
Post war years
In 1870 they were elected to the United States Congress and served from 1871 to 1877. They served again from 1883 to 1885. They supported the Native American policy of Ulysses S. Grant, which called for placing Native Americans on reservations under supervision of the federal government. While in Congress they helped in the passage of acts related to Native American policy. These acts included changing the manner of issuing rations to Native Americans on the reservations, stipulating that they were to be given once a week, as well as prohibiting Native American hunting-parties unless accompanied by United States Army troops. This latter policy ended raids by Native Americans from the reservations. They also helped establish a military telegraph around the Texas frontier.
Death
They died in Austin in 1893 and is buried in Oakwood Cemetery.
Legacy
On the eighth season of Who Do You Think You Are?, actor and comedian Aisha Tyler learned that Congressman John Hancock was their great-great-great-grandfather. Hancock fathered a child with one of their slaves producing a son, Hugh Hancock, through whom Tyler is descended. Hugh Hancock would become a prominent leader of the Austin African-American community. Active in the local Republican Party, Hugh ran a bar called the Black Elephant.
References
External links
Entry for John Hancock from the Biographical Encyclopedia of Texas published 1880, hosted by the Portal to Texas History.
1824 births
1893 deaths
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Politicians from Austin, Texas
People of Texas in the American Civil War
Burials at Oakwood Cemetery (Austin, Texas)
People from Jackson County, Alabama
University of Tennessee alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
People expelled from United States state legislatures
Southern Unionists in the American Civil War
19th-century American politicians
The 2021–22 season was the 90th season in the existence of Stade de Reims and the club's fourth consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Reims participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Awards
Stade de Reims Player of the Year
Stade de Reims Player of the Month
References
Stade de Reims seasons
Reims
Gibson Osahumen Yah (born 27 September 2003) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Jong FC Utrecht.
International career
Born in the Netherlands, Yah is of Nigerian descent through their Parents.  They are a youth international for the Netherlands.
On 28 May 2022, Yah moved to Jong FC Utrecht.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Career stats & Profile - Voetbal International
2003 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch people of Nigerian descent
Association football midfielders
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
Jong FC Utrecht players
Eerste Divisie players
The men's Greco-Roman 71 kilograms is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 14.
Medalists
Results
Legend
C — Won by 3 cautions given to the opponent
F — Won by fall
Final
Top half
Bottom half
Repechage
References
External links
Official website
Men's Greco-Roman 71 kg
Paavo Liettu (16 May 1905 – 4 September 1964) was a Finnish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. They were born in Keuruu and died in Tampere.
In 1928 they finished fourth in the javelin throw competition.
External links
Profile, sports-reference.com; accessed 27 February 2018.
1905 births
1964 deaths
People from Keuruu
Finnish male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Central Finland
20th-century Finnish people
Lacroix is a crater that is located in the southwest part of the Moon, to the northwest of the large walled plain Schickard. The most notable feature of this crater is the smaller crater Lacroix J that overlies the southern rim. The surviving rim of Lacroix is nearly circular, with a slightly worn inner wall. The interior floor is relatively featureless.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Lacroix.
External links
LAC-110, lunar chart from Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Syson is a surname. People with the surname include:
Antonia Syson (1973-2018), British-American classical scholar specialising in the study of Virgil's Aeneid
Alfred Syson (1880–1952), British fencer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics
Lucinda Syson, nominee for the 2006 Artios Award for Outstanding Achievement in Casting - Big Budget Feature (Drama)
Luke Syson (fl. 1990s–2020s), director of the Fitzwilliam Museum
Sidney Syson, winner in the 2019 Warwick District Council election
Víctor Ramos may refer to:
Víctor Alberto Ramos (born 1945), Argentine geologist
Víctor Ramos (footballer, born 1958), Argentine football striker
Victor Ramos (boxer) (born 1970), retired East Timorese boxer
Victor Ramos (footballer, born 1989), Brazilian football centre-back
Keith Lamar Johnson (May 17, 1972 – September 30, 2022), who went by the stage name Wonderboy, was an American gospel singer-songwriter.
In 1998, they started their solo music career with the release of Through the Storm, published by World Wide Gospel Records. They released fourteen albums, over the course of thirteen years, with World Wide Gospel Records, Worldwide Records, Verity Records, Central South Records, and Blacksmoke Records. Eleven albums charted on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart with other chartings on the Independent Albums and Heatseekers Albums charts.
Johnson died on September 30, 2022, at the age of 50.
Early life
Johnson was born on May 17, 1972, as Keith Lamar Johnson, in Brooklyn, New York, and they were given the moniker "Wonderboy" at the age of five because of their wondrous vocal acumen. They have an older sister Sonya.
They started singing with their father Philip Johnson and Uncles with The original spiritual voices.
Music career
Their music career started in 1998, with the release of Through the Storm by World Wide Gospel Records, and this would be just one of eleven albums to chart on the Billboard magazine charts, with most of the chartings occurring on the Gospel Albums. A few placements were on the Independent Albums chart, for 2000's Live and Alive, 2001's Tribute to Quartet Legends, Vol. 1, and 2002's Send a Revival, and those just happen to be the albums that placed on the Heatseekers Albums chart. The labels they have released albums with are World Wide Gospel, World Wide Records, Verity Records, Central South Records, and Blacksmoke Records, and they have released fourteen albums with those labels over the course of their thirteen-year career. Their backing vocalist and band are called The Spiritual Voices.
Discography
References
1972 births
2022 deaths
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Brooklyn
Songwriters from New York (state)
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Round Prairie Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1038.
Geography
Round Prairie Township covers an area of and contains the unincorporated settlements of Carrington, near the headwaters of the Missouri River tributary Middle River, and Boydsville, near another Missouri River tributary (Cedar Creek) bordering Boone County, although no incorporated settlements. It contains four cemeteries: Boydsville, Hundley, Millers Creek and Paris Fork; as well as the streams of Davis Creek, Millers Creek and Smith Creek also run through this township.
History
Created on May 14, 1821, the township initially covered at least the northern 2/3 of the western border areas of Callaway County, from "the township line (boundary?) of 45 and 46 northward to the Audrain County line and eastward to a line along what is now the western boundary of West Fulton Township".
In 1824, Round Prairie Township was reduced in size by the creation of Cedar Township to its south from what was the remainder of the western sector of Cote Sans Dessein Township, and within a year, in 1825, Round Prairie Township was further reduced substantially in size with the creation of a larger-than-today Bourbon township from its northern sector. This continued for about 60 years.
A Round Prairie Post Office, from May 30, 1827 to June 16, 1841, 'about one-half mile north of New Bloomfield' was clearly inside previous Round Prairie Township boundaries, but near the boundary with the new Cedar Township created from its southern portion in 1824 (and 50 years prior to the creation of Guthrie Township). (See Missouri State Historical Society on Callaway place name changes.)
Between 1883 and 1897, Round Prairie Township was again reduced in size by the creation of Guthrie Township from its southernmost area. These changes are significant for research on historical events and genealogy.
A detailed historic map of Round Prairie township in 1930, with about the same boundaries as exist today, can be found on the last page of the atlas posted at:
http://cdm16795.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/moplatbooks/id/656
Further historical maps and texts describing historic township boundaries are posted in the bibliography of the article on Callaway County, Missouri.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Petras Leonas (1864–1938) was a Lithuanian attorney and politician, the first Minister of Justice of the newly independent Lithuania in 1918.
After graduating from Moscow University in 1889, Leonas held a government job at various courts in Suwałki and Uzbekistan. They were fired after supporting the Constitutional Democratic Party (Kadets) during the Russian Revolution of 19to Lithuania and took up private law practice, which they had for 32 years. In 1907, they were elected to the second short-lived State Duma of the Russian Empire. During World War I, Leonas retreated to Russia and was deputy chairperson of the Lithuanian Society for the Relief of War Sufferers. In March 1917, they were one of the founders of the Democratic National Freedom League. They returned to newly independent Lithuania in 1918 and began working on drafting some of the fundamental legislation. They became the first Minister of Justice in November 1918 and the fourth Minister of Internal Affairs in April 1919. They worked to organize judicial system and establish local municipal institutions in the chaotic post-war years. They retired from active politics in October 1919, but continued to consult the Lithuanian government on major pieces of legislation. Leonas became a professor and dean of the Law Faculty at the University of Lithuania.
Early life
Leonas, the youngest of 11 children, was born on 16 November 1864 in near Gudeliai, Suwałki Governorate, to a family of Lithuanian farmers. After studying at primary schools in Šunskai, they went on to study at the Marijampolė Gymnasium which they graduated in 1884 with a silver medal. With financial help from their eldest brother priest Silvestras Leonavičius, Leonas continued their studies at the Law Faculty of Moscow University. They graduated in 1889 as a Candidate of Sciences. As a university student, Leonas joined Lithuanian cultural life by leading a secret society of Lithuanian students that traced its roots to 1860 (there were about 50 Lithuanian students in Moscow at the time). Their first articles were published in Lietuviškasis balsas in 1887. They assisted in organizing the publication of Šviesa and Varpas. Over the following decades, Leonas contributed articles to numerous Lithuanian periodicals, including Ūkininkas, Lietuvos ūkininkas, Vilniaus žinios, Viltis, Lietuvos žinios, Aušrinė, Šaltinis. In 1933–1938, they were the responsible editor of the Kultūra magazine. Their bibliography numbers 165 items.
After the graduation, Leonas became a court clerk (judge candidate) in the Suwałki district court. Due to Russification policies, as a Roman Catholic, they could not get a government job in Lithuania. In 1892, they were transferred to Uzbekistan. They worked as a court interrogator in Tashkent, as justice of the peace and assistant prosecutor in Samarkand, and district judge in Margilan. During the Russian Revolution of 1905, they supported the Constitutional Democratic Party (Kadets) and was dismissed from their government job. They returned to Lithuania in September 1906 taking up private attorney practice in Kaunas and joining Lithuanian cultural life. They became chairperson (1908–1914) of the cultural Daina Society that organized various music and theater performances, joined the Lithuanian Scientific Society, and helped to organize the First Congress of Lithuanian Women in 1907. Leonas was the only man on the congress' presidium.
Political career
Russian Empire
In 1907, Leonas was elected to the second State Duma of the Russian Empire where they joined the Constitutional Democratic Party (Kadets). However, the Duma was dismissed in less than four months during the Coup of June 1907. In 1911, they hired Martynas Yčas as an assistant and became their mentor. With their help, Yčas was elected in the September 1912 elections to the State Duma and became an active and influential politician. With Yčas' help, Leonas was elected to the Central Committee of the Kadets. Leonas prepared a project of Lithuanian autonomy that together with Yčas presented to the Kadet leadership on 28 March 1916. Among other things, the project asked to attach the Suwałki Governorate to Lithuania. The Kadets rejected the project in May and Leonas resigned from the party in protest.
The outbreak of World War I presented an opportunity for Lithuanians to seek autonomy if not independence from the Russian Empire. To strengthen their political position, former and current Lithuanian members of the State Duma decided to establish the Representative Committee that would have more authority in representing the Lithuanians. However, the Committee soon disbanded as its chairperson Leonas resigned in January 1915 in protest of Andrius Bulota's and Mykolas Januškevičius' withdrawals from the Lithuanian Society for the Relief of War Sufferers. The society was officially registered on 27 November and its founding meeting took place on 4 December 1914. Leonas was elected to its Central Committee. In mid 1915, during the Great Retreat of the Russian Imperial Army, Leonas evacuated from Lithuania to Russia where they continued to work on the war relief efforts becoming vice-chairperson of the Lithuanian Society.
In March 1917, Leonas was one of the founders of the Democratic National Freedom League, a party of secular and liberal platform that is often known simply as Santara. As Santara's representative, they participated in the Petrograd Seimas in June 1917. Lithuanian activists hotly debated political future of Lithuania and split into two camps: those that envisioned fully independent Lithuania (mostly right-wing Party of National Progress and Christian Democrats) and those that believed that Lithuania should seek autonomy within Russia (mostly socialist-leaning parties, including Leonas).
Independent Lithuania
In May 1918, Leonas returned to Lithuania and joined the legal committee of the Council of Lithuania. On 11 November 1918, they became the first Minister of Justice in the cabinet of Augustinas Voldemaras. This cabinet was formed by members of the Party of National Progress and their allies; Leonas was the only representative of a different political party. At the start of the Lithuanian–Soviet War, Voldemaras and Antanas Smetona, chairperson of the Council of Lithuania, departed for Germany. Voldemaras left Leonas as their deputy. Left without its leaders, the government resigned so that Mykolas Sleževičius could organize a new cabinet. Leonas remained Minister of Justice in the new cabinet. They refused to join the leftist cabinet of Pranas Dovydaitis, but returned to the fourth cabinet as Minister of Internal Affairs (April–October 1919).
As minister, Leonas propagated ideas of Rechtsstaat (rule of law) and worked to organize, standardize, and improve the judicial system and local municipal institutions. In December 1918, the government passed temporary law on the judicial system which established the Lithuanian Tribunal (supreme court), district courts, and local courts (justice of the peace). Leonas worked to appoint judges and other court officials, but there was an acute lack of qualified personnel. This temporary law was replaced only in 1933. Already in early 1918, together with Tadas Petkevičius and Kostas Jablonskis, they began working on laws governing administrative divisions and local self-government. The law was passed on 10 October 1919, just few days after their tenure of minister ended. On 29 April – 5 May 1919, Leonas held a conference of local representatives during which they emphasized the importance of state building from the ground up, explained competence and jurisdiction of local institutions, discussed the relationship between the central and local government. Leonas spent a lot of effort in rooting out various self-declared parish committees. Leonas also worked on drafting other fundamental laws, including on elections, passports, societies and associations, press, but most of those became effective after their tenure.
Academic career
Leonas retired from active politics in October 1919 and returned to private law practice (in total, they had a private practice for 32 years). In late 1920, Leonas organized the Council of Attorneys, the self-regulating national professional organization of attorneys in Lithuania, and was elected as its first chairperson. At the time, Lithuania had 21 officially registered attorneys. They were elected chairperson again in 1926 and was annually reelected until their death in 1938. Together with Antanas Tumėnas, they represented priest Konstantinas Olšauskas accused of murder during their high profile trial in October 1929.
While no longer a member of the government, Leonas still lent their legal expertise. They were chairperson of the Lithuanian electoral commission that organized democratic elections to the Constituent Assembly and Seimas in 1920–1926. They also consulted on some of the major legislation, including the Constitution of Lithuania and land reform. As a respected authority on legal matters, Leonas was considered several times by the Seimas for President of Lithuania. In 1923–1926, they were a member of the council of the Lithuanian Riflemen's Union.
They also began teaching law at the Higher Courses that evolved into the University of Lithuania by 1922. Their first lecture in February 1920 was on the basics of law. In 1921–1925, they also taught at special courses for municipal officers. At the new university, Leonas became dean of the Law Faculty. They lectured on fundamentals of law, political economy, history of the philosophy of law, ethics. They published several well received textbooks based on their lecture notes. In 1932, during the 10th anniversary celebrations, Leonas received an honorary PhD from the university. In 1933, the Ministry of Education rejected Leonas' request to extend their university tenure beyond the retirement age of 65. The university found a loophole – Leonas was elected as honorary professor and could continue to lecture albeit with no compensation. They retired from teaching in 1934, but returned in fall 1936 with a new course on sociology. The 400-page textbook, published already after Leonas' death, systematically analyzed the principles of sociology and became a pioneering work on sociology in Lithuania.
Leonas cared to support financially struggling students. In 1927, they initiated the Jonas Basanavičius Fund attached to the Council of Attorneys. The fund, about 28,000 litai, spent its earnings on scholarships to students. In 1931, from their personal funds, they established a 1,000 litas prize for student scientific work. Employees of the Law Faculty followed suit and established two prizes (500 litai each) for best paper. Knowing their preferences, the university spent their retirement dinner funds on scholarships. Leonas died suddenly on 12 May 1938. Instead of buying flowers for their funeral, mourners were asked to donate the money to struggling students and victims of a large fire in Palanga.
In 1924, Leonas constructed a two-floor (engineer ) home in Kaunas. The third floor and the attic were added in 1929 and the facade acquired Art Deco features. The house was divided into apartments where Leonas and their son-in-law Steponas Kairys lived; other apartments were rented out.
References
1864 births
1938 deaths
People from Prienai District Municipality
People from Suwałki Governorate
Russian Constitutional Democratic Party members
Farmers' Party (Lithuania) politicians
Ministers of Internal Affairs of Lithuania
Ministers of Justice of Lithuania
Members of the 2nd State Duma of the Russian Empire
20th-century Lithuanian lawyers
Moscow State University alumni
Vytautas Magnus University faculty
Burials at Petrašiūnai Cemetery
William Adams (died 28 September 1748) was an officer of the Royal Navy. They served in the East Indies during the War of the Austrian Succession and was promoted by Admiral Thomas Griffin to be captain of the 50-gun on 12 March 1748. Adams went on to served under Admiral Edward Boscawen at the unsuccessful siege of Pondicherry in 1748 during the War of the Austrian Succession. The British fleet cannonaded the town's defences and were in turn fired upon. Little damage and few casualties were sustained on either side, there were only two British fatalities: Adams and a common sailor. After Adam's death, command of Harwich passed to Captain Richard Clements.
Sources
Charnock's Biographia Navalis
Royal Navy officers
British military personnel killed in the War of the Austrian Succession
Royal Navy personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
1748 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The black-and-cinnamon fantail (Rhipidura nigrocinnamomea) is a species of bird in the fantail family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. There are two subspecies, the nominate R. n. nigrocinnamomea, from central and southern Mindanao; and R. n. hutchinsoni in north, western and eastern Mindanao. The specific name is derived from Latin niger for black, and cinnamomeus for cinnamon.
The Black-and-cinnamon fantail is long and weighs . The nominate subspecies has a black head with a prominent white eyebrow, the back, rump and tail are cinnamon coloured, the wings are black and cinnamon, the breast is white and the belly is orange-cinnamon. The subspecies R. n. hutchinsoni is similar to the nominate but lacks the white on the breast.
The Black-and-cinnamon fantail inhabits mid-montane forest from . It feeds on insects. The species is not considered threatened in spite of having a small range, and is common where it occurs.
References
black-and-cinnamon fantail
Birds of Mindanao
black-and-cinnamon fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Countelow M. Bowles (b. 1840) was a cooper, soldier, and state legislator. They served in the Mississippi House of Representatives and Mississippi Senate. They were a Republican and African American.
Born in 1840 in Virginia they lived in Cleveland for a few years leading up to the American Civil War.
Bowles joined the 38th United States Colored Infantry Regiment just before the end of the American Civil War in March 1865. They were soon promoted to Corporal before being discharged the following year.
They were elected onto the board of the Bolivar County police in 1869.
Bowles was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives for the 1870-1871 session, and then served in the Mississippi Senate from 1872 until 1874 and again 1877-1878.
They had been removed from their position in 1874 as they had not been in Mississippi for over four months.
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
People from Virginia
People from Cleveland
People from Bolivar County, Mississippi
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
Mississippi state senators
1840 births
Year of death unknown
Mississippi Republicans
African-American politicians during the Reconstruction Era
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
African-American state legislators in Mississippi
Hernán Martín Pérez Redrado (born September 10, 1961) is an Argentine economist. They served as President of the Central Bank between 2004 and 2010.
Early life and career
Born Hernán Martín Pérez Redrado in Buenos Aires in 1961, they enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires and received a degree in economics. They joined U.S. economist Jeffrey Sachs as part of their advisory board, which had been invited by Bolivian president Víctor Paz Estenssoro in 1985 to implement a restructuring of the Bolivian economy, then in crisis.
They earned a master's degree in public administration from Harvard University, and was brought on by the Wall Street investment firm Salomon Brothers, where they served as adviser on their handling of the privatizations of British Airways, British Gas plc and the French Compagnie Financière de Suez, during the late 1980s. They worked for Los Angeles-based Security Pacific Bank until 1991, in which capacity they oversaw the profit sharing plan for Enersis employees, and advised on the privatization of Telmex.
Returning to Argentina in 1991, Redrado was appointed President of the National Securities Commission (CNV) by Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo, who had just implemented their Convertibility Plan and a far-reaching deregulation program. Coupled with the 1990 launch of an ambitious privatization policy by President Carlos Menem, these measures found Redrado overseeing a Buenos Aires Stock Exchange whose daily trading volume had risen around 20-fold within months. Their tenure earned them the designation as Emerging Markets Committee President of the International Organization of Securities Commissions, in 1992. Differences with Cavallo over the 1993 privatization of the state oil concern, YPF, whose handling by Merrill Lynch and First Boston Redrado termed a "rip-off," led to their removal from the CNV in March 1994, however, and they established Fundación Capital, a think tank.
Redrado was selected as one of the "100 Leaders for the Next Millennium" by Time Magazine's International Edition in 1995, and they returned to public service as Secretary of Technological Education (a sub-cabinet-level post), in 1996. They were asked to run for a seat in the newly created Buenos Aires City Legislature in 1997, but was unsuccessful, and they left the secretariat in 1998 to lead Trident Investment Group, a local venture capital firm specializing in health care.
The advent of the dot-com boom led Redrado to launch of InvertirOnline.com (only the third electronic trading platform in Argentina) in June 2000; the fledgling firm prospered despite the ensuing local financial crisis, and handled over 20,000 accounts by 2003. Redrado was named Secretary of Commerce (sub-cabinet) by President Eduardo Duhalde in 2002, and they were retained in the post by Duhalde's successor, President Néstor Kirchner.
Redrado has also had three books published on the subject of contemporary economics: Tiempos de desafíos (Challenging Times, 1995),Cómo sobrevivir a la globalización (How to Survive Globalization, 1999), and Exportar para crecer (Exporting for Growth, 2003).
Central Bank presidency
Kirchner appointed Redrado President of the Central Bank of Argentina on September 24, 2004. The new central banker implemented the administration's policy of keeping a relatively undervalued Argentine peso to help bolster export competitiveness, while foreign exchange reserves soared to nearly US$50 billion. Confirmed by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner upon their December 10, 2007, inaugural, Redrado, by 2009, had become the third-longest serving Argentine Central Bank President since the institution's formal establishment in 1935.
Fallout from the international, 2008 financial crisis later forced the Argentine government to seek domestic financing for growing public spending, as well as for foreign debt service obligations. The president ordered a US$6.7 billion account opened at the Central Bank for the latter purpose in December 2009, implying the use of foreign exchange reserves, and drawing direct opposition from Redrado. Following an impasse, they were dismissed by presidential decree on January 7, 2010, prior to which Economy Minister Amado Boudou had announced that Mario Blejer (who had expressed support for the measure) would be appointed in theirs stead.
Removal and controversy
Central Bank Vice President Miguel Ángel Pesce became the institution's interim head. Redrado's removal, however, triggered a vocal rebuke from opposition figures in Congress, who, citing the need to preserve the Central Bank's nominal independence, expressed doubts as to the decree's legality.
Redrado refused to abide by the initial decree removing them from the presidency of the Central Bank, and petitioned for a judicial power to keep them in office, at least until the Congress decides on the issue. Accordingly, the president enacted another decree for theirs dismissal. The legitimacy of this new decree was questioned as well, however, on the grounds of the asupervisorstioned independence of the Central Bank, and for the lack of a prerequisite impeachment trial. Congress was at a recess period at the time, but most of its members considered returning to override the decrees through an extraordinary session.
The legitimacy of President Cristina Kirchner's policy decision to set aside a portion of the Central Bank's reserves through a Necessity and Urgency Decree was itself questioned by several opposition figures, who argued that the reserves can be only used to keep the value of currency and not for commercial purposes, that the Central Bank is independent, and that only Congress can bypass it through a law. The decree, moreover, may not meet a threshold of "necessity" and "urgency" required by the Constitution of Argentina for its enactment.
Judge María José Sarmiento handed down a ruling preventing said use of reserves. The ruling did not decide on the constitutional legitimacy of the decree itself, but instead placed the measure on hold until Congress can legislate on the issue; the Government reacted by appealing the ruling. Judge Sarmiento then annulled the decree that removed Redrado and reinstated them as President of the Central Bank the following day, due to the lack of a Congressional bill mandating their removal (which is a step required by the laws that govern the Central Bank). The ruling also refuted claims of mis-conduct cited by President Cristina Kirchner to justify their removal.
Following an appeals court ruling on January 22, however, Redrado was suspended, and Central Bank Vice President Miguel Ángel Pesce named in their stead on a provisional basis; though the injunction against the proposed use of reserves was upheld, Redrado's suspension stood pending a resolution on the matter from a committee in Congress. The impasse prompted Redrado to resign on January 30, and they were ultimately replaced by Mercedes Marcó del Pont, President of the National Bank, on February 3.
References
1961 births
Living people
Argentine people of Spanish descent
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine economists
Argentine bankers
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Presidents of the Central Bank of Argentina
The George Sturges House is a single-family house, designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built for George D. Sturges in the Brentwood Heights neighborhood of Brentwood, Los Angeles, California. Designed and built in 1939, the one-story residence is fairly small compared to 21st century standards, 1,200 square feet (110 m2), but features a 21-foot panoramic deck. The home is made out of concrete, steel, brick and redwood. Wright hired Taliesin fellow John Lautner to oversee its construction.
The Sturges House is the only structure in Southern California built in the modern style Wright called Usonian design. Other Wright homes in the area were built in the 1920s with interlocking, pre-cast concrete blocks, which they named "textile block" style, and seen in such homes as the Ennis House.
The house was owned by actor Jack Larson. After their death in 2015 the house was to be put up for auction, with the proceeds to benefit the nonprofit Bridges/Larson Foundation. In February 2016 Los Angeles Modern Auctions announced that no qualified bidder had registered, and it was withdrawn.
The George Sturges House can be viewed easily from the street (449 N. Skyewiay Road). It was designated as Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument #577 on May 25, 1993.
References
Storrer, William Allin. The Frank Lloyd Wright Companion. University Of Chicago Press, 2006, (S.272)
External links
Sturges House Foundation website
Frank Lloyd Wright buildings
Houses in Los Angeles
Brentwood, Los Angeles
Houses completed in 1939
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments
1939 in California
Elmo David Boyd is a former wide receiver in the National Football League.
Biography
Boyd was born Elmo David Boyd on June 15, 1954, in Muleshoe, Texas.
Career
Boyd was drafted in the third round of the 1977 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers and would later split the 1978 NFL season between the 49ers and the Green Bay Packers. They played at the collegiate level at Eastern Kentucky University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Muleshoe, Texas
San Francisco 49ers players
Green Bay Packers players
American football wide receivers
Eastern Kentucky Colonels football players
Pamela Brooks (born 11 February 1966 in Essex, England) is a British writer of non-fiction books. They also write romance novels under the pseudonym of Kate Hardy, and formerly wrote erotic novels such as Lucinda Chester, Evelyn D'Arcy, Chelsea Miller and Pamela Rochford. Them novels won three Love Story of the Year awards by the Romantic Novelists' Association: in 2008, Breakfast at Giovanni's; in 2014, Bound by a Baby; in 2021, A Will, a Wish and A Wedding.
Biography
Pamela Brooks was born in Essex, England, UK and grew up in Norfolk, England, UK. At university, they specialized in Old English and Thomas Hardy. They married Gerard "Gerry" and settled in Norwich, Norfolk, where they sold their first novel. They have two children, Chris and Chloë.
Bibliography
As Lucinda Chester
Single novels
Vermilion Gates (1995)
The Challenge (1995)
Portrait in Blue (1996)
Course of Pleasure (1996)
Spring Fever (1996)
True Colours (1997)
Driven by Desire (1998)
Forbidden Territory (1998)
As Evelyn D'Arcy
Single novels
Midnight Blue (1996)
Interlover (1997)
Dangerous Passions (1997)
Mirage (1997)
Days of Desire (1998)
As Chelsea Miller
Single novels
Out of Control (1998)
As Pamela Rochford
Single novels
Dangerous Consequences (1997)
Non-fiction books
Writing Erotic Fiction: How to write a successful erotic novel (1998)
As Pamela Brooks
Non-fiction books
Easy Step-by-Step Guide to Writing Advertising (2002)
Norwich: Stories of a City (2003)
How to Research Local History: Find Out All About Your House, Village or Town (2006)
Norwich Street by Street (2006)
Easy Step-by-Step Guide to Writing Newsletters and Articles (2006)
How to Research Your House: Every Home Tells a Story… (2007)
Norfolk Poisonesr (2007)
The Norfolk Almanac of Disasters (2007)
Heroes, Villains & Victims of Norwich (2008)
Norfolk Ghosts & Legends: Scandals, Sieges and Spooks (2008)
The Norfolk Miscellany (2009)
Suffolk Ghosts & Legends: Scandals, Sieges and Spooks (2009)
Essex Ghosts & Legends: Scandals, Sieges and Spooks (2010)
As Kate Hardy
Single novels
A Baby of Them Own (2002)
Them Special Child (2003)
The Italian Doctor's Proposal (2003)
Taking Their Pulse (2003)
Their Emergency Fiancee (2003)
The Spanish Consultant's Baby (2004)
The Doctor's Rescue (2004)
The Heart Consultant's Lover (2004)
The Registrar's Convenient Wife (2004)
Where the Heart Is (2005)
The Consultant's Christmas Proposal (2005)
Their Very Special Marriage (2005)
Seeing Stars (2006)
Strictly Legal (2006)
Their Christmas Dream Come True (2006)
Their Honourable Surgeon (2006)
The Cinderella Project (2006)
The Firefighter's Fiance (2006)
The Pregnancy Ultimatum (2007)
Mistress on Trial (2007)
One Night, One Baby (2007)
Breakfast at Giovanni's (2007)
The Consultant's New-Found Family (2007)
The Doctor's Very Special Christmas (2007)
In the Gardener's Bed (2007)
The Italian GP's Bride (2007)
Hotly Bedded, Conveniently Wedded (2008)
The Doctor's Royal Love-Child (2008)
The Spanish Doctor's Love-Child (2008)
In Bed With Them Italian Boss (2008)
Sold to the Highest Bidder! (2008)
The Millionaire Boss's Reluctant Mistress (2009)
Temporary Boss, Permanent Mistress (2009)
Falling for the Playboy Millionaire (2009)
Good Girl Or Gold-Digger? (2010)
Red Wine and Them Sexy Ex (2010)
The Doctor's Lost-and-Found Bride (2010)
Neurosurgeon... and Mum! (2010)
Champagne With a Celebrity (2010)
A Christmas Knight (2010)
The Fireman and Nurse Loveday (2011)
A Moment on the Lips (2011)
Italian Doctor, No Strings Attached (2011)
The Ex Who Hired Them (2012)
Dr Cinderella's Midnight Fling (2012)
The Hidden Heart of Rico Rossi (2012)
Once a Playboy... (2012)
Ballroom to Bride and Groom (2013)
The Brooding Doc's Redemption (2013)
Bound by a Baby (2013)
Behind the Film Star's Smile (2014)
Crown Prince, Pregnant Bride (2014)
Bachelor at Them Bidding (2015)
A Baby to Heal Their Hearts (2015)
It Started at a Wedding (2015)
A Promise. . . to a Proposal? (2015)
Falling for Mr December (2015)
Them Playboy's Proposal (2016)
Capturing the Single Dad's Heart (2016)
Falling for the Secret Millionaire (2016)
The Midwife's Pregnancy Miracle (2016)
Them Festive Doorstep Baby (2016)
Mummy, Nurse, Duchess? (2017)
Their Shy Cinderella (2017)
Christmas Bride for the Boss (2017)
Unlocking the Italian Doc's Heart (2018)
Reunited at the Altar (2018)
Carrying the Single Dad's Baby (2018)
A Diamond in the Snow (2018)
Heart Surgeon, Prince… Husband! (2019)
Finding Mr Right in Florence (2019)
Nurse and a Pup to Heal Him (2019)
Mistletoe Proposal on the Children's Ward (2019)
One Night to Remember (2020)
A Will, a Wish and a Wedding (2020)
Forever Family for the Midwife (2020)
Surprise Heir for the Princess (2021)
London City General
The Doctor's Tender Secret (2004)
The Baby Doctor's Desire (2004)
The Doctor's Pregnancy Surprise (2005)
Posh Docs
Them Celebrity Surgeon (2005)
Them Honorable Playboy (2006)
The London Victoria
The Greek Doctor's New-Year Baby (2008)
The Children's Doctor's Special Proposal (2009)
To Tame a Playboy
Surrender to the Playboy Sheikh (2009)
Playboy Boss, Pregnancy of Passion (2009)
200 Harley Street
The Soldier Prince (2014)
Billionaires of London
Billionaire, Boss. . . Bridegroom? (2016)
Holiday with the Best Man (2016)
Bachelor Bake-off
A Spoonful of Sugar (2017)
Men of Marietta
Flirting with Fire (2017)
Summer at Villa Rosa
The Runaway Bride and the Billionaire (2017)
Miracles at Muswell Hill
Christmas with their Daredevil Doc (2017)
Their Pregnancy Gift (2017)
A Crown for Christmas
The Soldier Prince's Secret Baby Gift (2019)
Changing Shifts
Fling with Them Hot-Shot Consultant (2020)
Anthologies in collaboration
Precious Gifts (2005) (with Marion Lennox and Josie Metcalfe)
Italian Proposals (2007) (with Sarah Morgan and Lee Wilkinson)
Brides of Penhally Bay Volume 2 (omnibus) (2009) (with Margaret McDonagh, Melanie Milburne and Gill Sanderson)
Doctor's Lost-and Found Bride / Miracle: Marriage Reunited (2010) (with Anne Fraser)
Bought for Their Bed (2010) (with Robyn Donald and Melanie Milburne)
Christmas Knight / Nurse Who Saved Christmas (2010) (with Janice Lynn)
Hot-Shot Heroes (2011) (with Olivia Gates and Carol Marinelli)
Latin Lovers: Italian Playboys (2011) (with India Grey and Melanie Milburne)
Secrets in the Village (2012) (with Margaret McDonagh, Melanie Milburne and Gill Sanderson)
Falling for the Sheikh They Shouldn't / Dr Cinderella's Midnight Fling (2012) (with Fiona McArthur)
Once a Playboy / Challenging the Nurse's Rules (2012) (with Janice Lynn)
References and Resources
1966 births
People from Essex
British romantic fiction writers
RoNA Award winners
Living people
Women romantic fiction writers
English women novelists
Writers from Norwich
Coconut Princess is a Chinese cruise ship operated by Hainan Strait Shipping Co. It connects Hainan island with the Paracel Islands. Service began in April 2013 and the trip took 20 hours, but was expected to be reduced to 6 hours by 2 September, with the home port changing from Haikou to Sanya. The cruise lasts four days. It has transported over 3,000 people in over 20 trips. It's the only maritime connection between the islands.
References
History of the Paracel Islands
Cruise ships of China
Transport in Hainan
Hell's Kitchen Park is a park in Hell's Kitchen in Manhattan, New York City.
History
In the 1960s, there were very few open spaces in Hell's Kitchen. Residents complained about this, so the civic authorities thought of possibly building parkland on a parking lot on Tenth Avenue between West 47th and 48th Street. On June 23, 1966, the Board of Estimate approved the acquisition and condemned the parking lot. The New York state government allocated $400,000 to acquire the lot in September 1966. However, because land studies delayed the project for several years, the playground did not open until December 4, 1979.
The West 47th Street Block Association and other residents collaborated to keep the park safe in the 1980s. They did so by holding gatherings, getting lights installed on adjoining buildings, and advocating for a fence, which was built in the late 1980s. In 2005, the park was reconstructed with $1.2 million allocated by Council member for the 3rd District, Christine Quinn.
References
External links
Park
Parks in Manhattan
The Frauen-Bundesliga 1991–92 was the second season of the Frauen-Bundesliga, Germany's premier football league. In this season clubs from former East Germany were allowed to compete for the first time in an all-German Bundesliga due to the integration of the East German Football Association into the German Football Association. Both divisions were thus expanded to eleven competitors to make room for one East German team each. USV Jena in the north and Wismut Aue in the south both suffered relegation after the season, though.
Northern conference
Standings
Results
Southern conference
Standings
Results
Semifinals
Final
Top scorers
Qualification
Group North
Group South 1
Group South 2
References
1991-92
Ger
1
Women
Stenoma praecauta is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 23–26 mm. The forewings are whitish-lilac grey, with the costal edge white. The stigmata are dark grey, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal. There is a faint irregular grey line from two-thirds of the costa almost to the same point with the following. A cloudy grey waved line is found from four-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, indented beneath the costa, then moderately curved. A marginal series of blackish dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are light grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
C9 Entertainment () is a South Korean entertainment agency founded in 2012 by Kim Dae-soon. The company operates as a record label, talent agency, music production company and event management.
The company was a subsidiary of Claire's Korea, parent company of Cloud9, Guerisson, and Lensnine (until 2018).
The company is home to artists including Younha, Doko, CIX, Cignature (under the sub-label J9 Entertainment), and Epex.
History
In 2012, C9 was previously founded as a one-man agency of singer Younha named Wealive and later the one-man agency signed a partnership with hip-hop label Alive. In July 2015, Wealive-Alive merged with indie label Realive and then officially launched their company, C9 Entertainment.
In 2016, C9 Entertainment merged with GG Entertainment which manages Eugene, Lee See Eun, and Jung Ui Chul. They also signed partnership with Benq Korea on their gaming brand, Zowie. In the same year, soloist Juniel signed C9 Entertainment.
In March 2017, C9 moved their office from Gangnam to a new building in Mapo.
In August 2017, C9 Entertainment debuted their first girl group Good Day. All the members (except Chaesol) was previously introduced to media during 2016 C9's trainees showcase.
On November 2, 2018, CI Entertainment's CEO had acquired 100 percent stake in C9. But, they still operate separately and CI Ent moved their office as same building as C9 Entertainment.
In January 2019, SG Wannabe member Lee Seok-hoon signed with C9.
On July 23, 2019, C9 debuted their five-member boy group CIX.
In November 2019, C9 began promoting their upcoming girl group C9 Girlz and announced its first member, Jeewon (formerly Jiwon), originally part of Good Day. Former Good Day members Chaesol, Sunn (formerly Viva), Belle (formerly Lucky), YeAh (formerly Haeun) and trainee Seline, Semi were also introduced as members of the group. On January 14, 2020, the 7-member C9 Girlz's official group name was revealed to be Cignature and will be managed by C9 Entertainment's new music label, J9 Entertainment. On February 4, 2020, Cignature made their debut with the single "Nun Nu Nan Na".
In March 2021, C9 began introducing the members for their upcoming eight-member boy group C9 Rookies, later renamed as Epex. On June 8, 2021, Epex made their debut with the EP Bipolar Pt.1: Prelude of Anxiety.
Artists
Recording artists
Soloists
Younha
Lee Seok-hoon
Bae Jin-young
Doko
Groups
CIX
Cignature
Epex
Duos
Poetic Narrator
Former artists
Recording artists
Cho Duckhwan
Good Day (2017–2019)
Jacoby Planet
Cignature
Ye Ah (2020–2021)
Sunn (2020–2021)
Actors/actores
Eugene (2016–2018)
Han Eunseo (2016–2018)
Notes
References
External links
South Korean record labels
Talent agencies of South Korea
Record labels established in 2012
Labels distributed by CJ E&M Music and Live
Labels distributed by Kakao M
Check It is a 2016 American documentary film directed by Dana Flor and Toby Oppenheimer. The film explores African-American gay and transgender youths in Washington D.C. who founded their own gang for self-protection.
In July 2017, comedian Louis C.K., who saw the film at one of its original screenings and thought that the film was "funny and moving" and gave them "a lot to think about," made the film available for download or streaming on their website.
References
External links
American documentary films
2016 documentary films
American LGBT-related films
Documentary films about LGBT topics
2016 LGBT-related films
Transgender-related documentary films
African-American LGBT-related films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Estádio Municipal Annibal Batista de Toledo is a multi-use stadium in Aparecida de Goiânia, Goiás, Brazil. It is used mostly for football matches, and has a maximum capacity of 6,645 people.
In July 2019, the city council of Aparecida de Goiânia announced that an expansion and renovation process was to be held on the stadium. The work finished nearly one year later.
References
Football venues in Goiás
Associação Atlética Aparecidense
Sports venues in Goiás
The Rotterdam Pitbulls are a rugby league football club based in Rotterdam, Netherlands. They compete in the Netherlands Rugby League Bond (NRLB) domestic competition called Dutch Rugby League Competition, as well as internationally.
History
The Rotterdam Pitbulls was started by a group of enthusiastic players, training at local parks throughout Rotterdam. They then formed an official Dutch Rugby Team in December 2014.
The pitbulls won the 2017 NRLB Championship.
2016 Domestic Competition Results Pitbulls
Game 1 April 16th Away
Amsterdam Cobras 14 - Rotterdam Pitbulls 60
Game 2 April 23rd Home
Rotterdam Pitbulls 88 - Den Haag Knights 20
Game 3 May 14th Home
Rotterdam Pitbulls 64 - Amsterdam Cobras 12
Game 4 June 3rd Away
Den Haag Knights 28 - Rotterdam Pitbulls 34
Game 5 Final June 18th Away
Rotterdam Pitbulls 42 - Den Haag Knights 16
See also
Netherlands Rugby League Bond
Netherlands national rugby league team
References
External links
Rugby leagues in the Netherlands
Dutch rugby league teams
Rugby clubs established in 2014
2014 establishments in the Netherlands
Sports clubs in Rotterdam
Euro XIII
Ted or Tedd Mitchell may refer to:
Ted Mitchell (American football) (1905–1985)
Tedd L. Mitchell (born 1962), American physician and academic
Ted Mitchell (EastEnders), fictional character
See also
Edward Mitchell (disambiguation), including Ed Mitchell
Todd Mitchell (born 1966), American professional basketball player
The Scotland Yard Gospel Choir is an American indie pop band from Chicago.
History
The Scotland Yard Gospel Choir was formed in 2001 by two college graduates with degrees in music. Despite the name, none of the members are from Scotland Yard or London and they do not play gospel music. Matthew Kerstein and Elia Einhorn initially released the four-track recording Do You Still Stick Out in the Crowd, then expanded to a four-piece by adding Ellen O'Hayer and Sam Koentopp, before releasing the single "Jennie That Cries". The group began playing locally in Chicago, soon opening for Arcade Fire, Of Montreal, The Walkmen, The Fiery Furnaces, and Jay Bennett. In late 2003, they released a debut album, titled I Bet you Say That to All The Boys. In 2005, Kerstein and Koentopp left to form a new band, called Brighton MA. Einhorn continued to front SYGC, with their second release, Scotland Yard Gospel Choir, coming out on Bloodshot Records in 2007.
On September 24, 2009, the band was involved in a major automobile accident while on tour. Their tour van's tire split and the vehicle rolled several times. All members survived.
Band members
Current members
Elia Einhorn - vocals, guitar
Mary Ralph - guitar, vocals
Ethan Adelsman - violin, vocals, guitar
Jay Santana - drums
Mark Yoshizumi - bass
Alison Hinderliter - keys
Sam Johnson - trumpet, vocals
Matt Priest - trombone, vocals
Past members
Sam Koentopp - drums
Ellen O'Hayer - cello, bass, vocals
Matthew Kerstein - guitar, vocals
Devon Bryant - bass
Discography
Albums
I Bet You Say That to All the Boys (2003)
The Scotland Yard Gospel Choir (2007)
...and the Horse You Rode in On (2009)
Singles
"Jennie That Cries"/"Not Helicopters" (2002)
"I Never Thought I Could Feel This Way for a Boy"/"A Good Kind of Crazy" (2003)
"Clark & Belmont" (2016)
References
External links
The Scotland Yard Gospel Choir at Bloodshot Records
Indie rock musical groups from Illinois
Musical groups from Chicago
2001 establishments in Illinois
Musical groups established in 2001
Bloodshot Records artists
Varyag or Variag may refer to:
Varangians, ancestors of the Rus' sometimes called "Vikings" in English publications
Russian ship Varyag, Russian warships by this name
MP-445 Varyag, a Russian semi-automatic pistol
Variags of Khand, fictional people from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium
St. Hedwig Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Southbridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded December 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
On July 1, 2011 St. Hedwig Parish has been closed.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Hedwig Parish - ParishesOnline.com
St. Hedwig Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Churches in Southbridge, Massachusetts
The Old Barracks is a former military installation in Sandon Road, Grantham. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The old barracks in Grantham were designed for the South Lincoln Militia and completed in 1858. The design work was probably carried out by Henry Goddard. The South Lincoln Militia evolved to become the 4th (Special Reserve) Battalion, the Lincolnshire Regiment in 1881. After the 4th (Special Reserve) Battalion was disbanded in 1908, the barracks were occupied by B Company, 4th Battalion, the Lincolnshire Regiment (Territorial Force).
In 1901, the barracks also became the home of A Squadron, the Lincolnshire Yeomanry. The squadron was mobilised at the old barracks in August 1914 before being deployed to Salonika in 1915. The building was used as an Auxiliary Military Hospital during the First World War was used by the yeomanry squadron again after the war until the squadron was disbanded in 1920.
After the 4th Battalion, the Royal Lincolnshire Regiment amalgamated with the 6th Battalion to form 4th/6th Battalion, The Royal Lincolnshire Regiment in 1950, the building was decommissioned and taken out of military use. It was used by local bands during the 1960s and 1970s and by Grantham College in the 1980s before being converted into offices at the end of that decade.
References
Sources
Drill halls in England
Grade II listed buildings in Lincolnshire
Buildings and structures in Grantham
Daniela Moise (born 4 December 1964) is a Romanian former professional tennis player.
Moise was a mixed double gold medalist for Romania at the 1985 Summer Universiade in Kobe, with Florin Segărceanu. They were a member of Romania's Federation Cup team in 1986. Featuring in four ties, they won singles matches over Paulina Sepúlveda, Patricia Medrado and Jennifer Thornton.
ITF finals
Singles: 2 (0–2)
Doubles: 2 (1–1)
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Romanian female tennis players
Universiade medalists in tennis
Universiade gold medalists for Romania
Medalists at the 1985 Summer Universiade
James Steven Davis (born June 12, 1957 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American football cornerback with the Los Angeles Raiders of the National Football League. They attended Southern University.
External links
NFL.com player page
1957 births
Living people
Players of American football from Los Angeles
American football cornerbacks
Southern Jaguars football players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Sir Maurice Linford Gwyer, (25 April 1878 – 12 October 1952) was a British lawyer, judge, and academic administrator. They served as Vice-Chancellor of Delhi University from 1938 to 1950, and Chief Justice of India from 1937 to 1943).  They are credited with having founded the college Miranda House in 1948 in Delhi, India. Gwyer Hall, the oldest men residence for the university students is named after him.
Biography
Gwyer was born to John Edward Gwyer and Edith Gwyer (née Linford), and they had a sister, Barbara Gwyer. They were educated at Highgate School from 1887 to 1892, then at Westminster School, before they graduated with a BA from Christ Church, Oxford. In November 1902 they were elected a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.
They were appointed CB (1921), KCB (1928), KCSI (1935), and GCIE (1948). They became an honorary student of Christ Church (1937), an honorary DCL of Oxford (1939), LLD of Travancore (1943) and Patna (1944), and DLitt of Delhi (1950).
They died at their home, 14 Kepplestone, Eastbourne, Sussex, on 12 October 1952, and was buried at St Marylebone cemetery, East Finchley, on 17 October.
References
Further reading
Records on Sir Maurice Gwyer are available in the British Library, Asia, Pacific and Africa Collections (previously Oriental and India Office Library) – papers (0304/09)
External links
Douglas Veale, ‘Gwyer, Sir Maurice Linford (1878–1952)', rev. S. M. Cretney, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004; online edn, May 2006. Retrieved 11 January 2008
1878 births
1952 deaths
People educated at Highgate School
British India judges
Knights Commander of the Order of the Star of India
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Delhi
The White House New Year's Reception was an annual public reception held at the White House every New Year's Day from 1801 to 1932. Attendees were able to go inside the White House to greet and shake the hand of the president of the United States and often the hand of the first lady of the United States. The president was expected to shake each person's hand. The first lady would shake hands as well, but they were able to leave early if they grew tired.
The reception was attended by members of the general public as well as diplomats, members of the cabinet, senators, members of congress, government officials, and members of the military. In the last few decades of its occurrence, the crowds were in the thousands, with a line of sometimes over 6,000 people, several blocks long.
History
The annual event began with President John Adams, the first occupant of the White House, and was last held in 1932 during the presidency of Herbert Hoover. It is believed Franklin Roosevelt did not continue the tradition due to the secrecy surrounding their disability and wheelchair use.
The event was held annually and only rarely cancelled. It was held by Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War. They signed the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1 after shaking hands with many visitors, enough that they were concerned they would not sign the document properly due to strain in their hand. The year after, they welcomed African American guests, believed to be the first to have attended. Andrew Johnson only allowed black guests to enter the White House during a 15-minute window after the white guests were received.
During the 1883 reception, Kingdom of Hawaii representative Elisha Hunt Allen died from a heart attack, being one of ten people known to have died inside the White House.
Woodrow Wilson never held a public reception during their entire administration.
Large lightly-secured public appearances by American presidents became much more restricted after the first quarter of the 20th century. It is unlikely the event would have continued in its historic fashion had FDR not ended it.
References
White House
New Year in the United States
WSPF (1000 AM) was a radio station licensed to Hickory, North Carolina, known as "Channel One Radio". The station had a 5000-watt daytime-only signal, with a transmitter on Tate Boulevard and studios at Second Avenue Southeast and N.C. 127.
History
WSPF signed on in October 1963 with a rock and roll format. In March 1982, the format changed to modern country.
On August 8, 1985, morning DJ Gary "Mountain Man" McMahan began raising funds to rescue 4-year-old Barney the Buffalo, who weighed . Barney escaped from a farm in Franklin County, North Carolina, attacked a car, and was purchased for $1 by E.B. Harris, who vowed to slaughter the animal unless someone raised the money to take care of him. McMahan made Barney their show's mascot and vowed to raise $1000. After three sleepless nights for McMahan, the goal was met August 10. Newton musician Buddy Rhodes wrote "The Ballad of Barney the Buffalo" and recorded it with their band Hard Times for WSPF. A Philadelphia radio station interviewed McMahan, and the station received calls form San Diego, California and Monroe, Washington. A store at an area mall printed "Bucks for Barney" t-shirts, which bartenders at one area location wore while asking customers for money. Eventually, WSPF raised $1,600, of which $1,135.13 went to Harris; the rest went to charity. A.B. Cooke's Buffalo Ranch, a 71-acre park with a petting zoo and a lake in Cabarrus County, took Barney. In January 1986, Cooke sold the ranch, but WSPF operations manager Scott Conley said a Catawba farmer agreed to take Barney if necessary.
Willis Deal owned Piedmont Broadcasting, which owned the station for its entire history. On December 31, 1987, WSPF signed off for the last time. Deal, retiring at age 68, sold the station's equipment and property—but not the license—for $450,000 to Westcom Ltd., the owners of WIRC and WXRC. DJ Scott Conley, who had been part of WSPF for 18 years, moved to WKGX in nearby Lenoir.
References
Radio stations established in 1963
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Radio stations disestablished in 1987
1963 establishments in North Carolina
1987 disestablishments in North Carolina
SPF
SPF
SPF
Todd Hallowell (born August 29, 1952) is an American film producer. Their credits include How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Cinderella Man, A Beautiful Mind, Apollo 13, Dark Phoenix and Thor: Love and Thunder.
External links
1952 births
Living people
People from Cambridge, Minnesota
Film producers from Minnesota
Susan Scott (born 26 September 1977) is a Scottish track and field athlete who competed for Great Britain at the 2008 Olympic Games in the 1500 metres. They also finished fourth in the 800 metres final at the Commonwealth Games in 2002 and 2006.
Scott was born in Irvine, North Ayrshire, Scotland. Representing Scotland, they finished fourth in the 800 metres final at the Commonwealth Games in Manchester 2002 and Melbourne 2006. In both finals, they broke the Scottish record. In running 1:59.30 in the 2002 final, they improved their best by over a second and broke the longest standing Scottish track record to become the first Scots woman to run under two minutes. The previous record of 2:00.15 by Rosemary Stirling, had stood for 30 years. Scott improved on this in the 2006 final with 1:59.02, which stood as the Scottish record until 2014, when Lynsey Sharp ran 1:58.80. As of 2015, Scott ranks 11th on the UK all-time list. Them 1500 metres best of 4:07.00, was set in June 2008. At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, they were eliminated in the heats of the 1500 metres.
International competitions
References
Sports Reference
1977 births
Living people
People from Irvine, North Ayrshire
Scottish female middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Great Britain
The 2007–08 Macedonian Second Football League was the sixteenth season since its establishment. It began on 4 August 2007 and ended on 1 June 2008.
Participating teams
League table
Results
Promotion playoff
Relegation playoff
See also
2007–08 Macedonian Football Cup
2007–08 Macedonian First Football League
References
External links
Football Federation of Macedonia
MacedonianFootball.com
Macedonia 2
2
Macedonian Second Football League seasons
The dusky tapaculo (Scytalopus fuscus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Chile.
Taxonomy and systematics
The dusky tapaculo was formerly considered a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo (Scytalopus magellanicus). Following 1997 and 2003 publications, it was raised to species status because of vocal differences and because the two are sympatric over part of their ranges.
Description
The dusky tapaculo is long. It is essentially gray all over, darker above and lighter below. The lower back and rump have a brown wash and the flanks are sometimes pale tawny brown with black bars.
Distribution and habitat
The dusky tapaculo is found only in central Chile. It ranges from southern Atacama Region south to Biobío Region at elevations from sea level to . It inhabits the bottoms of densely vegetated valleys.
Behavior
Feeding
No information has been published about the dusky tapaculo's diet or foraging behavior.
Breeding
Little has been published about the dusky tapaculo's breeding phenology. One nest has been described. It was a globe made of root fibers and moss with a horse hair lining, placed at the end of a tunnel long.
Vocalization
The dusky tapaculo's song is a repeated short rising trill .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the dusky tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. It is locally fairly common and occurs in at least one protected area. However, its habitat "has been largely destroyed and remains strongly fragmented. This species should probably be monitored".
References
External links
Dusky tapaculo at Avesdechile.cl
Dusky tapaculo videos at IBC
Birds of Chile
Endemic birds of Chile
Scytalopus
Birds described in 1837
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sultan Farah Guled (, ) was a Somali ruler. They were the second Grand Sultan of the Isaaq Sultanate and also a Hajji having completed pilgrimage to Mecca.
Biography
Son of Sultan Guled, they were amongst the first generation of the Ba Ambaro branch of the emerging Guled dynasty, Farah was a member of the Eidagale branch of the Garhajis subclan of Isaaq.
Message to Saqr al Qasimi
When a British vessel named the Mary Anne attempted to dock in Berbera's port in 1825 it was attacked and multiple members of the crew were massacred by the Habr Awal. In response the Royal Navy enforced a blockade and some accounts narrate a bombardment of the city. In 1827 two years later the British arrived and extended an offer to relieve the blockade which had halted Berbera's lucrative trade in exchange for indemnity. Following this initial suggestion the Battle of Berbera 1827 would break out. After the Habr Awal defeat, 15,000 Spanish dollars was to be paid by the Habr Awal leaders for the destruction of the ship and loss of life. In the 1830s the Isaaq Sultan Farah Guled and Haji Ali penned a letter to Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi of Ras Al Khaimah requesting military assistance and joint religious war against the British.
This would not materialize as Sultan Saqr was incapacitated by prior Persian Gulf campaign of 1819 and was unable to send aid to Berbera. Alongside their stronghold in the Persian Gulf & Gulf of Oman the Qasimi were very active both militarily and economically in the Gulf of Aden and were given to plunder and attack ships as far west as the Mocha on the Red Sea. They had numerous commercial ties with the Somalis, leading vessels from Ras Al Khaimah and the Persian Gulf to regularly attend trade fairs in the large ports of Berbera and Zeila and were very familiar with the Isaaq.
See also
Isaaq
Deria Sugulleh Ainashe
Garhajis
Habr Awal
Battle of Berbera 1827
References
Somali sultans
Somalian Muslims
19th-century Somalian people
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
African royalty
African rulers
History of Somalia
History of Africa
African monarchs
Grand Sultans of the Isaaq Sultanate
Isaaq Sultanate
According to both Catholic and Anglican canon law, a cathedral chapter is a college of clerics (chapter) formed to advise a bishop and, in the case of a vacancy of the episcopal see in some countries, to govern the diocese during the vacancy. In the Roman Catholic Church their creation is the purview of the pope. They can be "numbered", in which case they are provided with a fixed "prebend", or "unnumbered", in which case the bishop indicates the number of canons according to the rents. These chapters are made up of canons and other officers, while in the Church of England chapters now include a number of lay appointees. In some Church of England cathedrals there are two such bodies, the lesser and greater chapters, which have different functions. The smaller body usually consists of the residentiary members and is included in the larger one.
Originally, it referred to a section of a monastic rule that was read out daily during the assembly of a group of canons or other clergy attached to a cathedral or collegiate church. Later it came to be applied to the group of clergy itself.
Roles within a cathedral
Typical roles within England's cathedrals have included:
Relationship of chapter and bishop
Historically, there was no distinction between the monastic cathedral chapters and those of the secular canons, in their relation to the bishop or diocese. In both cases the chapter was the bishop's concilium or council, which they were bound to consult on all important matters and without doing so they could not act. Thus, a judicial decision of a bishop needed the confirmation of the chapter before it could be enforced. They could not change the service books, or "use" of the church or diocese, without capitular consent, and there are episcopal acts, such as the appointment of a diocesan chancellor, or vicar general, which still need confirmation by the chapter.
In its corporate capacity the chapter takes charge sede vacante of a diocese. In England, however (except as regards Salisbury and Durham), this custom has never obtained, the two archbishops having, from time immemorial, taken charge of the vacant dioceses in their respective provinces. When, however, either of the sees of Canterbury or York is vacant the chapters of those churches take charge, not only of the diocese, but of the province as well, and incidentally, therefore, of any of the dioceses of the province which may be vacant at the same time.
Secular chapter
The normal constitution of the chapter of a secular cathedral church comprised four officers (there might be more), in addition to the canons. These are the dean, the precentor, the chancellor and the treasurer. These four officers, occupying the four corner stalls in the choir, are called in many of the statutes the quatuor majores personae of the church.
Dean
A dean (decanus) seems to have derived the designation from the Benedictine "deans" who had ten monks under their charge. The dean came into existence to supply the place of the provost in the internal management of the church and chapter. In England every secular cathedral church was headed by a dean who was originally elected by the chapter and confirmed in office by the bishop. The dean is president of the chapter and within the cathedral has charge of the celebration of the services, taking specified portions of them by statute on the principal festivals. Deans sit in the principal stall in the choir, which is usually the first on the right hand on entering the choir at the west.
Precentor
Next to the dean (as a rule) is the precentor (primicerius, cantor, etc.), whose special duty is that of regulating the musical portion of the services. Precentors preside in the dean's absence and occupy the corresponding stall on the left side, although there are exceptions to this rule, where, as at St Paul's Cathedral, London, the archdeacon of the cathedral city ranks second and occupies what is usually the precentor's stall.
Chancellor
The third officer is the chancellor (scholasticus, écoldtre, capiscol, magistral, etc.) (not to be confused with the chancellor of the diocese). The chancellor of the cathedral church is charged with the oversight of its schools, ought to read theology lectures and superintend the lections in the choir and correct slovenly readers. Chancellors are often the secretary and librarian of the chapter. In the absence of the dean and precentor the chancellor is president of the chapter. The easternmost stall, on the dean's side of the choir, is usually assigned to the chancellor.
Treasurer
The fourth officer is the treasurer (custos, sacrisla, cheficier). They are guardians of the fabric and all the furniture and ornaments of the church. It was their duty to provide bread and wine for the Eucharist and candles and incense. They also regulated such matters as the ringing of the bells. The treasurer's stall is opposite to that of the chancellor.
Additional clergy
In many cathedral churches there are additional officers, such as the praelector, subdean, vice-chancellor, succentor-canonicorum, whose roles came into existence to supply the places of the other absent officers, for non-residence was the fatal blot of the secular churches, and in this they contrasted very badly with the monastic churches, where all the members were in continuous residence. There were also ordinary canons, each of whom, as a rule, held a separate prebend or endowment, besides receiving their share of the common funds of the church.
For the most part the canons also speedily became non-resident, and this led to the distinction of residentiary and non-residentiary canons, until in most churches the number of resident canons became definitely limited in number and the non-residentiary canons, who no longer shared in the common funds, became generally known as prebendaries only, although by their non-residence they did not forfeit their position as canons and retained their votes in chapter like the others.
This system of non-residence led also to the institution of vicars choral, each canon having their own vicar, who sat in their stall in their absence and, when the canon was present, in the stall immediately below on the second form. The vicars had no place or vote in chapter and, though irremovable except for offences, were the servants of their absent canons whose stalls they occupied and whose duties they performed. Outside of Britain they were often called demi-prebendaries and they formed the bachcrur of the French churches. As time went on the vicars were themselves often incorporated as a kind of lesser chapter, or college, under the supervision of the dean and chapter.
In contemporary cathedral chapters, the most common roles besides dean include precentor, pastor, sub-dean/vice-dean, chancellor, archdeacon, treasurer and missioner, although there is also a wide variety of roles which each occur only once or twice.
Church of England
In Church of England cathedrals, under the Cathedrals Measure 1999, the Church Commissioners fund two Canons Residentiary per cathedral (sometimes called Commissioners' Canons) who must be "engaged exclusively on cathedral duties". Further residentiary canons beyond those two are funded from other sources and often called Diocesan Canons, since they typically also hold a senior diocesan post (such as Diocesan Director of Ordinands or Director of Mission).
See also
Chapter house
References
Sources
Catholic canonical structures
Canon law of the Anglican Communion
it:Capitolo (canonici)
Fredrik Johansson (born March 18, 1978 in Uppsala) is a Swedish professional racing cyclist.
Career highlights
2003: 1st in Stage 4 3 dagars Hammarö, Hammarö (SWE)
2004: 3rd in General Classification Tour du Brabant Wallon, Ottignies (BEL)
2004: 3rd in National Championship, Road, ITT, Elite, Sweden, Sollerön (SWE)
2004: 3rd in GP Demy-Cars (LUX)
2004: 3rd in GP Claude Criquielion (BEL)
2006: 2nd in Prix de la Ville de Nogent-sur-Oise (FRA)
2006: 3rd in GP Faber (LUX)
2006: 1st in Boucles de la Marne (FRA)
2006: 1st in GP Demy-Cars (LUX)
2006: 3rd in Internatie Reningelst, Reningelst (BEL)
2006: 2nd in General Classification Tour de Namur, Namur-Citadel (BEL)
2006: 2nd in Vlaamse/Antwerpse Havenpijl (BEL)
2007: 1st in General Classification Ronde de l'Oise (FRA)
2007: 3rd in Herning (b) (DEN)
2007: 2nd in Padborg/Bov CC, Padborg (DEN)
2008: 1st in Stage 4 Jelajah Malaysia, Muar (MAS)
2008: 3rd in General Classification Jelajah Malaysia (MAS)
External links
1978 births
Living people
People from Uppsala Municipality
Swedish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Uppsala County
Zaychar Glacier (, ) is the 7.5 km long and 2.7 km wide glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It drains the southeast slopes of Detroit Plateau, flowing east-southeastwards between Grivitsa Ridge and Kableshkov Ridge, and entering Odrin Bay in Weddell Sea 5 km northwest of Fothergill Point.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Zaychar in Southeastern Bulgaria.
Location
Zaychar Glacier is centred at . British mapping in 1978.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Zaychar Glacier. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Zaychar Glacier. Copernix satellite image
Glaciers of Nordenskjöld Coast
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The white-throated treerunner (Pygarrhichas albogularis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is the only species in the genus Pygarrhichas. The white-throated treerunner is about long, with a stiff and rounded tail. They are dark brown, turning red on the lower back and tail and contrasting sharply with the throat and chest of a bright white. The rest of they are coarsely mottled with white. The bill is long, slightly curved upwards. The general appearance is reminiscent of a nuthatch (Sitta spp.), although they are not directly related. Like the Sittidae, Furnariidae tirelessly scours the trunks and branches of old trees for the small arthropods that make up its food, spiraling up the trunks, or sometimes moving head down. The white-throated treerunner consumes small invertebrates found on bark and nests in tree cavities. Outside of the breeding season, it may form mixed-species foraging flocks with other bird species.
The White-throated treerunner inhabits the southern tip of the American continent, in Chile and Argentina, from Santiago and Mendoza to Tierra del Fuego. It seeks out forests with large trees – the old trunks offer suitable nesting sites – whether they are lowland or highland, dense or open. It was described in 1831 by Phillip Parker King, a British explorer of Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego. Its systematic placement has remained unclear within its family, superficial similarities with other Furnariidae gleaning their food from the bark of trees seem to be the result of an evolutionary convergence. Molecular phylogenies seem to link it to the genera Microxenops and Ochetorhynchus. No subspecies is described. Its range is relatively large and there is no evidence of decline in numbers, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature considers this bird to be of "least concern".
Taxonomy
The white-throated treerunner was scientifically described in 1831 under the protonym Dendrocolaptes albogularis by the British explorer Phillip Parker King, who visited Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego among other places. The specific name, albogularis, means "white-throated" in Latin; the type locality is not known but is supposed to be the Strait of Magellan. In 1837, the Argentine zoologist Hermann Burmeister removed the species from the genus Dendrocolaptes, which today includes only five species of climbers, and assigned it a separate genus, Pygarrhichas, giving it the novel specific name of "ruficaudis" (from Latin meaning "red-tailed"). Burmeister constructs this name from the ancient Greek πυγη (pugē) meaning "rump" and αρριχος (arrhikhos) denoting wicker, to refer to the stiffness of the bird's tail helping it progress along trunks.
In 1839, English ornithologist John Gould, presumably unaware of King's work, independently described the species in Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle as Dendrodramus leucosternus (from the ancient Greek for "white-bellied"). They observed the species on the Chiloé Island, and found similarities with the Eurasian treecreeper (Certhia familiaris) in its behavior. In 1890, English zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater placed this genus in the now obsolete family Dendrocolaptidae, a position changed by paleornithologist Alan Feduccia in 1973 who placed the genus in its current family, Furnariidae. According to the International Ornithological Congress and Alan P. Peterson, no subspecies is distinguished.
Placement in the family
In 1839, Gould mentions that English zoologist George Robert Gray would relate the white-throated treerunner to the genus Dendroplex described by English ornithologist William John Swainson. In the 2003 Handbook of the Birds of the World, Volume 8, American ornithologist James Van Remsen Jr. explains that while P. albogularis is traditionally related to the Xenops sittines and other tree-bark gleaning Furnariidae, plumage and biogeography suggest that these different species are not directly related and that their similarities are merely the result of convergent evolution. It has also been suggested that similarities in plumage and foraging behavior may bring the white-throated treerunner closer to Synallaxis of the genus Aphrastura.
Two molecular phylogenies of the family published in 2009, and then one in 2011, negate such relatedness and clarify the evolutionary history somewhat while implying significant classification changes. The naming of a subfamily (that of "Pygarrhichinae") or tribe (that of "Pygarrhichini", within the subfamily Furnariinae) is advanced for a clade that would include the white-throated treerunner, the rufous-tailed xenops (Microxenops milleri), species of the genus Ochetorhynchus, and would absorb the band-tailed Eremobius (O. phoenicurus) as well as the crag chilia (O. melanurus), previously placed in the monotypic genera Eremobius and Chilia respectively.
Description
The white-throated treerunner is long on average, with a weight between . It has an appearance reminiscent of the nuthatch, with its overall look and plumage, unlike other species in the Furnariidae. Wing chord is from , tail is , and torso from . The iris is dark brown. It has a long , at around with a slight upward curve. Its upper mandible is dark gray and lower mandible a whitish-pale gray. The feet are dark gray, blackish or brown.
The species is easily recognized by its white throat, contrasting with its upper parts. Its face is blackish-brown and slightly darker than its head , which is a dull brown. The back is a paler chestnut-brown, pulling against the red rump and tail. The wing coverts are dark brown, with red or chestnut brown on the feather edges and tail end. The primaries are darker, the remiges black-brown with light edges and inner primaries marked with a short, light red wing bar. The tail is rounded, with rigid rectrices with shortened barbs ending in small spines up to long.
A large white zone covers the treerunner's cheek and throat, descending to the middle of the chest. The rest of the lower parts, to the , are made up of white feathers largely bordered with dark brown, giving an irregularly spotted appearance. Both sexes of adults look similar. The chick is distinguished by an ochre-striped crown and back, and often with blackish borders on the throat feathers.
Ecology and behavior
Vocalizations
The white-throated treerunner gives off a short and piercing cry, evoking a rapid succession of water droplets. Its contact call is described as a loud, fast, metallic "kik-ik", "tsi-ik" or "tsik", which is repeated rapidly. The treerunner can also emit a sonorous "peet peet", and during flight, a dry "tic".
Food
Similar in behavior to nuthatches (Sitta spp.), the white-throated treerunner is a restless bird, moving in a jerky manner and changing direction rapidly. The bird may descend from trunks head first. It scours the trunks and large branches of old trees, often spiraling around the trunks, searching for small insects and their larvae in every crevice for food, sometimes tapping lightly with its bill, much like a woodpecker, or digging out larvae from under the bark with its bill. It may use its tail for support, or it may use its tail as a support for the insects. It may use their tail for support, but it also does a lot of tail-first browsing. It explores trunks quickly and spends more time foraging in smaller branches, looking for prey at the base of leaf petioles.
Its diet is little known, consisting of arthropods including adults and larvae of beetles, as well as diptera. A study conducted in the province of Osorno showed that the white-throated treerunner mainly forages on trees such as Coigüe (Nothofagus dombeyi), but also Neuquén Roble (N. obliqua), Ulmo (Eucryphia cordifolia), and more generally on dead trees, even when other tree and shrub species are available. These preferences could be explained by the structure of the bark and the greater abundance of accessible insects. In some locations, particularly on islands with no terrestrial predators, the species may also feed on the ground. Outside the breeding season, it may form mixed-species foraging flock with the thorn-tailed rayadito (Aphrastura spinicauda), as well as with the striped woodpecker (Veniliornis lignarius), and sometimes also with the fire-eyed diucon (Xolmis pyrope), Patagonian sierra finch (Phrygilus patagonicus) and the black-chinned siskin (Spinus barbatus).
Breeding
The white-throated treerunner nests in tree cavities. It may nest in the trunks of senescent or fire-damaged trees, but is not as successful at this task as other species such as woodpeckers and therefore also reuses existing cavities. Observations of antagonistic behavior by the woodpecker toward other species reusing tree cavities suggest that it competes with these birds in cavity use more than it provides them with new nesting sites by excavating its own hole. A study of the thorn-tailed rayadito to assess whether or not broadcast conspecific songs attracted individuals to a suitable nesting area showed that, on the contrary, cavity-nesting birds-including white-throated treerunners and house wrens-avoided competitive areas. The white-throated treerunner, however, readily uses nest boxes.
The nest cavity is usually between , above the ground, and is , deep. There is no lining other than the chips from the excavation, but a carpet of grasses and feathers has been reported once. The breeding season probably spans the southern spring and summer, with eggs laid in November-December and young hatching in December. The white-throated treerunner is thought to be monogamous, laying two to three eggs. Eggs preserved at the Natural History Museum in London and measured by English naturalist Eugene William Oates are approximately . Capture-mark-recapture data from 35 individuals in the Cape Horn Biosphere Reserve indicate a longevity of at least 3 years and 8 months.
Distribution and habitat
This species lives in central and southern Chile and western Argentina, from Santiago and Mendoza to Tierra del Fuego. It is found in the south of its distribution in the southernmost forest in the world, on Horn Island. It lives from sea level to 1,200 m of altitude, populating forests with large trees, whether dense or not, but avoiding young forests. The white-throated treerunner seeks out forests dominated by "false beech" species of the genus Nothofagus. It exploits the trunks at mid-height of trees up to the top of the canopy as a small woodpecker would. The species is sedentary, but can be erratic outside the breeding season.
In relationship with humans
In culture
The white-throated treerunner appears in some traditional Yagana stories as tatajurj, where it accompanies women and collects epiphytic fungi of the genus Cyttaria (katran in Yagan) from the trunks of Magellanic Beech (N. betuloides), Lenga (N. pumilio), and Ñire (N. antarctica) trees.
Status and threats
The white-throated treerunner needs to have old senescent trees available for nesting, a specific and scarce habitat that deserves a conservation effort. However, it is quite common, and present in many protected areas such as Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park, Puyehue National Park, Nahuelbuta National Park and La Campana National Park in Chile, or Tierra del Fuego National Park in Argentina. The range of the white-throated treerunner is estimated at and its numbers are believed to be stable; thus, the species is considered of "least concern" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
References
white-throated treerunner
Birds of Chile
Birds of Patagonia
Birds of Tierra del Fuego
white-throated treerunner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Phtheochroa circina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Sinaloa, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
John David Hubaldus Lehman (born in 1887 in Amstelveen) was a Dutch clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rarotonga. They were appointed bishop in 1939. They died in 1967.
References
1887 births
1967 deaths
Dutch Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Rarotonga
Disneyland Park, originally Euro Disneyland Park, is a theme park found at Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallée, France. The park opened on 12 April 1992 as the first of the two parks built at the resort. Designed and built by Walt Disney Imagineering, its layout is similar to Disneyland Park in California and Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World in Florida. Spanning —the second largest Disney park based on the original, after Shanghai Disneyland Park—it is dedicated to fairy tales and Disney characters.
In 2016, the park hosted approximately 8.4 million visitors, making it the most-visited theme park in Europe and the 13th-most visited theme park in the world. The park is represented by Le Château de la Belle au Bois Dormant (Sleeping Beauty Castle), a replica of the fairy tale castle seen in Disney's 1959 animated film Sleeping Beauty.
History
In order to make things more distinct and not be a mere copy of the original, modifications were made to the park's concepts and designs. Among the changes was the change of Tomorrowland to Discoveryland, giving the area a retrofuturistic theme. Other altered elements include the Haunted Mansion, which was redesigned as Phantom Manor and a retro, more intense version of Space Mountain (now Hyperspace Mountain). The park's location brought forth its own challenges. Sleeping Beauty Castle (Le Château de la Belle au Bois Dormant) is said by its designers to have been necessarily reevaluated for a continent on which authentic castles stand. Modifications to the park were made to protect against changes in weather in the Parisian climate. Covered walkways referred to as "arcades" were added, and Michael Eisner ordered the installation of 35 fireplaces in hotels and restaurants.
The park, as well as its surrounding complex, initially failed to meet financial expectations, resulting in an image change in which the word "Euro" was phased out of several names, including Euro Disney. The park was known as Euro Disney until May 1994, Euro Disneyland Paris until September 1994, Disneyland Paris until February 2002, and Disneyland Park (English) and Parc Disneyland (French) since March 2002.
Michael Eisner noted, "As Americans, the word 'Euro' is believed to mean glamorous or exciting. For Europeans it turned out to be a term they associated with business, currency, and commerce. Renaming the park 'Disneyland Paris' was a way of identifying it with one of the most romantic and exciting cities in the world."
On 14 March 2020 Disneyland Park, alongside the Walt Disney Studios Park, was temporarily closed due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Both parks remained closed for four months, resuming operations on 15 July with strict rules such as limited guest attendance, social distancing, and mandatory wearing of face masks. The park closed again on 29 October 2020 following a second nationwide lockdown. The park reopened in 17 June 2021.
Park layout and attractions
Disneyland Park is divided into five themed "lands", which house 49 attractions. Designed like a wheel with the hub on Central Plaza before Sleeping Beauty Castle, pathways spoke out across the of the park and lead to the lands. The narrow gauge Disneyland Railroad runs along the perimeter of the park and stops in Main Street, U.S.A., Frontierland, Fantasyland and Discoveryland.
Main Street, U.S.A.
Liberty Arcade (covered walkway)
Discovery Arcade (covered walkway)
Horse Drawn Streetcars ( narrow gauge tramway)
Main Street Vehicles
Disneyland Railroad - Main Street Station
Frontierland
Legends of the Wild West
Big Thunder Mountain
Phantom Manor
Thunder Mesa Riverboat Landing
Rustler Roundup Shootin' Gallery
Frontierland Playground
Disneyland Railroad – Frontierland Depot
Adventureland
Aladdin's Enchanted Passage
Adventure Isle
Swiss Family Treehouse
Pirates Beach
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pirate Galleon
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Peril
Fantasyland
Sleeping Beauty Castle
The Dragon's Lair
Lancelot's Carousel
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Pinocchio's Daring Journey
Dumbo the Flying Elephant
Peter Pan's Flight
Alice's Curious Labyrinth
Mad Hatter's Tea Cups
It's a Small World
Storybook Land Canal Boats
Casey Jr. Circus Train
Meet Mickey Mouse
Princess Pavilion
Disneyland Paris Railroad – Fantasyland Station
Discoveryland
Buzz Lightyear Laser Blast
Orbitron
Autopia
The Mysteries of the Nautilus
Hyperspace Mountain
Star Tours: The Adventures Continue
Mickey's PhilharMagic
Disneyland Railroad – Discoveryland Station
Attendance
2008 – 12,688,000
2009 – 12,740,000
2010 – 10,500,000
2011 – 10,990,000
2012 – 11,500,000
2013 – 10,430,000
2014 – 9,940,000
2015 – 10,360,000
2016 – 8,400,000
2017 – 9,660,000
2018 – 9,843,000
2019 – 9,745,000
2020 – 2,620,000
Top 3 amusement parks in Europe of annual attendance
Efteling
Disneyland Paris
Europa-Park
Shows and parades
Disneyland Park hosts a range of daytime and nighttime entertainment throughout the year.
Current
Daytime Shows
Mickey's PhilharMagic: 2018–present
Disney Stars on Parade: 2017–present
Nighttime Shows
Disney Illuminations: 2017–present (Stopped Due To COVID-19 pandemic)
Mickey's Goodnight Kiss (2017–2018 2021- (Due To COVID-19 pandemic))
Seasonal Events and Shows
Frozen Celebration: 2020–present
The Lion King and Jungle Festival: 2019–present
Rhythms Of The Pride Lands: 2019-present
Jungle Book Jive: 2019-2020
Christmas Season
Royal Sparkling Christmas Waltz: 2019–present
Mickey's Magical Christmas Lights: 2015–present
Disney's Christmas Parade: 2012–present
Halloween Season
Mickey's Halloween Celebration: 2013–2016, 2018–present
Are You Brave Enough?: 2019–present
Disney's New Year's Eve Parade: 2017–present
Sparkling New Year's Eve Fireworks: 1992–present
Retired
Daytime Shows
Jedi Training Academy (2015–2017)
Chantons La Reine des Neiges - Frozen Sing-Along (2015-2018)
Tarzan: The Encounter (2000-2008, 2011-2012)
Winnie the Pooh and Friends, too (1998-2005, 2006-2011)
Mulan, la Légende (1999-2002)
Beauty and the Beast (1992-1996)
Nighttime Shows
Mickey's Goodnight Kiss (2017–2018 2021- (Due To COVID-19 pandemic))
Disney Dreams! of Christmas (2013–2017)
Disney Dreams! (2012–2017)
The Enchanted Fireworks (2008–2012)
Wishes (2005–2007)
Fantasy in the Sky (1992–2005)
Train Parades
Disney's 20th Anniversary Celebration Train (2012–2013)
Disney Dance Express (2011–2012)
Disney All Stars Express (2010–2011)
Minnie's Party Train (2009–2010)
Disney Characters Express (2007–2009)
Parades
Disney Magic on Parade (2012–2017)
Disney's Fantillusion (2003–2012)
Disney's Once Upon a Dream Parade (2007–2012)
Main Street Electrical Parade (1992–2003)
Disney ImagiNations Parade (1999–2001)
The Wonderful World of Disney Parade (1998–1999 and 2001–2007)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame Carnival (1997–1998)
Disney Classics Parade (1992–1997)
Shows
The Starlit Princess Waltz (2017–2018)
Mickey Presents Happy Anniversary Disneyland Paris (2017–2018)
See also
Rail transport in Walt Disney Parks and Resorts
References
External links
Paris
1992 establishments in France
Amusement parks in France
Buildings and structures in Paris
Amusement parks opened in 1992
Lepidodactylus pulcher, also known as the Wild scaly-toed gecko or Admiralty gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Admiralty Islands (Papua New Guinea).
References
Lepidodactylus
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Reptiles of Papua New Guinea
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Reptiles described in 1885
Geckos of New Guinea
Changyi Road () is part of an interchange station of Lines 14 and 18 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Minsheng Road and Pudong Avenue in Pudong, Shanghai, the station opened on 30 December 2021, when both lines began operations. Its name is taken from the adjacent parallel street just north of the station, Changyi Road. It's one of the featured stations of the two lines, with tree-like structures and changing color lights, attracting passengers to take photos.
Station Layout
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Line 18, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Paul E. Beaudoin (born 1960 in Hialeah, Florida) is an American composer, theorist and author. Their 60-second piano piece "dance re: pnmr" has been on a worldwide tour with pianist Guy Livingston and was recorded by them for the Wergo label.
Biography
Dr. Beaudoin received their education from the University of Miami in Coral Gables, FL (BM, 1983); the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, MA (MM with Academic Distinction, 1987) and a Ph.D. in Music Composition and Theory from Brandeis University in 2002. They have worked with Martin Boykan, Robert Cogan, Michael Finnissy, and Dennis Kam.
They have authored a chapter on American Jazz and another on American popular music that appears in Connect for Education's OnMusic of the World (McGraw-Hill) (Fall, 2007). They teamed with Judith Tick on the Oxford University Press book Music of the U.S.A.: A Documentary Companion (Oct., 2008) and they are a widely respected reviewer of music texts published by Prentice Hall, Bedford/St. Martins, W. W. Norton, and McGraw Hill. In 2009, their online "History of Jazz" received an Innovative Teaching award from the Center for Teaching and Learning at Fitchburg State College in Fitchburg, MA. Dr. Beaudoin continues to develop online courses in music and art that are recognized internationally.
They have been a composers' fellow at the MacDowell Colony (1995; 1997), the Wellesley Composer's Conference (1997); the Festival at Sandpoint, June in Buffalo (Buffalo, New York), and was an American composer-in-residence at the Royal Opera House Garden Venture in Dartington, England. As a theorist they have given papers on the music of Milton Babbitt (New England Conference of Music Theorists, 1994), György Ligeti (McGill Theory Conference, 2000) and has twice participated in the Orpheus Academy for Music Theory in Ghent, Belgium.
Dr. Beaudoin has taught music theory, music history, music composition and clarinet at Northeastern University, the New England Conservatory of Music, the Boston Conservatory of Music and online courses in Music History and Jazz at Somerset Community College in Somerset, Kentucky. In 1996 they received the coveted Brandeis Prize Instructorship and in 2003, the prestigious Excellence in Teaching Award from Northeastern University.  They are currently Assistant Professor of Humanities at Fitchburg State University and a lecturer at Rhode Island College in Providence, Rhode Island.
Online Education Specialist
With the creation of their online History of Jazz course written in 2008, Dr. Beaudoin has been an active participant in the online learning environment. Two of their courses have received prestigious recognition: "from Woodstock to the iPod: A Social History of American Popular Music" received the Massachusetts Colleges Online "Course of Distinction" award. Their innovative "Commonwealth of the Arts" course for Fitchburg State University was a recipient of the 2013 Exemplary Course Award given by Blackboard Inc. Dr. Beaudoin is also a frequent international keynote and workshop leader. In 2014, Dr. Beaudoin was inducted into the prestigious Blackboard, Inc. MVP team.
Dr. Beaudoin is a dynamic leader, speaker, and advocate for online education. Their practical, creative and innovative strategies help educators engage, motivate and retain students. They have spoken at several conferences, symposia and workshops on eLearning and is published in The Chronicle for Higher Education, Campus Technology, 21st century Classroom and others.
In 2009, Dr. Beaudoin was invited to deliver a paper entitled "iTunes, YouTube and Me: Integrating Music Technology in the Music Classroom" at the 2nd Conference on the Changing Face of Music Education in Tallinn, Estonia. That paper was subsequently translated into Hungarian and published in the journal Parlando. In April 2012, Dr. Beaudoin delivered the opening Keynote Address titled "What if?" at the Changing Face of Music and Art Education in Tallinn, Estonia. That address was partially translated into Estonian and subsequently broadcast on ClassicRadio One throughout the Baltic region.
In 2013, Dr. Beaudoin presented at the eLearning in Action conference at the Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology in the U.A.E. They were also a workshop leader at the Rhode Island Music Educators Conference and Blackboard World 2013 where they addressed issues of motivating online students. In 2014 they returned to the Music Department at the Institute of Fine Arts at Tallinn University in Estonia to deliver a keynote address entitled "The Puzzle Box."
Beginning in January 2015, Dr. Beaudoin will be a Fulbright Scholar in residence at Tallinn University. Dr. Beaudoin's writings can be seen online at Academia.edu.
Recordings
re: dance (PNMR). Recorded by Guy Livingston on "Don't Panic: 60 Seconds for piano." Wergo 66492.lamentus (for robert cogan and pozzi escot). available on CeC, Montreal, Canada.
References
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American musicologists
Brandeis University alumni
Living people
People from Hialeah, Florida
University of Miami alumni
New England Conservatory alumni
1960 births
Theodoros Stamatopoulos (born 24 April 1970) is a Greek racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Greek male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Greece
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kendriya Vidyalya Tenga Valley is a school in Tenga Valley, West Kameng district in Arunachal Pradesh, India. It was established in 1973 by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan under the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India. It provides education up to grade 12.
History
Maj. Gen A. N. Mathur was the first chairperson of the Vidyalaya, and K. L. Katiar worked as the first principal. The Vidyalaya has had 25 chairpeople and 17 principals so far. The foundation stone of the present building was laid by Bansi Lal, Defence Minister, on 17 April 1976. It was inaugurated on 29 March 1977 by Lt. Gen S.L. Menezes.
At present there are 679 students getting education in this Vidyalaya, under the guidance of 37 members of staff.
See also
List of Kendriya Vidyalayas
References
External links
Kendriya Vidyalya Tenga Valley, Official website
Kendriya Vidyalya Tenga Valley at Facebook
West Kameng district
Schools in Arunachal Pradesh
Kendriya Vidyalayas
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Arunachal Pradesh
Government schools in India
Co-educational schools in India
Kerrytown is a small rural community in the Timaru District, Canterbury, New Zealand. It is located east of Pleasant Point and north-west of Timaru.
References
Timaru District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
Robert de Vere (after c. 1165 – before 25 October 1221), hereditary Master Chamberlain of England, was son of Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford, and Agnes of Essex. They succeeded their brother as the third Earl of Oxford, and was one of the twenty-five guarantors of Magna Carta.
Robert de Vere was the second surviving son of Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford, and their third wife, Agnes of Essex. The date of their birth is not known, but they were likely born after 1164. Almost nothing is known of their life until 1207, when they married Isabel de Bolebec, the widow of Henry de Nonant (d. 1206) of Totnes, Devon. In 1206-7 Isabel and their sister Constance were co-heiresses of their niece, another Isabel de Bolebec, the countess of Oxford by their marriage to Robert's brother, Aubrey de Vere, 2nd Earl of Oxford. They divided the barony of Whitchurch. The fact that aunt and niece had identical names, Isabel de Bolbec, and were successively countesses of Oxford and heiresses of Whitchurch has led to confusion between the two women.
When Robert's brother, Aubrey de Vere, 2nd Earl of Oxford, died in the latter half of 1214, Robert succeeded to their title and estates and the hereditary office of Master Chamberlain of England. The dower of Earl Aubrey's second wife, Alice (possibly their cousin, a daughter of Roger Bigod, 2nd Earl of Norfolk), had not been formalized. In 1215 Oxford settled their sister-in-law's dower by lot, the earl drawing two knights' fees for every one drawn by Alice. This is the only known instance of dower being settled in this manner.
Oxford joined the disaffected barons who met at Stamford and forced King John to issue Magna Carta at Runnymede on 15 June 1215. The earl was elected one of the barons who were to guarantee the King's adherence to its terms. Together with other Magna Carta barons, they were excommunicated as a rebel by Pope Innocent III on 16 December 1215, and joined them in offering the crown to Prince Louis of France.
Oxford took up arms against King John, but pledged loyalty to them after the King had taken Castle Hedingham in March 1216. Later in the same year, however, they did homage to Prince Louis at Rochester. Louis entered London and was proclaimed King. On 14 June 1216, they captured Winchester and soon controlled over half of England.
In the midst of this crisis, King John died, prompting many of the barons to desert Louis in favor of John's nine-year-old son, Henry III. In 1217 Prince Louis retook Castle Hedingham and restored it to Oxford, but despite this Oxford transferred their allegiance to the new King in October 1217. Although they did homage to Henry, they were not fully restored in their offices and lands until February 1218.
Earl Robert served as a king's justice in 1220-21, and died shortly before 25 October 1221.
They were buried at Hatfield Regis Priory, where either their son, Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford, or their grandson, Robert de Vere, 5th Earl of Oxford had an effigy erected in which they are depicted in chain mail, cross-legged, pulling their sword from its scabbard and holding a shield displaying their de Vere arms.
Issue
Robert de Vere and Isabel de Bolebec had a son, Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford.
Ancestry
Footnotes
References
External links
Medieval Lands Project on Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford
12th-century births
1221 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Anglo-Normans
Robert de Vere, 3rd Earl
People from Castle Hedingham
Magna Carta barons
Robert
12th-century English people
13th-century English people
Two:Thirteen (sometimes titled 2wo:Thirteen, or simply 2:13 ), is a 2009 horror/thriller film directed by Charles Adelman and starring Mark Thompson, Mark Pellegrino, Teri Polo, and Kevin Pollak.
Synopsis
Despite suffering a traumatic past and battling a drinking problem, Russell Spivey is a successful police profiler. When they rejoin their team after a stint on psychiatric leave and finds themselves on the trail of a serial killer, they must set aside their personal issues and do what they do best - delve into the mind of a murderer. But as Spivey gets closer to solving the case, it appears that the killer is now targeting him. Each victim is found with a mask - an all-too-familiar object of their childhood - and word games that leave them puzzled. Spivey must catch up with the Masked Murderer before they lose everyone they love and their future becomes just as dark as their past.
Cast
References
External links
Official website
2009 films
2009 psychological thriller films
American serial killer films
American psychological thriller films
2009 horror films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Xavier de Langlais (April 26, 1906 in Sarzeau – June 15, 1975) was a Breton painter, printmaker and writer. They usually signed their work with the name Langleiz, a Breton language version of their surname.
Early career
Langlais studied art in Nantes (1922) and Paris (1926–1928). During their stay in Paris they took advantage of their free time to learn the Breton language. They tried to find a way to create a new art connected with their love of Brittany, and began to work as a painter, church decorator and researcher into artistic techniques.
In 1931 they married Annick Gazet du Chatelier, with whom they had four children. In 1948, they became a professor of design at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts de Rennes, where they continued to work for the remainder of their career. They also worked as an illustrator, mainly using the traditional woodblock printing technique.
They wrote a book on techniques of oil painting, which is still authoritative and has been translated into several languages.
Breton artist and activist
A supporter of the Breton National Party, they edited and illustrated its literature. In 1924, they made contact with Ar Seiz Breur, a group of nationalistic Breton artists formed by Jeanne Malivel and René-Yves Creston.
With James Bouillé, an architect and member of Ar Seiz Breur, they established the art workshop "An Droellenn" (The Spiral) in 1935. This was dedicated to the revival of Breton Christian art. They created several religious murals: in the chapel of St. Joseph's College in Lannion, the Grand Seminary in Saint-Brieuc, the Notre-Dame-de-la-Mer Étel Church in La Richardais, and the stations of the cross, La Baule.
They were a prolific writer in the Breton language and was an ardent promoter of orthographic reform would create characters for the specific dialect of Vannes Breton that they practiced. They held discussions in Vannes in 1936, but the project only reached fruition 1941. In that year they moved to Rennes, where they worked as an artistic and literary critic, writing a regular column in La Bretagne, a pro-Marshal Philippe Pétain collaborationist newspaper edited by Yann Fouéré.
They had met Roparz Hemon in Paris in 1926 and was invited by them to join the editorial board of the Breton literary magazine Gwalarn. They published plays, poems and novels and focused especially on the Arthurian cycle. They also participated in the revival of the publishing and distribution of books in Breton in 1949, and participated in the summer school Bretonnante Kamp Etrekeltiek ar Vrezhonegerien, founded in 1948, and which still exists.
They helped in the dissemination of books in Breton, and later became chairperson of the Celtic Circle in Rennes. They continued to espouse Breton nationalism throughout their life.
Writings
An diou zremm (the two faces), drama, 1932
Kanou en noz, poems, 1932
Koroll ar vuhez hag ar maro (Dance of Life and Death), poem, 1938
Ene al Linennou
Enez ar Rod (Island of the Wheel), a science fiction novel, written 1940–1942, 1949, 2000
Mouladuriou hor yezh (Island Under Glass, 1962 Pan, 2002, Coop Breizh)
Tristan et Yseult Brest, Al Liamm, 1958
Technique de la peinture à l'huile, Flammarion, 1959 détail de l'édition
Le Roman du Roi Arthur, novels, 5 vol., Coop Breizh, Spézet, 1965–1971
Merlin, (also published in Breton)
Lancelot,
Perceval,
La Quête du Graal,
La Fin des temps aventureux,
Romant ar Roue Arzhur. Marzhin (Merlin), breton version of the first book from the Arthur series, Brest, Al Liamm, 1975.
Tristan hag Yseult, Rennes, Terre de brume, 1994 (cf. 1958).
References
Bibliography
Xavier de Langlais et L'île de Sein, Patricia Plaud-Dihuit .
Les décorations dans les édifices religieux en Bretagne, Masters dissertation in art history, by Florence Collet, supervised by Denise Delouche
Etude comparative de l'ile sous cloche de Xavier de Langlais et de L'Île du docteur Moreau de Wells, master's thesis in modern literature, Fabienne Tireau.
Encyclopedia Bretonne No. 2. 1977
Xavier de Langlais et la Bretagne, complete works edited by Denise Delouche. Edition Coop Breizh . Coop Breizh Edition.
External links
Xavier de Langlais website
1906 births
1975 deaths
People from Sarzeau
Breton nationalists
French illustrators
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
French mixed-media artists
French decorative artists
Writers from Brittany
Breton artists
French male writers
20th-century French male writers
The spectacled prickletail (Siptornis striaticollis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. Its genus, Siptornis, is monotypic. It is found in the Andes of southwestern Colombia, Ecuador and far northern Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
spectacled prickletail
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
spectacled prickletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1922 Giro di Lombardia was the 18th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 5 November 1922. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Costante Girardengo of the Bianchi team.
General classification
References
1922
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Adam Robert Price (born 23 September 1968) is a Welsh politician serving as the Leader of Plaid Cymru since 2018. , they have sat in the Senedd for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr, having previously been a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Carmarthen East and Dinefwr constituency.
Early life and career
Price was born in Carmarthen and grew up in Tycroes. Their father, Rufus, was a miner at Betws Colliery. Their parents were Welsh speakers, but raised their children to speak English; Price was taught Welsh as a teenager by their brother Adrian. Their parents were active in politics, starting a branch of Plaid Cymru in Ammanford, Carmarthenshire.
They went to Ysgol Dyffryn Aman in Ammanford. They later studied at Cardiff University, gaining a BA in European Community studies in 1991. They also studied at Saarland University.
After graduating, Price worked as a research associate at Cardiff University's department of city and regional planning. From 1998, they were the managing director of the Newidiem Economic Development Consultancy.
Member of Parliament
Price unsuccessfully contested the Gower seat in 1992 winning 3.5% of the vote. They were elected Member of Parliament for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr in 2001, holding the seat until they stood down in 2010.
In 2002, Price obtained a letter written by Tony Blair to the Romanian Government in support of Lakshmi Mittal's LNM steel company, which was in the process of bidding to buy Romania's state-owned steel industry. This revelation caused controversy, because Mittal had given £125,000 to the British Labour Party the previous year. Although Blair defended their letter as simply "celebrating the success" of a British company, they were criticised because LNM was registered in the Dutch Antilles and employed less than 1% of its workforce in the UK. LNM was a "major global competitor of Britain's own struggling steel industry". Blair's letter hinted that the privatisation of the firm and sale to Mittal might help smooth the way for Romania's entry into the European Union. It also had a passage, removed prior to Blair's signing of it, describing Mittal as "a friend".
In 2004, Price announced their intention to begin a process of impeachment against Tony Blair following controversy over the Iraq War, with the backing of Plaid Cymru and SNP MPs as well as Boris Johnson and Nigel Evans. If successful, it could have seen Blair tried before the House of Lords; however, as expected, the measure failed. Price was ejected from the Commons chamber in 2005 after accusing the Prime Minister of having "misled" Parliament and then refusing to withdraw their comment, in violation of the rules of the House. In 2006, Price opened a three-hour debate on an inquiry into the Iraq War, the first such debate in over two years. The SNP and Plaid Cymru motion proposing a committee of seven senior MPs to review "the way in which the responsibilities of government were discharged in relation to Iraq", was defeated by 298 votes to 273.
Writing in the Welsh language current affairs magazine Barn in April 2007, Price criticised UK government policy on drugs, indicating their support for their legalisation under medical supervision.
In August 2007, Price highlighted what they perceived as a lack of a Welsh focus in BBC news broadcasts. Price threatened to withhold future television licence fees in response to a lack of thorough news coverage of Wales, echoing a BBC Audience Council for Wales July report citing public frustration over how the Welsh Assembly is characterised in national media. Plaid AM Bethan Jenkins agreed with Price and called for responsibility for broadcasting to be devolved to the Welsh Assembly, voicing similar calls from Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond. Criticism of the BBC's news coverage for Wales and Scotland since devolution prompted debate of possibly providing evening news broadcasts with specific focus for both countries.
Following the 2007 Welsh Assembly elections, a parliamentary standards and privileges committee found Plaid MPs Price, Elfyn Llwyd, and Hywel Williams guilty of improperly advertising during the elections. Though the committee acknowledged the MPs did not break any rules of the House of Commons, the committee believed the timing of the adverts were planned to coincide with the Assembly elections. Parliamentary funds are available for MPs to communicate with constituents regularly. However, the committee found that the three used this communication allowance improperly as part of Plaid's campaigning during the elections as the adverts were placed in publications with a circulation outside of their respective constituencies. Of the committee findings, Plaid MP group leader Elfyn Llwyd said that they would comply with the findings of the committee, but that they had "acted in good faith throughout, and fully in line with the advice that was offered to us by the DFA (Department of Finance and Administration) at the time of the publication of the reports". The MPs had to repay the money, about five thousand pounds each, and report the costs as part of Plaid's election spending.
In August 2007, Price began a regular column in the weekly Welsh language current affairs magazine Golwg.
Price has been a long-standing opponent to the war in Afghanistan and put forward an Early Day Motion calling for a timetable for withdrawal. Price has been critical of the strategy and objectives of the war.
In August 2010, Price announced they would not to stand in the 2011 Welsh Assembly elections, and instead stated they planned to spend a year in the United States on a Fulbright scholarship, before returning to the Welsh Assembly for the 2016 elections.
Business and charity career
In September 2010, they began studying at Harvard University, for a Master's in Public Administration and gaining a fellowship at the Center for International Development in the John F. Kennedy School of Government. They returned to Wales two years later and helped form financial software firm Ideoba in Bridgend. The company collapsed and subsequently went bankrupt after being unable to secure further investment. They then worked for the innovation charity Nesta.
Between September and October 2014, Price presented a 3-part documentary series titled Streic (Strike) about the 1984–85 Welsh miners' strike, broadcast on S4C.
Later political career
Having stood down from the UK Parliament in 2010, they announced in 2013 their intention to re-enter politics and stand again for the National Assembly for Wales, and returned to politics when they were elected to the Assembly in 2016 for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr.
On 2 July 2018, Price published an article for WalesOnline where they called on Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood to accept proposals to implement a new co-leadership model for Plaid Cymru, "where two leaders, male and female, jointly lead the party”. They had criticised the direction of the party under Wood. Wood rejected the proposals, leading Price to challenge Wood for the leadership and declare their candidacy for the 2018 Plaid Cymru leadership election on 4 July, along with fellow Plaid Cymru AM Rhun ap Iorwerth.
Price proposed several new policies Plaid Cymru could adopt as part of their leadership bid. They suggested their party should use Wales's incoming devolved powers on taxation to put one penny on income tax for increased funding in the education system. In August, Price released a ten-point policy plan setting out their vision for the Welsh economy, policies included: cuts and swaps to tax, a publicly owned Welsh energy company, infrastructure spending, and a job guarantee programme. A separate document they released for their campaign, "Wales 2030: Seven Steps to Independence", detailed step-by-step measures their party could take to achieve Welsh independence by the year 2030.
Leadership of Plaid Cymru
In the 2018 Plaid Cymru leadership election, Price was elected leader of Plaid Cymru with almost half of members' votes, defeating incumbent leader, Leanne Wood. Price announced a new frontbench team the following month. In October 2018, Price revealed that they had recruited the SNP's former deputy leader Angus Robertson to oversee a review of Plaid Cymru's campaign strategy. Guest speaking at that month's SNP conference, they backed calls for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, and said they and their party would campaign to remain in the EU in the event of another referendum.
In January 2019, Price spoke in favour of cooperation among the Celtic nations of Britain and Ireland following Brexit. Among their proposals were a Celtic Development Bank for joint infrastructure and investment projects in energy, transport and communications in Ireland, Wales, Scotland and the Isle of Man and the foundation of a Celtic union the structure of which is already existent in the Good Friday Agreement according to Price. Speaking to RTÉ, the Irish national broadcaster, they proposed Wales and Ireland working together to promote the indigenous languages of each nation.
At the 2019 general election, Plaid Cymru's manifesto titled 'Wales, It's Us' included policies such as a second Brexit referendum in which the party would campaign to remain in the European Union, investment in the development of environmentally friendly industry referred to as a 'green jobs revolution', more funding for education and police, drug law reform, greater devolution of powers over tax and giving the devolved administrations a veto over the UK going to war. The party also formed a agreement with the Green Party and Liberal Democrats called to Unite to Remain alliance to stand down for each over in certain constituencies, Price described this decision as “grownup politics”. Plaid Cymru left the election with the same number of seats and a small decrease in its vote share.
In December 2020, Price promised that their party would hold a referendum on Welsh independence if it won a majority at the 2021 Senedd election though any such vote would need the agreement of the UK government. Other policies their party promised for that election included free school meals for every primary school child, lower average council tax along with more social and affordable housing, health professionals and eco friendly jobs. Price stated that they would form a government which would create a "fairer, greener future where our country thrives by taking control of its own affairs and unleashing its greatest potential - its people". The party made a net gain of one seat in that election with a slight reduction in its proportion of votes cast but lost second place position to the Welsh Conservatives.
In November 2021, Price and Welsh Labour leader Mark Drakeford reached a co-operation agreement on policy in a wide range of areas. Ideas they planned to implement included free-at-the-point-of-use social care, expanding services for children and restrictions on second homes. The deal was the third time Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru had agreed to work together in the era of devolution.
Personal life
Price is gay. They have two children. They also feature in the Rainbow List of leading Welsh figures.
Publications
Price, Adam (2010), Why Vote Plaid Cymru?, Biteback Limited,
Morgan, Kevin John, & Price, Adam, 2011, The Collective Entrepreneur: Social Enterprise and the Smart State, Community Housing Cymru and Charity Bank
Price, Adam (2018), Wales – The First and Final Colony, Y Lolfa,
References
External links
ePolitix.com – Adam Price
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Adam Price MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Adam Price MP
The Public Whip – Adam Price MP
Now for the politics of last resort – impeach Tony Blair (Guardian, 26 August 2004)
Impeach Blair.org
Biography
BBC Politics page
Urging to make Liverpool capital of the UK in January 2003
1968 births
Living people
Alumni of Cardiff University
Gay politicians
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Leaders of Plaid Cymru
LGBT members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
LGBT members of the Senedd
Male bloggers
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Carmarthenshire constituencies
People from Carmarthen
Plaid Cymru members of the Senedd
Plaid Cymru MPs
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Wales MSs 2016–2021
Wales MSs 2021–2026
Welsh bloggers
Welsh socialists
Welsh-speaking politicians
21st-century LGBT people
The White Waltz (French: La valse blanche) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Jean Stelli and starring Lise Delamare, André Alerme and Aimé Clariond. It was produced and released during the German occupation of France.
Synopsis
Bernard, a promising composer is engaged to Hélène, but is jealous of their relationship with Professor d'Estérel who they assist. After an argument they go out into heavy rain and falls ill.  They are sent to a sanatorium in the mountains to recover. There they encounter Jacqueline, a girl they once knew at the conservatoire, who is dying of tuberculosis. To try and soften the last weeks of their life they pretend to romance them Hélène also helps to support this act of kindness.
Cast
Lise Delamare as Hélène Madelin
André Alerme as Monsieur Despillois
Aimé Clariond as Le professeur d'Estérel
Julien Bertheau as Bernard Lampré
Ariane Borg as Jacqueline Lorbodsen dite Jackie
Marcelle Géniat as Nany
Raymond Cordy as Le peintre René Dupré
Marcelle Monthil as Mademoiselle Zamb
Michel de Bonnay as Jeannot
Annette Poivre as Lily
Paul Barge as Le concierge
Lucien Desagneaux as Un élève du Conservatoire
Luce Fabiole as La mère de Jeannot
Georges Gosset as L'ami d'Hélène
Albert Morys as Un malade
Maurice Tricard as Le docteur Bohains
Roger Vincent as Le critique
References
Bibliography
Rège, Philippe. Encyclopedia of French Film Directors, Volume 1. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
Weber, Alain. La bataille du film: 1933-1945, le cinéma français entre allégeance et résistance. Ramsay, 2007.
External links
1943 films
French drama films
1940s French-language films
1943 drama films
Films directed by Jean Stelli
Films set in Paris
1940s French films
Santa Maria in Valdiola is a Roman Catholic parish church located in the rural neighborhood or frazione of Chigiano, north but within the limits of San Severino Marche, province of Macerata, Region of Marche, Italy.
The church was erected in the 13th century and has a sober, yet tall façade and belltower. The interior houses some 14th-century frescoes.
References
Roman Catholic churches in San Severino Marche
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Grand Theft Childhood: The Surprising Truth About Violent Video Games and What Parents Can Do is a book by Lawrence Kutner and Cheryl K. Olson. Along with psychiatrist Eugene V. Beresin, Kutner and Olson are co-directors of the Harvard Medical School Center for Mental Health and Media, a division of the department of psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Background
The book was based in part on original research funded by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, U.S. Department of Justice to the Center for Mental Health and Media. The book's title is a play on the Grand Theft Auto series, a video game series that has attracted a great deal of controversy.
In contrast to previous studies that focused on potential harmful effects of violent video game play and links to real-life violence, Kutner and Olson take a more nuanced view of how video games influence young teens. The authors found previous research (including experimental studies on college students) of little help to parents, teachers, pediatricians or policymakers concerned about potential risks from video game play. They also suggest that potential benefits of video games (including some games with violent content) has not received enough attention. Their program of research included a school-based survey of 1,254 children in grades 7 and 8, a survey of 500 of their parents, and focus groups with adolescent boys and their parents.
Kutner and Olson first looked at what behaviors are normal for young adolescents today, including what games they play, where, how much, with whom, and why. They then looked for patterns of play associated with a higher risk of everyday problems of concern to parents. Because it is not possible to show cause and effect with a one-time survey, the authors focused on identifying "markers" of increased risk for problems.
The authors described their findings as both "encouraging, and at times disturbing". As they reviewed their data as well as reports by other researchers, they concluded that "parents, politicians, researchers and child advocates probably worry too much about the wrong things, and too little about more subtle issues and complex effects that are much more likely to affect our children" (page 18).
In an interview, Olson explained why they chose to write a popular book in addition to their academic publications: "We felt it was important to give intelligent people who haven't been involved in research a chance to see how media violence studies are planned, carried out and interpreted so they could judge for themselves what makes sense. We also wanted to share insightful comments made by teens about the role of video games in their lives, and the specifics of parents' concerns."
Summary of book contents
Chapter 1 looks at fears and myths about violent video games (including their purported role in school shootings) and introduces the research.
Chapter 2 puts concerns about video game violence into context with panics over effects of earlier media (including paperback novels, gangster films and comic books).
Chapter 3 explains how media violence research is actually carried out, and why various experts strongly disagree on its effects.
Chapter 4 describes the results of the authors' research, including what games 13-year-olds play, and correlations between certain game play patterns and aggressive behavior or school problems.
Chapter 5 reviews research on what attracts children to violent video games.
Chapter 6 goes beyond the issue of game violence to examine sexual content in games, web-based games by hate groups, "advergames", and game addiction concerns.
Chapter 7 looks at game rating systems around the world, and what parents want from a rating system.
Chapter 8 looks at the politics of video games and the motivations behind and failure of efforts to regulate games.
Chapter 9 reviews parent concerns and provides specific advice on minimizing harm and maximizing benefits from children's video game play.
Conclusions
In their school-based surveys, Kutner and Olson found that Mature-rated (age 17+) video game play was common among young adolescents; 68% of boys and 29% of girls had at least one M-rated title among five games played "a lot" during previous six months. Among boys, games in the Grand Theft Auto series were by far the most popular. Most of the boys' top games, however, were sports or Teen-rated fantasy games. Among girls, The Sims series was most popular, but Grand Theft Auto claimed second place. The rest of the girls' top ten were nonviolent games such as Mario titles, Dance Dance Revolution or simulation games.
The surveys also found correlations between violent gameplay and some common childhood problems. Boys who played any Mature-rated game a lot had twice the risk of certain aggressive behaviors (e.g., getting into fights, beating up someone, damaging property for fun) or school problems (e.g., getting in trouble with a teacher, getting poor grades), at least once during the past year, compared to boys who played games with lower age ratings. Among girls, the risk of problems was three to four times higher for those who played violent games vs. those who played other games.
Boys who did not play any video games during a typical week also had a higher chance for problems; however, there were not enough boys in this group to find statistically significant differences. Kutner and Olson stress that a one-time survey cannot show causality (it could be that already-aggressive teens prefer violent games, for example) and that most children who play violent games do not have problems. They also document many creative, social and emotional benefits from video game play—even games with violent content—which were used by many children to relieve stress and get out anger.
Ultimately, the authors express concern that "focusing on such easy but minor targets as violent video games causes parents, social activists and public-policy makers to ignore the much more powerful and significant causes of youth violence that have already been well established, including a range of social, behavioral, economic, biological and mental-health factors" (page 190).
In an April 16, 2008 interview on X-Play, Kutner and Olson noted that although some studies have claimed to show a link between video games and violent or aggressive behavior, most research in this area has been flawed. Some studies dating back to the 1980s looked at now-vintage arcade games that do not remotely resemble modern video games. Some studies followed the behavior of only a few dozen children. Many of the studies do not define what constitutes violent or aggressive behavior, and many confuse short-term and long-term effects. Many also use poorly validated measures of aggression, that likely do not correlate well with real-life aggressive acts of interest to most parents and politicians.
"You'll sometimes see kids coming out of an action movie making kung fu moves against one another", said Kutner, as an example of the type of thinking behind some of the studies they looked at. "But that doesn't mean they're going to do that against the sweet little old lady down the street," they said.
Impact
The impact of Grand Theft Childhood has involved forming diverse attitudes about video game violence effects. The issue of video game violence has been contested among scholars, and Grand Theft Childhood has been one part of an increasing wave of skepticism among some scholars regarding the existence of meaningful, consistent negative effect on children of playing violent video games. Other scholars have referenced the book as indicating the need for a more nuanced view of video game effects. Reaction to the book has been mixed among scholars, often breaking along pre-existing ideological lines of belief about effects.
References
External links
Grand Theft Childhood Official website
Interview on X-Play program, G4 cable network
Interview with Dr. Cheryl K. Olson
Children and Video Games: How Much Do We Know?
Center for Mental Health and Media, Massachusetts General Hospital
Psychology books
Books about video games
Violence in video games
Grand Theft Auto
This is a list of members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives during the 55th legislature (2019–2024). These Members of Parliament were elected in the 2019 Belgian federal election.
List
New Flemish Alliance
Björn Anseeuw
Theo Francken
Darya Safai
Peter De Roover
Sophie De Wit
Yngvild Ingels
Michael Freilich
Zuhal Demir
Kathleen Depoorter
Peter Buysrogge
Frieda Gijbels
Sander Loones
Anneleen Van Bossuyt
Kristien Van Vaerenbergh
Bert Wollants
Ecolo
Kristof Calvo
Wouter De Vriendt
Socialist Party
Ahmed Laaouej
Özlem Zengin
Eliane Tillieux
Vlaams Belang
Barbara Pas
Tom Van Grieken
Dries Van Langenhove
Reformist Movement
Daniel Bacquelaine
Marie-Christine Marghem
Florence Reuter
Workers' Party
Nabil Boukili
Gaby Colebunders
Greet Daems
Roberto D'Amico
Steven De Vuyst
Raoul Hedebouw
Sofie Merckx
Peter Mertens
Nadia Moscufo
Marco Van Hees
Maria Vindevoghel
Thierry Warmoes
Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams
Nahima Lanjri
Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats
Maggie De Block
Robby De Caluwé
Patrick Dewael
Christian Leysen
Goedele Liekens
Vooruit
Melissa Depraetere
Karin Jiroflée
Bert Moyaers
Vicky Reynaert
Ben Segers
Joris Vandenbroucke
Gitta Vanpeborgh
Anja Vanrobaeys
Kris Verduyckt
Humanist Democratic Centre
Josy Arens
Georges Dallemagne
Catherine Fonck
Vanessa Matz
Maxime Prévot
DéFI
François De Smet
Sophie Rohonyi
References
Lists of members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
2010s in Belgium
2020s in Belgium
21st-century Belgian politicians
2019 establishments in Belgium
Belgium
rFactor 2 is a computer racing simulator developed by Image Space Incorporated (renamed Studio 397 in 2016, acquired by Motorsport Games in 2021) and released for Windows in 2012. Like its predecessor rFactor, rFactor2 is designed to be modified and used by professional racing teams for driver training and race car development. Much of its source code is derived from rFactor Pro, which is also used by professional racers and most of the Formula One teams and NASCAR manufacturers.
rFactor 2 is designed to simulate any type of multi-wheeled vehicle of any era, including four-wheeled and six-wheeled vehicles with either two or four steered wheels. It features advanced physics, suspension, and tire model.
Background
After the initial success of Sports Car GT (1999), Image Space Incorporated used its self-developed software engine Motor1 for several racing titles, including the Formula One simulators F1 2002 and F1 Challenge '99-'02. iMotor is an umbrella term that covers every component of the software engine, including the graphics engine gMotor and the physics engine Motor. After the release of F1 Challenge '99-'02, isiMotor was licensed to another company for the first time, SimBin, who went on to produce popular retail sim racing titles GTR and GTR 2.
Image Space Incorporated then made a racing simulator with open architecture and provided tools for the modding community to create third-party content. This title became rFactor, released in 2005, which was the first ISI title using the software engine referred to as isiMotor2.
isiMotor2 was further licensed to companies such as Slightly Mad Studios, Reiza Studios, and 2Pez Games. isiMotor2 also laid the foundation for rFactor Pro, a software simulation engine used by real-life racing teams and car manufacturers, including most of the current Formula One grid and NASCAR manufacturers. Image Space Incorporated took the experience from isiMotor2 and rFactor Pro and began the development of rFactor 2. From this point on, the software engine would be referred to as isiMotor2.5. rFactor 2 also incorporated code that was developed for rFpro. At the same time, rFpro continues to use the developments made by ISI to the rFactor codebase.
Development
From announcement to open beta (2009-2012)
The public first became aware that the development of rFactor 2 was underway when Gjon Camaj of Image Space Incorporated posted WIP in-game screenshots on Twitter in early March 2009. Later that month, they revealed more details about the upcoming simulator alongside additional in-game screenshots. In October 2010, Camaj revealed in an extensive interview plans for including licensed content, a new reworked UI, inclusion of dynamic weather, new innovative dynamic racing surface technology, improvements to the AI logic, and a new force feedback system with lower input lag and much faster and more direct steering rack forces, similar to the popular third party developed RealFeel plug-in for rFactor.
In December 2011, more features were confirmed to be included in the upcoming open beta, including rain, wet/dry track transitions, dynamic track elements (groove/marbles), new tire model, new physics, and a new collision model. On January 10, 2012, the first open beta (Test Build 49) was released. After the December 20, 2012 release (Update 10, Build 134) Test Build 49 has been out of beta since early 2013, and the official Steam store page retrospectively listed it as released on March 28, 2013 (which corresponds to build 198).
Development by ISI after release (2013-2016)
Tire degradation was added with a beta build 146 on February 4, 2013, along with other related tyre physics updates. In November 2014, a new build was released with a new tire contact patch physics, although it wasn't yet applied to any car.
Among the free content released with the game was the Corvette G6.R, Nissan GTR, Chevrolet Camaro GT3 (released in August 2013) and among the race tracks Silverstone and Lime Rock Park. In July 2013 it was announced that historical cars would be coming to rFactor 2. In May 2014 the Formula Renault 3.5 was released, shortly followed by the Dallara DW12 and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway race track, the first oval content for rFactor 2. Some historical Indycar content was also released.
Between 2014 and 2015, ISI tasked Marcel Offermans from Dutch software company Luminis to bring rFactor 1 to the Steam store, which was completed in Match 2015. This was also done as an exploration for also bringing rFactor 2 to Steam, which effectively happened in November 2015. This led to Gjon Camaj, ISI's vice president, and Offermans discussing the possibility of Luminis taking over the development of rFactor 2, which was effectively announced the following year with the creation of Studio 397.
A non-Steam version of rFactor 2 continued to be available until May 2016. In May 2016, an official physics development blog aimed at modders was launched, giving detailed information on the physics engine and how to create cars for rF2, including posts on the tire creation process.
Development moved from ISI to Studio 397 (2016)
On September 16, 2016 at Simracing Expo, ISI announced a partnership with Dutch software company Luminis with the goal of bringing new features to the software. Luminis already had experience with racing simulators, having supported Reiza Studios in the development of Automobilista, which was based on rFactor siMulator 2 engines. This partnership brings the development of rFactor 2 to a new company called Studio 397, based in Apeldoorn. Studio 397 managing director Marcel Offermans stated that a lot of new features would be implemented in the game, including a more web-based UI, a DirectX 11 compatible graphics engine and the VR support for Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Moreover, a new "paid-content system" would allow ISI to add more licensed content to the simulator.
In October 2016, Studio 397 released information about the new content. The developers announced that they had acquired the license of U.S. F2000 National Championship, Radical Sportscars, and NOLA Motorsports Park. The new rFactor 2 version would be available only on Steam. With their first build release in December 2016, Studio 397 made online racing free to all users, removing the previous subscription fee model. In May 2017, the open beta for the new DirectX 11 graphics engine was released and became the default graphics engine later the same year, discontinuing support for DirectX 9. With DX11, support for Virtual Reality was introduced.
From July 2017, Studio 397 started to release a series of updates to the tyre model, starting with the Radical SR3 RSX, and continuing with a contact patch model (CPM) update in October of the same year. In December 2017, a new build introduced an update to the tire contact patch model (CPM) physics, which developer Michael Borda deemed "the biggest change in rF2 since the introduction of the contact patch model" (which was with the 880 build back in 2014). The updated CPM was also available to modders, and was used in the 2018 version of the GP3 Series mod. In 2018, Studio 397 conducted tests at the Mechanopôle test track in Alès (France), in collaboration with Duqueine Engineering and Indy Lights and LMP2 driver Nicolas Jamin (which we're using Michelin tires), to fine-tune physics and tire data for the LMP and GTE cars.
After the Le Mans 24 Hours Virtual on February 14, 2020, Michelin stated that the tire wear rate in rFactor 2 was higher than in real life, and that they looked forward to working with Studio 397 to improve rF2 tire compounds on this aspect. On February 17, 2020, further physics updates were released, also based on feedback from 2017 World's Fastest Gamer winner Rudy van Buren.
In August 2017, Studio 397 released the first paid DLC for rFactor 2, with the McLaren 650S GT3, followed in October by a larger GT3 pack DLC. The following month, the first Formula E content was released. In March 2018, the KartSim DLC package was released, containing two go-karts and three tracks. In February 2018, Studio 297 finished data gathering for the first laser scanned track for rFactor 2 (Sebring), using Lidar technology. Later in 2018, Studio 397 released the Endurance package and several historical F1 cars (the Brabham BT44B, March 761, and McLaren M23, MP4/8 and MP4/13). In June 2019, the first six Tatuus-based cars were released. In 2019, with the addition of the 24 Hours of Le Mans and their version of the Circuit de Monaco, rF2 completed the full triple crown of tracks.
The user interface for rFactor and rFactor 2 had long been criticized for their graphic design. In December 2019, a new user interface, which had been anticipated and previewed for some time, was released as an opt-in public beta. It is entirely based on HTML to make it easier to extend and integrate with future online services. The new UI included a new matchmaker for online multiplayer and established the basis for the upcoming competition system, whose beta was released in December 2020.
Acquisition by Motorsport Games (2021)
On March 3, 2021, Motorsport Games announced a deal with Luminis International for the acquisition of 100% share of Studio 397 and rFactor 2 for 16 million USD. The race was red-flagged twice when the server had a problem and had to be restarted, drawing criticism from race leader Max Verstappen.
In February 2022, rFactor 2 released the IndyCar IR-18, with an official license of the car liveries of the full IndyCar lineup, and main publisher Motorsport Games has also in development of a dedicated IndyCar title due in 2023. This potentially signals a move of the official IndyCar eSports series to rFactor 2, which in 2020 was held in iRacing with the INDYCAR iRacing Challenge.
Use of rF2 engine in other games
In January 2019, rFactor 2's physics was licensed to Amazon Game Studios' The Grand Tour Game.
Since Motorsport Games acquisition of Studio 397 in 2021, all Motorsport Games titles will use rF2 physics engine, starting with NASCAR 21: Ignition, which was released in October 2021. Other upcoming Motorsport Games titles are the British Touring Car Championship game due in 2022, and the official IndyCar Series game due in 2023.
See also
rFpro
References
Further reading
Harrison-LordPosted, Thomas ESPORTS Sim racer turned real racer with Rudy van Buren | The Traxion.GG Podcast, Season 2, Episode 10, traxion.gg, August 2, 2021
Heusinkveld, Niels Tires in race simulations, at sim-racing.co.uk, February 2012
Gjon Camaj and Tim Wheatley on rFactor 2, by Doug Atkinson at simhqmotorsports.com, 15 September 2014
rFactor tyre physics developer Michael Borda's blog, at studio-397.com
External links
2012 video games
Image Space Incorporated games
Racing simulators
Racing video games
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Computer physics engines
Venezuela competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Medalists
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
| width="22%" align="left" valign="top" |
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men
Women
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Venezuela qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Men
Road
Judo
Men
Women
Powerlifting
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
See also
Venezuela at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Venezuelan sport
Saunders Point is an unincorporated community in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.
Schools
Mayo Elementary School
Central Elementary School
Central Middle School
South River High School
References
External links
Saunders Point Citizens Association
Unincorporated communities in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
The Quezon Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Quezon.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into four districts, the first and third districts sending two members each, and the second and fourth districts sending three members each to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Quezon, with the exception that Lucena, an independent component city, is excluded in the second district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Anacleto Alcala III (NPC)
Past members
Vice Governors
References
Politics of Quezon
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Simon Beck (born 19 August 1958) is a British snow artist and a former cartographer. Referred to as the world's first snow artist, they are primarily known for their landscape drawings and sculptures created from snow and sand. Their work appeared in new media after they completed installations at Banff National Park in Alberta and Powder Mountain, Utah. They later participated in Minnesota's annual snow festival, "The Great Northern".
Biography
They were born in 1958 London and later moved to French Alps. They originally started their career in 2004. They obtained their civil engineering degree from the Oxford University, and later worked as a cartographer until they left cartography around 2009 and appeared to be involved in large-scale snow drawings. They create about thirty drawings every winter, primarily in the Alps. They create artwork by walking over a mile on snowshoes which continues for around ten hours in completing an artwork. Sometimes, they walk about 30 miles for completing a single work from snow and uses compass to measure steps needed to complete geometrical snow designs.
Since they began creating snow art, they have created about 330 drawings of snow and 120 of sand as of 2020. Some of their artwork has been commissioned by the associated organizations or art societies around the world. In 2016, a short documentary titled Simon Beck - Snowartist was created which revolves around their artwork. The film first appeared during a short film showcase of the National Geographic.
References
External links
Simon Beck at MutualArt.com
1958 births
Living people
Artists from London
21st-century English artists
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alangium is a small genus of flowering plants. The genus is included either in a broad view of the dogwood family Cornaceae, or as the sole member of its own family Alangiaceae. Alangium has about 40 species, but some of the species boundaries are not entirely clear. The type species for Alangium is Alangium decapetalum, which is now treated as a subspecies of Alangium salviifolium. All of the species are shrubs or small trees, except the liana Alangium kwangsiense. A. chinense, A. platanifolium, and A. salviifolium are known in cultivation.
Range
The genus consists of small trees, shrubs and lianas, and is native to western Africa, Madagascar, southern and eastern Asia (China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines), tropical Australia, the western Pacific Ocean islands, and New Caledonia.
Most of the species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of east and southeast Asia. Five of the species extend well outside of this area. Alangium platanifolium extends from east Asia into Russia. Alangium chinense (sensu lato) extends from southeast Asia to Africa. Alangium salviifolium is the most widespread species, ranging from Africa to Australia, Fiji, and New Caledonia. Alangium villosum occurs from southeast Asia to Australia and the western Pacific Islands. Alangium grisolleoides is endemic to Madagascar and gives the genus a disjunct distribution.
Alangium species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species in the Geometroidea-Drepanoidea assemblage including engrailed (Geometridae) and the subfamily Cyclidiinae (Drepanidae).
Etymology
The name Alangium is a Latinization, derived from the Malayalam name alangi, which, in Kerala, refers to Alangium salviifolium.
It was named in 1783 by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck in their Encyclopédie Méthodique.
Paleontological record
The wood, fruit, and pollen of Alangium are distinctive. Fossils of Alangium have been recognized from the early Eocene of England and the middle Eocene of western North America. In former times, Alangium was far more widespread than it is today.
Species
The Plant List recognises 42 accepted species (including infraspecific names):
Alangium alpinum
Alangium barbatum
subsp. barbatum
subsp. decipiens
subsp. faberi
Alangium brachyanthum
Alangium chinense
Alangium chungii
Alangium circulare
Alangium grisolleoides
Alangium havilandii
Alangium javanicum
var. ebenaceum
var. papuanum
Alangium kurzii
Alangium longiflorum
Alangium maliliense
Alangium nobile
Alangium platanifolium
Alangium premnifolium
Alangium qingchuanense
Alangium ridleyi
Alangium rotundifolium
Alangium salviifolium
subsp. hexapetalum
Alangium scandens
Alangium sinicum
Alangium taiwanianum
Alangium tetrandrum
Alangium tonkinense
Alangium uniloculare (syn. Alangium griffithii)
Alangium villosum
subsp. bussyanum
subsp. ferrugineum
var. javanicum
subsp. parviflorum
subsp. pilosum
subsp. polyosmoides
subsp. tomentosum
subsp. vitiense
subsp. warburgianum
Alangium yunnanense
Characteristics
Differences from the other genera in Cornaceae include articulated pedicels, subulate bracts, bitegmic seeds and the single-seeded fruit. The entire or lobed leaves are alternate. The bisexual (rarely unisexual) nectariferous flowers are arranged in axillary cymes. The flowers have 4-10 small sepals and 4-10 linear petals. There are 4–40 stamens distributed in a single cycle. The ovary is inferior and bilocular (sometimes unilocular). The fruit is drupe.
A detailed description of Alangium can be found at Flora of China (journal). Detailed botanical illustrations are available for several species.
Taxonomy
In 2011, a phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences showed that Alangium is sister to Cornus. Since 1939, Alangium has been divided into four sections: Conostigma, Rhytidandra, Marlea, and Alangium. Some authors have raised Marlea and Rhytidandra to generic rank. The intergeneric classification of Alangium will require a few changes.
Traditional uses
One species, Alangium chinense (), is considered one of the fifty fundamental herbs in traditional Chinese medicine.
References
External links
Alangium At:Index Nominum Genericorum At: References At: NMNH Department of Botany At: Research and Collections At: Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History
Alangium In: Volume 1 Of: Encyclopédie méthodique: botanique At: Biodiversity Heritage Library
List of lower taxa Alangium.pdf Alangium Chinese Plant Names Alangiaceae FOC vol. 13 Family List Flora of China eFloras
Alangium At: Plant Names At: IPNI
CRC World Dictionary of Plant Names: A-C At: Botany & Plant Science At: Life Science At: CRC Press
Germplasm Resources Information Network: Alangium
Flora of Pakistan: Alangium
Flora of Madagascar: Alangium
Flora of China checklist: Alangium
Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine
Cornales genera
In the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup the main disciplinary action taken against players comes in the form of red and yellow cards.
Any player picking up a red card is expelled from the pitch and automatically banned for their country's next match, whether via a straight red or second yellow. After a straight red card, FIFA will conduct a hearing and may extend this ban beyond one match. If the ban extends beyond the end of the finals (i.e. if a player is sent off in the match in which their team was eliminated), it must be served in the team's next competitive international match(es).
Disciplinary statistics
Total number of yellow cards: 90
Average yellow cards per match: 3.60
Total number of red cards: 10
Average red cards per match: 0.24
First yellow card: Marco Ureña – Costa Rica against Cuba
First red card: Marvin González – El Salvador against Mexico
Fastest yellow card from kick off: 2 minutes – David Cyrus – Grenada against Jamaica
Fastest yellow card after coming on as substitute: 2 minutes – Henry Medina – Honduras against Guatemala
Latest yellow card in a match without extra time: 90+3 minutes – Carlos Bocanegra – United States against Panama
Fastest dismissal from kick off: 4 minutes – Jean-Luc Lambourde – Guadeloupe against Canada
Fastest dismissal of a substitute: 5 minutes – Henry Medina – Honduras against Guatemala
Latest dismissal in a match without extra time: 90+3 minutes – Marvin González – El Salvador against Mexico
Latest dismissal in a match with extra time: 115 minutes – Roger Espinoza – Honduras against Mexico
Least time difference between two yellow cards given to the same player: 5 minutes – Henry Medina – Honduras against Guatemala (Medina was booked in the 74th minute and again in the 79th resulting in their dismissal.)
Most yellow cards (team): 15 – Honduras
Most red cards (team): 3 – Guatemala
Fewest yellow cards (team): 2 – Cuba
Most yellow cards (player): 2 – (13 players) Gustavo Cabrera, Henry Medina, Cristian Noriega, Luis Anaya, Roger Espinoza, Carlos Bocanegra, Andrés Guardado, Jermaine Jones, Victor Bernardez, Alfredo Mejía, Efraín Juárez, Javier Portillo, José Salvatierra, Osman Chávez, Rodolph Austin, Stéphane Auvray, Stéphane Zubar, Terry Dunfield (Names in bold indicate 2 yellows in same game.)
Most red cards (player): 1 – (10 players) Mikael Tacalfred, Jean-Luc Lambourde, Marvin González, Gustavo Cabrera, Henry Medina, Cristian Noriega, Jermaine Taylor, Luis Anaya, Blas Pérez, Roger Espinoza
Most yellow cards (match): 9 – Honduras vs Mexico
Most red cards (match): 2 – Panama vs El Salvador
Fewest yellow cards (match): 0 – Cuba vs Mexico
Most cards in one match: 9 yellow cards and 1 red card – Honduras vs Mexico
Sanctions
By match
Note: In this table the "Yellow" column counts only the first yellow card given to a player in a match. If a player receives a second yellow in the same match this is counted under "Second yellow". This second yellow is not counted as a "Straight Red".
<small>Cards
Referees
By referee
By team
Cards
References
Disciplinary Record, 2011 Concacaf Gold Cup
Coming Up for Air is the debut album by British progressive rock band Breathing Space but the second album to carry the 'Breathing Space' name as Iain Jennings' 2005 solo album was also titled Breathing Space and the band they formed took that name to tour the album. However, this album is the first one produced as a full band.
Track listing
"Coming up for Air" (Jennings/Sparnenn) – 6:04
"When I Hold on to You" (Jennings/Rowen/Sparnenn) – 4:09
"On the Blue Horizon" (Rowen/Sparnenn) – 6:02
"Time Tells all the Unknown" (Jennings/Sparnenn) – 4:47
"Rain Song" (Sparnenn) – 5:40
"The Senses" (Jennings/Sparnenn) – 4:24
"Don't Turn a Blind Eye" (Rowen/Sparnenn) – 6:03
"Head Above the Water" (Jennings) – 6:26
"Searching for my Shadow" (Jennings/Sparnenn) – 5:13
"Turn of the Tide" (Jennings/Rowen) – 3:43
Credits (taken directly from the sleeve notes)
Olivia Sparnenn – lead and backing vocals
Mark Rowen – lead, rhythm, acoustic guitars
Paul Teasdale – bass guitars
Iain Jennings – keyboards
Ben Jennings – keyboards
Barry Cassells – drums
Additional personnel
Liam Davison – slide guitar (Track 7)
John Hart – saxophone (6 and 8); Flute (10)
2007 albums
Breathing Space albums
The Art of... is a series of art books which showcase the evolution of artwork throughout the development of popular and critically acclaimed animated films and series. They have been published by different companies including Chronicle Books, Viz Media, Disney Editions and Hyperion Books.
The books have generally been highly praised and considered essential coffee table merchandise to supplement their respective films.
Titles
Films
Series
Critical reception
The Animation World Network described The Art of DreamWorks Animation as "a breathtakingly lovely catalogue of every animated film that...is like a tour through the Louvre of modern cinematic animation". Indiwire explained that the Home edition, in contrast to the other books in The Art Of... series contains "finished artwork or very late concept work [which] is at least equal to art from prototypical and developmental stages." Rotoscopers noted that art books in the series "are usually also ‘making of' books that teach the reader about how a movie was made." Due to the sheer number of The Art of... titles, Martin Godman of Animation Scoop wrote "When I review an “Art Of” book today, I tend to look at what sets the book apart from similar products; a difference that makes the book worth adding to a library and perusing years after the film itself has departed the theaters."
References
External links
Ringling College Library Guides: "Art of" Books
Books about films
Animation books
Books about visual art
Series of books
Felix Johan Douma (August 6, 1941 – January 23, 2008) was a Dutch-born Canadian scholar, writer, teacher, cellist, and translator who once served as Canada's Third Secretary and Vice-Consul to the Dominican Republic.
Biography
Douma was born in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands, to Sjoeke Tjerk (George) and Johanna (née Wijnja) Douma. After World War II, at the age of 12, Douma immigrated with their parents and two younger brothers, Alex and Ed, to Otterville, Ontario, Canada where they became a Canadian citizen. They attended South Norwich Public School, and later earned their high school diploma with honors as Valedictorian from Norwich District High School in nearby Norwich, Ontario.
After earning their Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Western Ontario and their Master of Arts from the University of Toronto, Douma was hired as an officer with Canada's Department of External Affairs. They were posted to the Dominican Republic as Third Secretary and Vice-Consul from 1966 to 1968.
Douma earned the distinction of Canada Council doctoral fellow from 1968 to 1973.
Douma was frequent lecturer in English at Huron University College and the University of Western Ontario in 1973 and 1974.
In 1975, Douma began their teaching career at Big River Indian reserve (Cree), a primary school near Victoire Saskatchewan. This experience inspired Douma's first book, "MOONYASS", in which they describe what life was like in and around an Indian school during a year on the reserve. During this time, Douma earned a citation for bravery from the Canadian Red Cross Society in Regina, Saskatchewan for an incident in which they came to the aid of some children in peril at a nearby lake.
For most of the 1980s Douma taught English and French at Orchard Park Secondary School, Stoney Creek, Ontario, and Winona High School, Wentworth County, Ontario. During this time, they played third cello with the Mississauga Symphony Orchestra in Mississauga, Ontario.
In the mid-1990s Douma opened a cultural center for Port Rowan, which they affectionately named "The Hobby Palace". They would often host concerts, art exhibitions and other cultural pursuits. In addition, they ran a small publishing company named "Leeboard Press". The press published some of their own works, the final works of Robert Finch, and some postcards and other printed material.
Douma retired from teaching in 1990 after a twelve-year leg instructing English, and English as a Second Language at Valley Heights Secondary School in Norfolk County, Ontario.
In 1992, Douma wrote their second book "The Magic Fish". This book contains six stories for children, inspired by their time almost 20 years earlier at the Little Creek Indian reserve in northern Saskatchewan.
Douma continued to publish papers, articles and essays and was a frequent contributor to the "Port Rowan Good News" during their retirement.
On January 23, 2008, Douma died at their home in Port Rowan Ontario at 66 years of age.
Education
Douma earned their first post secondary degree with a BA in English and Philosophy at the University of Western Ontario in 1960.
They attained a Master of Arts in Philosophy at the University of Toronto in 1964.
Douma returned to their birth country of the Netherlands, where they earned a Doctorandus in Letters, Comparative Literature and Translation Studies at the University of Amsterdam in 1972.
Douma returned to the University of Toronto for further qualifications for instructing English as a Second Language, French and Music. They earned the OSSTF Rating of IV, and a Bachelor of Education degree in 1979
Distinctions
Citation for Bravery, Canadian Red Cross Society Regina Saskatchewan, 1975
Canada Council Doctoral Fellow 1968–73
Massey College Junior Fellow 1965–66
Gold Medal in English and philosophy, University of Western Ontario, 1964
Ontario Scholarship, 1960
Publications
"Grammar in the Later Philosophy of Ludwig Wittgenstein", University of Toronto, 1965 (Thesis)
"The Profile of Death: A Study in Contemporary Dutch Literature", University of Amsterdam, 1970 (Thesis)
"F.Sparshott, The Concept of Criticism", Dutch Quarterly Review, Vol. 1, 1971 (Review)
"On Reviewing a Translation: A Practical Problem in Literary Criticism". Meta Translators' Journal, Presses du l'Université de Montréal, Vol 17 No 2, Juin 1972 (Article)
O.B. Hardison Jr. (ed.), "The Quest for Imagination", Dutch Quarterly Review, Vol. IV, 1972 (Review)
"'Serpentina's Petticoat' by Jan Wolkers", The Malahat Review, University of Victoria, No. 27. July 1973 (Translation)
"G.K. Van Het Reve's English Prose Style", Spektator, University of Amsterdam, Vol.III No. 1, November 1973 (Article)
"An Afternoon with Dad" by Willy Lauwens, Delta, Amsterdam, Fall Issue, 1973 (Translation)
"The Pointing Game", Query, Saskatchewan Reading Council, Vol. 6 No. 1 Summer 1975 (Article)
"Young Bucks" by Nescio, The Malahat Review, University of Victoria, No. 40, October 1976
"The House Without a Chimney" Inside Outside, ed. Jack Booth, Holt Rinehart & Winston, Toronto 1978 pp. 346–351 (Short Story)
"A Lesson in English Pronunciation," Query, Saskatchewan Reading Council, Vol. 8, No. 4, December 1978, pp 9–11 (Article)
"The Mooch" by Nescio, The Malahat Review, University of Victoria, No. 54, March 1980 (translation)
"The Big Boulder", Time Enough... ed. Jack Booth, Holt Rinehart & Winston, Toronto 1979, pp 300–307 (Short Story)
"Secrecy in the Schools", Comment on Education, Vol. 10, No. 2 (December 1979) pp. 15–15 (article)
"Moonyass", Leeboard Press, 1990 (Novel)
"The Magic Fish and Other Stories From the Little Creek Reserve", Leeboard Press, 1992 (Short Stories)
Several dozen book and concert reviews and articles by Felix Douma have appeared in The Simcoe Reformer and The Port Rowan Good News in the period 1988–2008. Douma read many stories such as "The White Woman," "The Terrible Stranger," "The Bear and the Raven," and "The Magic Fish" on CJRT-FM (Toronto's) programming "Stories and Music for Children."
Felix Douma has also prepared a translation of the second edition of G. Hulshoff, "The Six Suites for Violoncello Solo by Johann Sebastian Bach: A Handbook on Bach's Music for Violoncello Solo," originally published by Van Loghum Slaterus, Arnhem, The Netherlands, in 1962. Translation published and available from Leeboard Press, Hockley Valley Ontario.
References
1941 births
2008 deaths
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Dutch emigrants to Canada
Canadian diplomats
Canadian non-fiction writers
People from Heerenveen
20th-century Canadian translators
Nortura is a Norwegian agricultural cooperative that operates slaughterhouses and other processing plants related to meat and eggs. The company was created as a merger between Gilde Norsk Kjøtt and Prior Norge in 2006, and has head offices in Oslo.
Nortura is Norway's biggest food supplier. It processed 222 thousand tonnes of meat at 31 plants in 2017.
The company is owned by about 18,900 farmers throughout the country and is one of 13 agricultural cooperatives in Norway. Annual revenue is NOK 23,5 billion. The main brands include Gilde (red meat), Prior (white meat and eggs), Terina (frozen and canned foods), Alfathi (halal slaughtered meat), Eldhus (smoked meat) and Thulefjord (products from Northern Norway).
References
Food and drink companies of Norway
Agricultural cooperatives in Norway
Companies established in 2006
2006 establishments in Norway
Road pricing in the United Kingdom used to be limited to conventional tolls in some bridges, tunnels and also for some major roads during the period of the Turnpike trusts. The term road pricing itself only came into common use however with publication of the Smeed Report in 1964 which considered how to implement congestion charging in urban areas as a transport demand management method to reduce traffic congestion.
Road pricing schemes in place in the UK as of 2012 include road congestion pricing in London and Durham; the London low emission zone which is a pollution charge scheme only affecting trucks with less efficient engines entering London; and the M6 toll, the only existing toll road on a strategic road in the UK. The Dartford crossings toll was retained as a demand management tool in 2003.
The various local and any national road pricing schemes were promoted by the 1997–2010 Labour government which were then abandoned following strong public opposition. A heavy goods vehicle (HGV) road user charging scheme had been proposed by the 2010–2015 coalition government together with a suggested new ownership and financing model to fund new road construction.
History
In the 1960s the Smeed Report considered how to implement congestion charging.
In September 2002, the Durham congestion charge, England's first congestion charging scheme was introduced. It was restricted to a single road in that city, with a £2 charge. In 2003 the London congestion charge was introduced.
In November 2003, Secretary of State for Transport Alistair Darling said that despite apparent initial interest from many city councils, including those of Leeds, Cardiff, Manchester, Birmingham and Bristol, no city apart from Edinburgh had yet approached the Government for assistance in introducing a charge.
The Western Extension of the London congestion charge was introduced in 2007 (and withdrawn on 1 January 2011).
In July 2008, the Drivers' Alliance was established, an organisation which has subsequently campaigned against the introduction of a number of schemes.
Design considerations
Finance models
There are no multiple zones in operation in the UK; when it was decided to extend congestion charging from central London to include the West End of London, there was some discussion about having two zones running side-by-side. However, the Western zone was introduced by simply extending the area of the earlier London zone and use the same charges and conditions for simplicity.
Edinburgh seriously considered a two-cordon road pricing scheme but rejected it in 2005 after a public referendum.
Tolls and Shadow tolls.
Metering and billing
The Durham scheme uses an automated toll booth,
while London uses a remote system based on CCTV and automatic number plate recognition.
The costs of tracking and billing are very large; for the remote monitoring of the London scheme the majority of the income raised is absorbed by the costs. There are suggestions that a wireless "tag and beacon" scheme could be introduced as a potentially better and cheaper alternative.
Privacy
Although the more recent Data Protection Act now gives a framework for the responsible collection of personal data in the UK, the privacy concerns identified in the Smeed report were not addressed by the London scheme, with fears expressed over mass surveillance
and abuse of the systems.
Current schemes
Road pricing
Durham congestion charge (2002)
London congestion charge, (2003)
London low emission zone introduced between 2008 and 2012 for commercial vehicles with older or less clean engines
London ultra low emission zone, introduced in 2019 for all vehicles with older or less clean engines
Dartford Crossing, which was converted from a traditional toll to a congestion charge in 2003.
Birmingham Clean Air Zone, activated from 1 June 2021, with charges for high emission vehicles.
There are also the following traditional toll roads in Great Britain in operation: M6 Toll, Clifton Suspension Bridge, Humber Bridge, Mersey Tunnels, Tyne Tunnel and a few others on more minor roads.
Proposed schemes
HGV road user charging (2012)
In 2012 the government announced that it was consulting on introducing heavy goods vehicle (HGV) road user charging scheme, known as the 'HGV Road User Levy' in order to ensure that foreign hauliers make a contribution towards the upkeep of British roads.
The HGV Road User Levy Bill, legislation to introduce a time based charging scheme was brought into Parliament in October 2012, and subsequently passed, receiving Royal Assent in February 2013. The levy scheme will charge all HGVs weighing 12,000 kg or more is due to be introduced from April 2014. Under the scheme, the largest heaviest vehicles will pay up to £10 per day, or £1,000 per year to use roads in the UK. Parliamentary proceedings relating to the HGV Road User Levy Act 2013
New ownership and financing models (2012)
In a speech in April 2012 the Prime Minister, David Cameron spoke of the urgent need to fund more road construction, proposing road tolling for new roads as one answer. They also mentioned the possibility of shadow tolls and new ownership and financing models. Shadow tolls are fees paid to a road maintenance company per driver using a road, but the fees are paid by the government rather than drivers.
Nationwide road pricing (2012)
A 2012 study by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) funded by the RAC Foundation found that the government's drive to promote green vehicles with a lower carbon footprint could result in a significant loss of revenue from motoring taxes, estimated at £13 billion by 2029 at current prices, according to forecasts by the Office for Budget Responsibility. This revenue decline is partly due to improved vehicle efficiency and the growth of plug-in electric vehicles. Among the options available to the government to offset the loss, a further increase of the duty on gasoline and diesel or the introduction of new taxes on alternative energy sources such as electricity for vehicles were considered. However, due to lack of popularity of the former and the risks of hindering the entire green vehicle strategy, the IFS study recommended introducing a nationwide system of road pricing to charge drivers by each mile driven, with higher pricing in congested areas at peak times, while reducing the existing motoring taxes. Under this strategy drivers in the countryside would be likely to pay less, as rural motorists are currently overtaxed according to the study.
Road charging by the Welsh Government (2021)
In January 2021, the Welsh Government consulted on introducing possible charges on trunk roads and motorways across Wales as part of their White Paper on a Clean Air (Wales) Bill. The charges would likely apply across Wales and apply numerous emissions-based charges across numerous vehicle categories. The bill directly gives both local authorities and the Welsh Government powers to introduce charging schemes on different roads across Wales. This has, however, met strong opposition from the Welsh Conservative Party, of whom disagree with all possible toll charges being applied on Welsh roads and has been a strong point in their 2021 Senedd election campaign, especially in North Wales.
Earlier proposals
HGV Road user charging (2000–2005)
The Labour administration first proposed HGV road user charging in 2000 with encouragement for the Conservative opposition. A Treasury progress report was published in 2002 followed by a second report in 2003. In 2005 the government announced that it was halting the development of the scheme and would be progressing with the development of a National road pricing scheme covering all vehicles, a scheme which was itself abandoned in 2009.
Primary legislation, titled 'The Heavy Goods Vehicles (Charging for the Use of Certain Infrastructure on the Trans-European Road Network was however enacted in 2009' in response to an EU Directive.
Local schemes 2005–2008
Edinburgh 2005
Edinburgh City Council proposed a congestion zone, but this was rejected in a postal referendum by around 75% of voters in Edinburgh. Unlike in London, where Ken Livingstone had sufficient devolved powers to introduce the charge on their own authority, other cities would require the confirmation of the Secretary of State for Transport. Manchester proposed a peak time congestion charge scheme which would have been implemented in 2011/2012. This was rejected in a referendum held on 12 December 2008 by over 70% of voters. Plans for similar charges in both the West Midlands and East Midlands have also been rejected. The government has proposed a nationwide scheme of road tolls, but public opposition has been fierce and included a petition of nearly 2 million signatories on the 10 Downing Street website. In an article in the Sunday Times in December 2007, the author describes how they believe that the failure of the London scheme, in terms of value for money, could undermine the Government's desire to convince other parts of the UK to introduce similar schemes.
The scheme was rejected in a public referendum in February 2005.
Manchester 2007
A scheme similar to the one in London was proposed in Manchester, covering a wider area but with a much smaller daily charging window covering the morning and evening rush hours. However, this was overwhelmingly rejected when voted upon in Greater Manchester.
Cambridge 2007
A scheme for Cambridge is currently under consideration and the subject of heated public debate, with council surveys showing that a majority of Cambridge-area residents reject the scheme.
West Midlands 2008
In March 2008, councils from across the West Midlands, including those from Birmingham and Coventry, rejected the idea of imposing road pricing schemes on the area, this was despite promises from central government of transport project funding in exchange for the implementation of a road pricing pilot scheme.
East Midlands 2008
Similar schemes proposed for cities in the East Midlands have also been dropped.
National road pricing proposal (2005–2007)
Extensive studies were done in 2005 related to a proposed national scheme for the UK, with an aim to implementation at the earliest around 2013. In October 2005 the UK government suggested they explore "piggy-backing" road pricing on private sector technologies, such as usage based insurance (also known as pay-as-you-drive, or PAYD). This method would avoid a large-scale public sector procurement exercise, but such products are unlikely to penetrate the mass market.
If introduced, this scheme would likely see a charge being levied per mile depending on the time of day, the road being driven along, and perhaps the type of vehicle. For example, a large car driving along the western section of the M25 in rush hour would pay a high charge; a small car driving along a rural lane would pay a much lower charge. The very highest charges would be likely in the most congested urban areas.
It is expected that rural motorists would benefit the most from such a scheme, perhaps by paying less through road pricing than they do at present through petrol and car taxes, whereas urban motorists would pay much more than they presently do. However, this is highly dependent on whether such a scheme would be designed to be either revenue neutral or congestion neutral. A revenue neutral scheme would replace (at least in part) petrol and vehicle taxes, and would be such that Treasury revenue under the new scheme would equal the revenue from current taxes. A congestion neutral scheme would be designed so that growth in congestion levels would stop as a result of the new charges; the latter scheme would require significantly higher (and increasingly higher) charges than the revenue neutral scheme and so would be unpopular with the UK's 30 million motorists.
The carbon emission consequence of moving from fuel duty to a charge per mile has been raised as a concern by some environmentalists, as has any diversionary response from heavily trafficked (and hence more expensive) roads. The UK government announced funding for road pricing research in seven local areas in November 2005.
In June 2005, Transport Secretary Alistair Darling announced the current proposals to introduce road pricing. Every vehicle would be fitted with a satellite receiver to calculate charges, with prices (including fuel duty) ranging from 2p per mile on un-congested roads to £1.34 on the most congested roads at peak times.
A 2007 online petition against road pricing attracted over 1.8 million signatures, equivalent to 6% of the entire driving population. Over 150,000 signatures were added during the last day before the petition closed on 20 February 2007. In reply, the prime minister e-mailed the petitioners outlining their rationale, denying that the proposals were to introduce a stealth tax or increase surveillance, and promising 'debate' before a decision was made as to whether to introduce a national scheme. Also, in a recent poll 74% of those questioned opposed road pricing.
See also
Toll roads in Great Britain
Roads in the United Kingdom
Motoring taxation in the United Kingdom
Turnpike trust (an article about the Turnpike trusts in Great Britain of the 17th-19th centuries
Road pricing
Congestion pricing
References
External links
Fuel for Thought - The what, why and how of motoring taxation Institute for Fiscal Studies (2012)
Motoring taxation in the United Kingdom
Transport policy in the United Kingdom
David Clarkson (born 10 September 1985) is a Scottish football player and coach, who is currently the head of intermediate at the Motherwell academy and is also their elite academy coach. During their playing career, Clarkson played for Motherwell, Bristol City, Brentford, Bristol Rovers, Dundee and St Mirren. They appeared in two full internationals for Scotland, both in 2008.
Club career
Motherwell
Born in Bellshill, Scotland, Clarkson made their debut for local club Motherwell in December 2002, scoring their first goal nine minutes into their first starting appearance for the club, at home in an SPL match against Partick Thistle on 2 January 2003. Clarkson went on to score three goals in their first season, and was a regular from the following season, playing in the majority of matches. They scored 13 goals for Motherwell in the 2007–08 season, during which their uncle, Phil O'Donnell, collapsed and later died from heart failure during a match against Dundee United. Clarkson was later voted player of the year. Clarkson went on to wear O'Donnell's old squad number, 10, during the 2008–09 season.
Bristol City
On 29 June 2009, Clarkson joined Bristol City and signed a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, reportedly £800,000. Clarkson scored on their debut for Bristol City, in a 2–2 draw at Preston North End. On 6 February 2010, they scored an equaliser for Bristol City against Coventry City, the match finished 1–1. They scored their third goal for City at home to Leicester City.
On 21 August 2010, Clarkson scored their first goal in the 2010–11 season in a 3–3 draw with Barnsley. They netted their second of the season in a 2–0 win over Scunthorpe United at Glanford Park, the goal in the 90th minute.
On 1 May 2012, Clarkson was released by Bristol City.
Brentford (loan)
Clarkson completed a one-month loan move to Brentford on 15 September 2011 and made their debut in the away win at Oldham Athletic on 24 September. They scored their first goal for the club away to Carlisle United on 8 October 2011, in a 2–2 draw. Clarkson gave Brentford the lead within the first 10 minutes, but on 63 minutes, they scored an own goal when they stuck a leg out from a cross and unfortunately put the ball into their own net to give Carlisle a 2–1 lead. They made amends by assisting for Toumani Diagouraga to level the match two minutes from the end.
Bristol Rovers
Clarkson joined Bristol Rovers on 27 July 2012 having spent pre-season on trial with the club. The move reunited them with their old manager at Motherwell, Mark McGhee. They made their debut on 14 August 2012, in a 3–1 defeat against Ipswich Town in the League Cup, playing the full 90 minutes. They scored their first goal for the club in a 2–2 home draw on 8 September against Aldershot. Clarkson added more goals to their tally during the season, in a 2–1 win away at Exeter City, a 1–1 draw against Burton Albion at the Pirelli Stadium, a 2–1 home defeat against Sheffield United in the FA Cup, a 3–2 loss at home to Southend United, a 2–1 loss away at Rochdale, and another 2–2 draw at Aldershot Town on 26 December 2012.
It was announced on 28 February 2013 that Clarkson would miss the rest of the season due to an ankle injury. Clarkson was one of 12 players released by Bristol Rovers in May 2014, after the club had been relegated to the Conference National. They scored 13 goals in 69 games for Bristol Rovers.
After leaving Bristol Rovers, Clarkson had a trial spell with Motherwell in July 2014, but was not offered a contract. They also played in pre-season as a trialist for Kilmarnock and St Johnstone.
Dundee
On 8 September 2014, Clarkson signed for Dundee. They scored on their debut for the club, a 2–1 defeat against Ross County on 27 September 2014. Clarkson went on to score eight goals in their first eight games for the club, scoring in every match and their form was rewarded when they won the SPFL Player of the Month award for November. Clarkson left Dundee at the end of the season having not been offered a new contract.
Motherwell
On 25 June 2015, Clarkson signed for Motherwell for a second time, signing a one-year contract with the option of a second year. They made their second debut for the club on 1 August 2015, in a 1–0 win against Inverness Caledonian Thistle. After making only seven appearances as a substitute during the 2015–16 season, Clarkson signed on loan with Scottish Championship side St Mirren in January 2016, with the deal lasting until the end of the season.
St Mirren
After being released by Motherwell, Clarkson returned to Paisley signing a one-year deal with St Mirren in May 2016.
International career
Clarkson was called up by George Burley for Scotland's friendly match against the Czech Republic on 30 May 2008. They came on as a substitute in the match, and scored Scotland's only goal in the 85th minute when they took down a cross, spun and fired past Czech keeper Petr Čech. Clarkson got their second cap coming on as a substitute, in a 1–0 friendly loss to Argentina on 19 November 2008.
Clarkson played for and captained the Scotland B team, in a 3–0 friendly win over the Northern Ireland B team on 6 May 2009.
International goals
Scores and results list Scotland's goal tally first
Personal life
Clarkson's uncle Phil O'Donnell played alongside them at Motherwell, before their death in 2007. They have several other family members who have been professional footballers. Their cousin Stephen O'Donnell last played for Clyde and another cousin Brian Dempsie previously played for Motherwell.
Honours
Motherwell
Scottish League Cup Runner-up: 2004–05
Individual
Scottish Premier League Young Player of the Month: January 2004
SPFL Player of the Month: November 2014
Career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Footballers from Bellshill
Living people
Association football forwards
Scottish footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
Scotland international footballers
Motherwell F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
English Football League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Motherwell F.C. non-playing staff
Mayapa is an urban barangay, located to the east of the Sirang Lupa and southeast of the Canlubang in Calamba City, Laguna, Philippines. It is next to the Mayapa-Canlubang exit (Exit 47) of the South Luzon Expressway. As of the 2020 census, Mayapa had a population of 28,302.
Camp Vicente Lim
Camp Vicente Lim is Located along National Highway Mayapa Road, and also the Headquarters of PRO CALABARZON Headquarters (Region IV-A), it's also known as Calamba Airstrip or Calamba Airfield since 1922. There are primary and secondary school building inside the camp. Camp Vicente Lim Elementary School also known as Post Elementary School, and Camp Vicente Lim National High School. There's also residential area known as Campo by the locals or Bargy., Camp Vicente Lim. The means of transportation inside the Camp premises or inside Brgy., Camp Vicente Lim is by pedicab. The Regional Headquarters also the main Headquarters of Bureau of Fire also inside the Camp Vicente Lim. The National Forensic Training Institute, Bureau of Jail Management Penology, Police National Training Institute also found inside Camp Vicente Lim. There is one multi-purpose gymnasium inside the camp. Wearing sando, shorts and slippers while entering the camp is prohibited. Brgy., Camp Vicente Lim is divided into six zones, purok 1, purok 2, purok 3, purok 4, purok 5 and purok 6. Some of the landmark near Camp Vicente Lim is the Iglesia Ni Cristo house of Worship, Imall grocery and Department store. Brgy., Campo has its own covered basketball court located at purok 4 and the Veterans Hall found in purok 1.
Geography
Neighboring Barangays:
West-Canlubang, Sirang Lupa, Majada Out
East- Paciano
South- Palo Alto, Barandal, Batino
North- Canlubang
Elected Government Officials
Elected Mayapa Officers for the term of 2013 - 2016
Punong Barangay : Taniola, Flaviano Dela Cruz
Barangay Kagawad <:> Fabros, Alex Franco
Barangay Kagawad <:> Perez, Lorenzo Jr. Elviña
Barangay Kagawad <:> Bautista, Juan Carlo Rigonan
Barangay Kagawad <:> Magampon, Jaime Villa
Barangay Kagawad <:> Jordan, Jerusalem Aquino
Barangay Kagawad <:> Hernandez, Rico Laurel
Barangay Kagawad <:> Balog, Hiedi Cortez
Elected Mayapa Officers for the term of 2010 - 2013
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Barangay Captain, Zenaida T. Magnaye
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 1, Bernardo P. Cadapan
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 2, Raymond M. Perez
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 3, Jaime V. Magampon
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 4, Alex F. Fabros
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 5, Santos L. Atienza
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 6, Eddie DC. Aala
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, Kagawad 7, Hiedi T. Cortez
Laguna, City Of Calamba, Mayapa, SK Chairman, Paolo M. Miranda
References
External links
Official Website of the Provincial Government of Laguna
Barangays of Calamba, Laguna
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve
Florey is a lunar impact crater on the lunar near side near the northern pole. Florey is directly adjacent to Byrd crater (diameter of 94 km) to the Southeast and Peary crater (diameter of 73 km) to the North. The crater is named after Australian scientist Howard Florey. The crater was named by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
LQ01 quadrangle
Impact craters on the Moon
Jacques Baratier (8 March 1918 – 27 November 2009) was a French film director and screenwriter. They directed 21 films. Their film Goha won the Jury Prize at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. Their 1962 film La poupée was entered for the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
Goha was also shown as part of the Cannes Classics section of the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
Filmography
Les Filles du soleil (1948)
Désordre (1949)
La Cité du midi (1951)
La vie du vide (1952)
Le Métier de danseur (1953)
Histoire du palais idéal (1954)
Paris la nuit (1955)
Goha (1958)
La Poupée (1962)
Dragées au poivre (1963)
Eves futures (1964)
L'Or du duc (1965)
Voilà l'ordre (1966)
Le Désordre à vingt ans (1967)
Piège (1968)
Les Indiens (1969)
La Ville-bidon (1973)
Vous intéressez-vous à la chose? (1974)
Opération séduction (1975)
L'Araignée de satin (1984)
Rien, voilà l'ordre (2003)
References
External links
1918 births
2009 deaths
French film directors
French male screenwriters
20th-century French screenwriters
Mass media people from Montpellier
20th-century French male writers
The large moth subfamily Lymantriinae contains the following genera beginning with R:
References
Lymantriinae
Lymantriid genera R
National Route 91 () is highway in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam, stretching from Cần Thơ, the largest city in the delta, northwest toward the border town of Châu Đốc, near Cambodia. The highway continues into Cambodia as National Route 2 and eventually leads to the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh.
The highway starts at Cần Thơ city, the capital of Cần Thơ Province, diverging from National Route 1, and heads northwest, parallel to the Hau River, the main branch of the Mekong River in the delta region. The highway passes through the towns of Ô Môn, Thốt Nốt District before reaching the regional centre of Long Xuyên, the capital of neighbouring An Giang Province, the westernmost province of Vietnam bordering Cambodia. Approximately 40 km further northwest along the highway is Châu Đốc, the site of an airport, before the road turns southwest and straddles the Cambodian border for approximately 20 km before turning northwest again and crossing the Cambodian border.
The 18 km segment from Ô Môn District to Cai Cui Port is designated as National Route 91B and the section from Chau Doc to the Cambodian border in Long Binh (former Provincial Road 956) is designated as National Route 91C.
91
All Night Session! Vol. 2 is the second album by pianist Hampton Hawes from a session recorded the night of November 12/13, 1956 at Contemporary's Studios in Los Angeles and released on the Contemporary label.
Reception
The Allmusic review states "In 1958 Hawes was quoted as saying "It's hard to put into words how good it feels to play jazz when it's really swinging...I've reached a point where the music fills you up so much emotionally that you feel like shouting hallelujah -- like people do in church when they're converted to God. That's the way I was feeling the night we recorded All Night Session!" ".
Track listing
"I'll Remember April" (Gene de Paul, Patricia Johnston, Don Raye) – 7:02
"I Should Care" (Sammy Cahn, Axel Stordahl, Paul Weston) – 4:23
"Woody 'n You" (Dizzy Gillespie) – 5:41
"Two Bass Hit" (Gillespie) – 2:50
"Will You Still Be Mine?" (Tom Adair, Matt Dennis) – 6:55
"April in Paris" (Vernon Duke, Yip Harburg) – 7:30
"Blue 'n' Boogie" (Gillespie, Frank Paparelli) – 8:11
Personnel
Hampton Hawes – piano
Jim Hall – guitar
Red Mitchell – bass
Eldridge Freeman – drums
References
Contemporary Records albums
Hampton Hawes albums
1958 albums
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 7 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Delaware County
Kazan Khan is an Indian actor who has predominantly appeared in Malayalam and Tamil films.  They are best known for their villain roles.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Year of birth missing (living people)
Guardium, developed by G-NIUS, is an Israeli unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) used to combat and guard against invaders along Gaza's border. It was jointly developed by Israel Aerospace Industries and Elbit Industries. It can be used in either tele-operated or autonomous mode. Both modes do not require human interaction. The more unmanned ground vehicles patrolling the area the less human resources needed while guaranteeing deterrence. The joint program was terminated in April 2016, but the vehicle has remained in service with the Israel Defense Forces.
Features
Guardium is equipped with sufficient armor to protect itself in light fire attacks and against multiple enemies. The vehicle is 2.95 meters long, 1.8 meters wide and 2.2 meters high. It is considered to be a medium-sized combat vehicle, about the size of a Jeep J8; it weighs 1.4 tons and can go up to 80 km/h for up to several days depending on the amount of usage. The vehicle is equipped with: infrared cameras, radars, high-sensitivity microphones, visible sensors, and hostile fire indicators. The equipment was built for unpredicted attacks, but its main purpose is surveillance. The vehicles contain both lethal and non-lethal weapons for protection. It is simple to operate, with stationary, mobile, and portable operational versions. It can be remotely controlled by the mobile command station, where the computers have built in maps. It can also be pre-programmed to drive itself along assigned routes. Powerful sensors can detect unpredicted obstacles and an infrared camera can spot invaders in the dark. When it goes off road, this equipment enables operation in any terrain and weather.
Autonomous Mode
Autonomous robots work with their surroundings and make decisions based on it. The vehicle or robot can work for extended periods of time without human interaction. In this mode it can be set to a certain location or can be put on a ground path and it will cover its designated area until needed or for up to 103 consecutive hours. This mode can sense abnormal circumstances and avoid them.
Tele-Operated Mode
The tele-operated mode lets the operating team know the Guardium's whereabouts at all times. The vehicle is controlled by the people monitoring its environment. It sends data to the command station letting them know its location, destination, and the view of its surroundings through its rotating camera. It is possible because of the wireless connection built inside the vehicle that transmits the data directly to the server in the command station.
Technology
Cameras
The main camera is up on top which can rotate a full 360 degrees for full access to the terrain. The cameras can capture thermal images and they have the ability to take videos in certain situations. In cases when the guardium comes across an invader it will record the confrontation for government records and for future access. The cameras have built in auto-target so that it comes to focus when an enemy or object comes in range. They also have back up batteries to in cases where they need to run for 24 hours non-stop.
Gallery
See also
Robattle
References
IAI products
Unmanned ground combat vehicles
The inscriptions of Shapur II and Shapur III at Taq-e Bostan, are located about 5 kilometers away from the northeast of Kermanshah and date to the Sasanian era. The inscription shows Shapur II on the right and Shapur III on the left. Two inscriptions in Middle Persian are etched on both sides. The inscriptions contain their names and their lineages. The inscription of Shapur II contains 9 lines and the inscription of Shapur III contains 13 lines.
Sources
Sasanian inscriptions
Shapur II
Rock reliefs in Iran
The Kashmir nuthatch (Sitta cashmirensis) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is found in the northernmost regions of the Indian subcontinent, primarily in the mid-altitudes of the Himalayas. The species ranges across Afghanistan, India, Nepal and Pakistan. The global population size has not been quantified, but the species is described as common in eastern Afghanistan and north-western India, and fairly common in Nepal (Harrap and Quinn 1996).
Habitat
It makes its home in the subtropical and tropical humid montane forests. It prefers a high altitude, from 1,800 to 3,350 meters.
Description
This bird measures 14 cm (5.5 in) long and has mostly grey upper parts, reddish underparts and a pale throat and chin.
References
Kashmir nuthatch
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Pakistan
Kashmir nuthatch
Kashmir nuthatch
Kashmir nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Wildwater Canoeing World Cup is an annual series of races in wildwater canoeing held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation. It has been held since 1989 in four canoe and kayak disciplines for men and women. The four original disciplines were men's single canoe (C1), men's double canoe (C2), men's kayak (K1) and women's kayak.
Competition format
Each edition has six races to assign the cup in three events, each race has two races.
World Cup Champions
K1 and C1 men and women; C2 men
C2 women
See also
Canoe World Cup
Canoe Slalom World Cup
Wildwater Canoeing World Championships
Notes
References
External links
World Cup
Moultrie County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, its population was 14,526. Its county seat is Sullivan. The name is pronounced as in "mole tree", unlike the pronunciation of its namesake, the South Carolinian Revolutionary War hero William Moultrie.
History
Moultrie County was formed in 1843 with areas taken from Shelby and Macon counties. It is named for South Carolina General, and later Governor, William Moultrie. General Moultrie defended Sullivan's Island, South Carolina from British attack in 1776. The site was later renamed Fort Moultrie. Nearby Jasper County was named for Sgt. William Jasper, another hero of the defense of Sullivan's Island.
The official flag of the county is the Moultrie Flag, which was flown over the new fortress on Sullivan's Island, when Moultrie defended it, and was designed by Moultrie. It went on to become iconic of liberty in the South.
When Abraham Kellar of Lovington, John Cook of Marrowbone, and John Fleming of Nelson proposed the formation of a new county from Macon, Shelby, and Coles counties, Macon gave up a strip of “worthless swamp” that is now among the most fertile land in the world, but Shelby and Coles voters refused to give up any land. Finally, Shelby County gave up some of its land to make a zig-zag border with Moultrie County.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.5%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Sullivan have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1915 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
U.S. Route 36
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 32
Illinois Route 121
Illinois Route 133
Adjacent counties
Piatt County - north
Douglas County - east
Coles County - southeast
Shelby County - south
Macon County - northwest
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,846 people, 5,758 households, and 4,053 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,260 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.5% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.8% were German, 12.0% were Irish, 11.4% were American, and 10.9% were English.
Of the 5,758 households, 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.6% were non-families, and 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.01. The median age was 40.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,364 and the median income for a family was $54,494. Males had a median income of $42,581 versus $26,799 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,954. About 6.2% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Sullivan (seat)
Villages
Allenville
Arthur (partial)
Bethany
Dalton City
Gays
Lovington
Unincorporated Communities
Bruce
Dunn
Fuller
Kirksville
Lake City
Townships
Dora
East Nelson
Jonathan Creek
Lovington
Lowe
Marrowbone
Sullivan
Whitley
Education
Moultrie County is served by three school districts.
Sullivan Community Unit School District 300
Okaw Valley Community Unit School District 302
Arthur-Lovington/Atwood-Hammond Community Unit School District 305
Politics
Moultrie County voters have voted for the Republican Party candidate in eight of the last ten national election campaigns.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Moultrie County
References
Illinois counties
1843 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1843
Albert E. Johnson (17 July 1918 – 5 August 1998) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Warrington (Heritage № 434), as a , i.e. number 2 or 5. They also appeared for St Helens and Wigan as a World War II guest player.
Playing career
International honours
Johnson won caps for England while at Warrington in 1944 against Wales, in 1945 against Wales (2 matches), in 1946 against France (2 matches), and Wales (2 matches), in 1947 against France (2 matches), and Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1946 against Australia (2 matches), and New Zealand, and in 1947 against New Zealand (3 matches).
Challenge Final appearances
Albert Johnson played , i.e. number 5, in Warrington's 19-0 victory over Widnes in the 1950–51 Challenge Cup Final during the 1949–50 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 6 May 1950, in front of a crowd of 94,249.
County Cup Final appearances
Albert Johnson played , i.e. number 5, and scored a try in Warrington's 8-14 defeat by Wigan in the 1948 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1948–49 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 13 November 1948, and played in the 5-28 defeat by Wigan in the 1950 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1950–51 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 4 November 1950. They played 198 games for the club, and is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
References
External links
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
1918 births
1998 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Rugby league wingers
St Helens R.F.C. players
Warrington Wolves players
Wigan Warriors wartime guest players
Kossuth County () is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,828. The county seat is Algona.
History
Kossuth County was founded on January 15, 1851. It was named after Lajos Kossuth, Regent-President of Hungary who went into exile to America following the war of independence of Hungary from the Habsburg Dynasty. The county was enlarged northward in 1857 by the inclusion of the former Bancroft County. Crocker County was another county created out of the same area of Kossuth County as Bancroft County but was reverted due to not being larger than 432 square miles.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is Iowa's largest county by area.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 169
Iowa Highway 9
Iowa Highway 15
Iowa Highway 17
Adjacent counties
Martin County, Minnesota (north)
Faribault County, Minnesota (north)
Winnebago County (northeast)
Hancock County (southeast)
Humboldt County (south)
Palo Alto County (southwest)
Emmet County (northwest)
National protected area
Union Slough National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,828 in the county, with a population density of . 96.53% of the population reported being of one race. There were 7,216 housing units, of which 6,438 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 15,543 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,486 housing units, of which 6,697 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 17,163 people, 6,974 households, and 4,791 families in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 7,605 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.76% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.29% from other races, and 0.34% from two or more races. 0.81%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 6,974 households, 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.40% were married couples living together, 5.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.30% were non-families. 28.70% of households were one person and 15.50% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.98.
The age distribution was 25.80% under the age of 18, 6.10% from 18 to 24, 24.30% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 20.10% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.00 males.
The median household income was $34,562 and the median family income was $41,159. Males had a median income of $30,191 versus $20,184 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,598. About 7.50% of families and 10.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.40% of those under age 18 and 8.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Algona (County seat)
Bancroft
Burt
Fenton
Lakota
Ledyard
Lone Rock
Lu Verne
Swea City
Titonka
Wesley
West Bend
Whittemore
Census-designated places
Irvington
Sexton
St. Benedict
St. Joseph
Townships
Buffalo
Burt
Cresco
Eagle
Fenton
Garfield
German
Grant
Greenwood
Harrison
Hebron
Irvington
Ledyard
Lincoln
Lotts Creek
Lu Verne
Plum Creek
Portland
Prairie
Ramsey
Riverdale
Seneca
Sherman
Springfield
Swea
Union
Wesley
Whittemore
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Kossuth County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kossuth County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties
Populated places established in 1851
Brooklyn was a largely African American section of Charlotte, North Carolina. It was home to many businesses, residences, and churches. The neighborhood was demolished for an urban renewal project in the 1960s and is now part of what is known as the Second Ward.
Originally known as Logtown, the area grew after the American Civil War as freed slaves settled in urban areas. It developed commerce, was home to fine residences of Charlotte's prosperous and prominent African Americans as well as shanties. It was home to Charlotte's first school for African Americans, the Myers Street School, which closed in 1907. A new high school was built in 1923 called Charlotte Colored High School. It was Charlotte's only high school open to African American students and became known as Second Ward High School after a few years. It closed in 1969 in the wake of integration as African American schools were closed across the South and the students were bussed to white schools. The Brooklyn area also had a YMCA, a library, the A.M.E. Zion Publishing House, numerous churches, and the Queen City Drug Store. The area was razed in the 1960s and replaced by a government and commercial building project that forced out its residents.
The Swank Social Club was established on the site of the former Second Ward High School.
Legacy
The Old Grace A.M.E. Zion Church and the Second Ward Gym are a couple of the few remaining buildings that still remains as reminders of the former neighborhood. In 2009, the Harvey B. Gantt Center for African-American Arts + Culture opened in Second Ward, named after Harvey Gantt, architect and first black Mayor of Charlotte. In 2019, the Levine Museum of the New South held an exhibit about the community. That same year, it was announced of a new mixed-use development, called Brooklyn Village, be built in Second Ward; the name pays homage to the former neighborhood. In 2022, Stonewall Street was renamed "Brooklyn Village Avenue" in relation to the new development; Stonewall station was also renamed Brooklyn Village station in conjunction to the road name change.
See also
Biddleville
References
African-American culture
Former neighborhoods in Charlotte, North Carolina
Urban renewal
USS Macdonough (DLG-8/DDG-39) was a guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy. They were named for Commodore Thomas Macdonough, the 4th ship of the United States Navy to be named for him.
Construction and career
The fourth Macdonough was projected as DL-8, but redesignated DLG-8 prior to keel laying by the Fore River Shipyard owned by Bethlehem Steel Co. in Quincy, Massachusetts, on 16 April 1958. The ship was launched on 9 July 1959, sponsored by Mrs. Agnes Macdonough Wilson, great-granddaughter of Commodore Thomas Macdonough; and commissioned on 4 November 1961. They were initially rated as a guided missile frigate.
Having undergone an extended shakedown and training period, they reported to their home port at Charleston, South Carolina, 23 September 1962 and assumed duties as flagship for Commander, Cruiser-Destroyer Flotilla 6, U.S. Atlantic Fleet. A month later they joined other units of the U.S. 2nd Fleet in enforcing the Cuban quarantine during the Cuban Missile Crisis, become part of Task Group 136.1 under Rear Admiral John Ailes, Commander, CruDesFlot 6. They remained with that force until it was dissolved on Thanksgiving Day, 22 November. The first 3 months of 1963 were spent firing missiles off the coast of Florida under the auspices of the Operational Test and Evaluation Force. They returned to Charleston in March and operated in the Charleston-Norfolk area until departing on their first U.S. 6th Fleet deployment 4 June.
The guided missile destroyer cruised the Mediterranean Sea until the following fall, taking part in scheduled fleet exercises and training operations. Upon their return to the East Coast of the United States, 26 October, they resumed operations in the Charleston area. With the new year, 1964, Macdonough steamed south to Puerto Rico for training exercises with the 2nd Fleet. During these exercises; they participated in an Atlantic Fleet live-firing anti-air warfare exercise, which included missile firing at drone aircraft. The ship returned to Charleston for 2 weeks in February, and then put out to sea again for carrier exercises off the East Coast followed by helicopter evaluation tests in the Atlantic.
Macdonoughs second Mediterranean deployment, 10 July to 22 December 1964, was followed by a 6-month overhaul at the Charleston Naval Shipyard. Coastal operations out of home port occupied the frigate until mid-September 1965, when they proceeded to the Atlantic Fleet Missile Range and then to Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, for training exercises. Having returned to their Charleston home port in early November, Macdonough prepared for another Mediterranean deployment, departing Charleston at the end of the month. Macdonough served as flagship for the recovery effort of the Palomares Incident during the third Mediterranean deployment.
On 8 April 1966, Macdonough returned to South Carolina and once again resumed operations and fleet and squadron exercises along the southern east coast and in the Caribbean Sea. During the summer a midshipman training cruise took the frigate to several east coast ports and to the Caribbean. After participating in "LANTFLEX 66," and AAW/ASW/amphibious exercise, they returned to Charleston on 16 December.
After conducting further exercises off the east coast, Macdonough prepared once again for overseas movement; and, on 2 May 1967, they departed Charleston for their fourth Mediterranean cruise. They conducted summer midshipmen training, visited various Mediterranean ports and participate in several joint exercises with ships of allied navies, returning to South Carolina 28 October.
Macdonough continued operating with the 2nd Fleet until May 1968 when they again deployed to the Mediterranean, returning to their home port in September. They remained off the east coast into 1969.
Notes
References
External links
navsource.org: USS Macdonough
hazegray.org: USS Macdonough
Farragut-class destroyers (1958)
Cold War destroyers of the United States
Gulf War ships of the United States
1959 ships
Opera News is an American classical music magazine. It has been published since 1936 by the Metropolitan Opera Guild, a non-profit organization located at Lincoln Center which was founded to engender the appreciation of opera and also support the Metropolitan Opera of New York City. Opera News was initially focused primarily on the Met, particularly providing information for listeners of the Saturday afternoon live Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts. Over the years, the magazine has broadened its scope to include the larger American and international opera scenes. Currently published monthly, Opera News offers opera related feature articles; artist interviews; production profiles; musicological pieces; music-business reportage; reviews of performances in the United States and Europe; reviews of recordings, videos, books and audio equipment; and listings of opera performances in the U.S.
The Editor-in-Chief is currently F. Paul Driscoll. Regular contributors to the magazine, both past and present, include its former features editor, Brian Kellow, William Ashbrook, Scott Barnes, Jochen Breiholz, Erika Davidson, Justin Davidson, Peter G. Davis, Matthew Gurewitsch, Joel Honig, Tim Page, Judith Malafronte, Mark Thomas Ketterson, Martin Bernheimer, Ira Siff, Joanne Sydney Lessner, Anne Midgette, Drew Minter, William R. Braun, Phillip Kennicott, Joshua Rosenblum, Leslie Rubinstein, Alan Wagner, Adam Wasserman, Oussama Zahr, and William Zakariasen.
The magazine is also available online, with some archival content going back to 1949. The web site was redesigned in spring 2010. Some of the online content is available only to subscribers to the print edition.
History
Opera News was founded in 1936 by the Metropolitan Opera Guild with Mrs. John DeWitt Peltz (Mary Ellis Peltz) serving as the publication's first editor. It was initially intended to be a "useful, instructive, and factual weekly newspaper of Opera in New York". Its first issue was published on 7 December 1936 and consisted of only one folded broadsheet. Its second year of publication saw its transformation into a 17-page magazine with advertising, with its first magazine issue appearing on . Beginning with the December 1940 issue, the magazine began to concentrate much of its content on the weekly Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts. The magazine at this point offered bi-weekly issues of an expanded size during the Fall, Winter, and Spring, but was on hiatus during the summers. As time went on, the magazine began to take on a more international scope of coverage; but it still maintained a strong interest in the New York opera scene and the Met in particular.
Frank Merkling succeeded Peltz as the second chief editor of Opera News, with their first issue appearing on . In 1972, the magazine became a year-round publication, adding monthly issues in the summer months while maintaining its bi-weekly schedule during the opera season. In 1974, Robert Jacobson became the magazine's third chief editor. Jacobson was succeeded by Patrick O'Connor (1988), who was succeeded in 1989 by Patrick J. Smith. In 1998, Smith was succeeded by Rudolph S. Rauch. Under the leadership of Rauch and executive editor Brian Kellow, the magazine switched to a monthly publication format in September 1998. F. Paul Driscoll, the current editor-in-chief, was appointed in July 2003.
Beginning with the June 2012 issue, the Metropolitan Opera said that Opera News would cease reviewing Met performances, following dissatisfaction among the Met leadership with the magazine's recent critiques of Robert Lepage's production of the Ring Cycle and of the company's direction under Peter Gelb. However, reactions from the public led to the decision being reversed.
Opera News Awards
Since 2005 the magazine has annually bestowed five Opera News Awards for Distinguished Achievement.
Past recipients of the awards have included:
1st2005: James Conlon, Régine Crespin, Plácido Domingo, Susan Graham, Dolora Zajick
2nd2006: Ben Heppner, James Levine, René Pape, Renata Scotto, Deborah Voigt
3rd2007: Stephanie Blythe, Olga Borodina, Thomas Hampson, Leontyne Price, Julius Rudel
4th2008: John Adams (composer), Natalie Dessay, Renée Fleming, Marilyn Horne, Sherrill Milnes
5th2009: Martina Arroyo, Joyce DiDonato, Shirley Verrett, Gerald Finley, Philip Glass
6th2010: Jonas Kaufmann, Riccardo Muti, Patricia Racette, Kiri Te Kanawa, Bryn Terfel
7th2011: Karita Mattila, Anja Silja, Dmitri Hvorostovsky, Peter Mattei, Peter Sellars
8th2012: David Daniels, Simon Keenlyside, Eric Owens, Mirella Freni, Dawn Upshaw
9th2013: Patrice Chéreau, Juan Diego Flórez, Christa Ludwig, James Morris, Nina Stemme
10th2014: Piotr Beczała, Ferruccio Furlanetto, Sondra Radvanovsky, Samuel Ramey, Teresa Stratas
11th2015: Joseph Calleja, Elīna Garanča, Waltraud Meier, Anna Netrebko, José van Dam
12th2016: Robert Carsen, Christine Goerke, Yannick Nézet-Séguin, Matthew Polenzani, Frederica von Stade
13th2017: William Christie, Fiorenza Cossotto, Vittorio Grigolo, Hei-Kyung Hong, Sonya Yoncheva
14th2018: Ramón Vargas, Ailyn Pérez, Luca Pisaroni, Laurent Pelly, Rosalind Elias
15th2019: Thomas Allen, Javier Camarena, Anthony Roth Costanzo, Diana Damrau, Ana María Martínez
16th2020: Lawrence Brownlee, Janet Baker, Cecilia Bartoli
17th2021: Denyce Graves, Quinn Kelsey, Elza van den Heever
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Metropolitan Opera Guild
1936 establishments in New York City
Magazines about opera
Magazines established in 1936
Magazines published in New York City
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Music magazines published in the United States
Nikolaos Deligiorgis (; 14 May 1937 – 13 June 2022) was a Greek magazine editor and publisher.
Life and career
Nikos Deligiorgis was born on 14 May 1937 in Piraeus, Greece. In 1971 they secured from "Ελλάς Πρες" and co-created the "Γκολ" magazine, which was reissued much later. In June 1972 they published, together with the journalist Costas Bazaios, "Μανίνα", initially in large format, which sold more than 100,000 sheets per week. This was followed by the weekly "Αγόρι" and the 15-day "Τρουένο" and "Πάττυ". Also in the late 1980s, they published "Βαβούρα" (weekly for children with a developed sense of humor) and in the 1990s, "Γκάρφιλντ" magazine.
Deligiorgis died on 13 June 2022, at the age of 85.
References
1937 births
2022 deaths
Greek publishers (people)
People from Piraeus
Alocasia baginda, the dragon scale plant, is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Kalimantan, Indonesia. As a houseplant it is rare in commerce, with the unimproved species, and the cultivars 'Pink Dragon' and the smaller 'Silver Dragon' (which may be a hybrid) occasionally available.
References
baginda
House plants
Flora of Kalimantan
Plants described in 2011
Neal Horgan (born 29 November 1979, in San Francisco) is a professional footballer who has played for some years for Cork City in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Youth and schoolboy success
Neal attended primary school in Glasheen Boys' School. Later, they won three Munster Schools Senior soccer titles with their secondary school Coláiste an Spioraid Naoimh, in Bishopstown, County Cork. They also received two Munster Youth Cup winners medals with Wilton for their part in a very successful team. Following this success, Horgan represented their college and their country at the World University Games. They signed for Cork City and competed with Alan Carey for the right fullback position.
Cork City
Under manager Pat Dolan, Horgan played at right fullback for Cork City before fracturing their leg in April 2004 during a Munster derby against Waterford United, ruling them out of the club's UEFA Inter-Toto Cup campaign. (The then under-21 level prospect, and future club captain, Cillian Lordan deputised for Horgan in their absence). Horgan recovered ahead of schedule to reclaim their place as the season came to a close.
Horgan played a role in Cork City's League of Ireland winning campaign in 2005, and completed a Law degree in 2006.
Because of their birth on American soil Neal is eligible to work without visa issues in the USA. During the following Winter off-season (January 2007) Neal investigated the possibility of combining their football and law experience in the US, participating in a pre-season camp in Mexico with Colorado Rapids before choosing instead to return to Cork City for the start of the 2007 campaign.
Neal announced their retirement from professional football after the 2009 season, to further their studies in Law, but then signed for non-professional side Douglas Hall and in June 2010 signed a new contract with Cork City.
They work for Healy O'Connor Solicitors.
Publications
Horgan is a published author, having written a booked entitled 'Death of a Football Club?: The Story of Cork City FC: Season 2008' in 2014, where they recall the liquidation battle facing their football club during the 2008 season. Subsequently, Horgan followed up this book with a second book entitled 'Second City: The Fall, Death and Rise of Cork City FC, Part Two, Season 2009', which was published in 2016 and continued from where their first book finished off.
Honours
Cork City
League of Ireland (1): 2005
FAI Cup (1): 2007
Setanta Sports Cup (1): 2008
League of Ireland First Division (1): 2011
References
External links
Photos of Neal Horgan on Flickr
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Cork City F.C. players
League of Ireland players
Living people
1979 births
Munster Senior League (association football) players
Association football fullbacks
New Zealand competed at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea from 4 to 18 July 2015. New Zealand qualified 49 athletes.
Football
New Zealand named a squad of 23 players.
Men
Coach: Anthony Hudson
Taekwondo
New Zealand has qualified 7 athletes.
Women
Andrea Kilday -46 kg
Zhanna Sattsaeva -67 kg
Rhiannon O'Neill -62 kg
Men
Nicolas Dorman +87 kg
Dafydd Sanders -87 kg
Vaughn Scott -80 kg
Sean Wells -54 kg
Weightlifting
New Zealand has qualified 19 athletes.
Women
Ruth Anderson-Horrell (69 kg)
Kaeley Elkington (63 kg)
Vi'ivale Gafa (75+ kg)
Amanda Gould (63 kg)
Tracey Lambrechs (75+ kg)
Paige Lawgun (48 kg)
Charlotte Moss (53 kg)
Sheena Phillips (58 kg - reserve)
Emma Pilkington (69 kg - reserve)
Men
Andy Barakauskas (105+ kg)
Ianne Guinares (62 kg)
An-ti Hsu (77 kg)
Richard Jones (105 kg)
Douglas Sekone-Fraser (85 kg)
Cameron Smith (77 kg)
Caleb Symon (94 kg)
Rory Taylor (105 kg)
Anthony Taylor (69 kg - reserve)
Vester Villalon (69 kg - reserve)
References
2015 in New Zealand sport
Nations at the 2015 Pacific Games
New Zealand at the Pacific Games
2010 JEF United Ichihara Chiba season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
JEF United Ichihara Chiba
JEF United Chiba seasons
Time slicing is a technique used by the DVB-H and ATSC-M/H technologies for achieving power-savings on mobile terminal devices. It is based on the time-multiplexed transmission of different services.
DVB-H and ATSC-M/H transmit large pieces of data in bursts, allowing the receiver to be switched off in inactive periods. The result is power savings of up to 90% - and the same inactive receiver could be used to monitor neighboring cells for seamless handovers.
Detailed description
Motivation
A special problem for mobile terminals is the limited battery capacity. In a way, being compatible with a broadband terrestrial service would place a burden on the mobile terminal, because demodulating and decoding a high data-rate stream involves certain power dissipation in the tuner and the demodulator. An investigation at the beginning of the development of DVB-H showed that the total power consumption of a DVB-T front end was more than 1 Watt at the time of the examination and was expected not to decrease below 600 mW until 2006; meanwhile a somewhat lower value seems possible but the envisaged target of 100 mW as a maximum threshold for the entire front end incorporated in a DVB-H terminal is still unobtainable for a DVB-T receiver.
A considerable drawback for battery-operated terminals is the fact that with DVB-T or ATSC, the whole data stream has to be decoded before any one of the services (TV programmes) of the multiplex can be accessed. The power saving made possible by time slicing is derived from the fact that essentially only those parts of the stream which carry the data of the service currently selected have to be processed. However, the data stream needs to be reorganized in a suitable way for that purpose. In DVB-H and ATSC-M/H, service multiplexing is performed in a pure time-division multiplex. The data of one particular service are therefore not transmitted continuously but in compact periodical bursts with interruptions in between. Multiplexing of several services leads again to a continuous, uninterrupted transmitted stream of constant data-rate.
Burst transmission
This kind of signal can be received time-selectively: the terminal synchronizes to the bursts of the wanted service but switches to a power-save mode during the intermediate time when other services are being transmitted. The power-save time between bursts, relative to the on-time required for the reception of an individual service, is a direct measure of the power saving provided by time slicing. Bursts entering the receiver have to be buffered and read out of the buffer at the service data-rate. The amount of data contained in one burst needs to be sufficient for bridging the power-save period of the front end. For tuning into a stream, a burst needs to carry a video frame that allows the decoder to display the video instantaneously, otherwise, the next burst has to be awaited.
The position of the bursts is signaled in terms of the relative time difference between two consecutive bursts of the same service. This information is called "delta t". It is transmitted multiple times within a single burst as to provide error redundancy.
Practically, the duration of one burst is in the range of several hundred milliseconds whereas the power-save time may amount to several seconds. A lead time for powering up the front end, for resynchronization, etc. has to be taken into account; this time period is assumed to be less than 250 ms according to the DVB-H technical standard. Depending on the ratio of on-time / power-save time, the resulting power saving may be more than 90%.
As an example, the figure on the right shows a portion of a data stream containing time-sliced services. One quarter of the assumed total capacity of a DVB-T channel of 13.27 Mbit/s is assigned to DVB-H services whereas the remaining capacity is shared between ordinary DVB-T services. This example shows that it is feasible to transmit both DVB-T and DVB-H within the same network.
Calculating burst parameters
The length of a burst can be calculated through the size of the burst and the bitrate of the burst . An additional factor of 0.96 is introduced to compensate for the headers of the underlying MPEG transport stream, because they are created after applying Time Slicing.
The actual on time of a burst, referred to as , incorporates the synchronization time stated above (250ms).
The constant bitrate of a stream can be calculated from the burst bitrate and the ON and OFF lengths:
Vice versa, the OFF time that is to be used can be calculated from the actual constant bitrate of the video stream. This is more intuitive, since the constant (or average) video bitrate is known before applying time slicing.
The energy saving percentage can be finally expressed by
Benefits and Disadvantages
Time slicing requires a sufficiently high number of multiplexed services and a certain minimum burst data-rate to guarantee effective power saving. Basically, the power consumption of the front end correlates with the service data-rate of the service currently selected.
Time slicing offers another benefit for the terminal architecture. The rather long power-save periods may be used to search for channels in neighboring radio cells offering the selected service. This way a channel handover can be performed at the border between two cells which remains imperceptible for the user. Both the monitoring of the services in adjacent cells and the reception of the selected service data can be done with the same front end.
References
Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB); Transmission System for Handheld Terminals (DVB-H), ETSI EN 302 304 V1.1.1.
Candidate Standard: ATSC-M/H Standard, Part 2 – RF/Transmission System Characteristics (A/153, Part 2:2009), S4-131r14.
M. Rezaei, I. Bouazizi, V. Vadakital and M. Gabbouj, "Optimal Channel Changing Delay for Mobile TV over DVB-H", May 2007, IEEE International Conference on Portable Information Devices
Digital television
High-definition television
Broadcast engineering
Carpegna may refer to:
Carpegna, an Italian noble family started by Guido I Carpegna in the XIII century
Places
Carpegna, a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino, Italy
Monte Carpegna, a mountain at the border of the Province of Rimini with the Province of Pesaro and Urbino, region of Marche, Italy
People
Daniel Varela Suanzes-Carpegna (born 1951), Spanish politician and former Member of the EU Parliament
Gasparo di Carpegna (1661-1733), great-grandnephew of Michelangelo Buonarroti, Florentine official at the court of Cosimo III
Gaspare Carpegna (1625–1714), Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal
Gabrielli di Carpegna (1856-1924), Italian nobleman, politician and soldier
Massimo Carpegna (born 1955), Italian conductor
Pietro Carpegna, or Petrus de Carpinea (1592–1630), Italian Roman Catholic Bishop of Gubbio
Ulderico Carpegna (1595–1679), Italian jurist and Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Chirch
Buildings
Palazzo Carpegna, former seat of the Academy of St Luke, located in Rome, Italy
San Pio V a Villa Carpegna, a Titular Church in the Roman Catholic Church, located in Rome, Italy
The Río Álamo, is a stream in the state of Tamaulipas, Mexico, and is a tributary of the Rio Grande. It is impounded by Las Blancas Dam, which was completed in 2001 and diverts water to the Marte Gómez Reservoir on the Rio San Juan, another tributary of the Rio Grande.
The Rio Alamo enters the Rio Grande (Rio Bravo del Norte in Mexico) at Rio Grande river kilometer , about downriver from Falcon Dam.
See also
List of rivers of Mexico
List of tributaries of the Rio Grande
Urban water management in Monterrey, Mexico
References
Rivers of Tamaulipas
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
Paoli is an unincorporated community in the town of Montrose, in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.
Notable people
Peter W. Matts - Wisconsin State Assemblyman
Oscar F. Minch - Wisconsin State Assemblyman
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Dane County, Wisconsin
Madison, Wisconsin, metropolitan statistical area
Chris Cooper (born January 17, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for CSU Sibiu of the Romanian League. They played college basketball for Old Dominion University.
High school career
Cooper attended Forest Park High School in Woodbridge, Virginia. They averaged 9.4 points, 8.5 rebounds and 3.4 blocked shots. They were a 2007 Sporting News honorable mention preseason All-American. As a member of the Hoopbooth National AAU squad, they averaged 16.2 points and 12.3 rebounds per game.
College career
Born in Bronx, New York, but raised in Dumfries, Virginia, Cooper played for Old Dominion University's basketball team in NCAA Division I from 2008 until 2012. They saw little playing time during their first-year student and sophomore years.
2008–2009 season
In their freshmen year at Old Dominion University they played in 24 games and scored 4 points vs. Winston-Salem, Northeastern and Belmont and had 5 rebounds vs. Winston-Salem. Cooper averaged 1.0 points, 0.8 rebounds, and 0.3 assists.
2009–2010 season
During their sophomore year they played in 29 games and scored 8 points vs. Bethune-Cookman and Liberty. 5 rebounds vs. Liberty, Mt. St. Mary's, Drexel. 3 blocked shots vs. Bethune-Cookman. Ending the season Cooper averaged 1.4 points, 2.0 rebounds, and 0.2 assists. in 6.5 minutes.
2010–2011 season
In their junior season, Cooper had an increased role and started 24 games with a career high 16 rebounds vs. UMES and ties the ODU Constant Center mark which they share with Alex Loughton ('06). Scored 9 points vs. Missouri. Scored a career high 12 points at George Mason. Dished out 4 assists vs. W&M. Cooper averaged 5.0 points, 5.5 rebounds, and 0.6 assists in 20.9 minutes.
2011–2012 season
Cooper became a dominant force in the paint during their senior year, averaging a double–double in 29 minutes of game action. Second Team All-CAA selection. Career high 22 rebounds vs. JMU. Career high 21 points at Richmond. 17 points vs. No. 2 Kentucky. 16 rebounds at JMU. 12 rebounds vs. Kentucky. Named CAA Player of the Week on Nov. 21. 17 double-doubles and 21 games with 10 or more rebounds. Currently tied for fifth all-time for single season double-double bests at ODU. Second team NABC All-District 10. Ranked 20th nationally in rebounding and 13th in double-doubles. Cooper went undrafted at the 2012 NBA draft. In their senior year at ODU, Cooper averaged 10.8 ppg and 10.1 rpg in 32 games. They were named to the NABC Division I District 10 2nd Team in 2012.
Professional career
2012–2013 season
In November 2012, Cooper was selected 31st overall in the 2012 NBA Development League Draft by the Bakersfield Jam. During the season, they averaged 3.9 points per game and 5.8 rebounds per game in 47 games. They helped the team win the D-League Western Conference Championship in 2013
2013–2014 season
In July 2013, they signed a one-year deal with a second year option, with BC Šiauliai of Lithuania, where they helped lead their team to their first professional national championship title. It was their first stint outside the United States. During the season they averaged 7 points and 5 rebounds in LKL and 8.8 points and 5.9 rebounds in Baltic League in 36 games.
2014–2015 season
In July 2014, they signed a one-year deal with CSU Asesoft Ploiești of Romania, also helping their team reach an 11th national championship title (two (2) overall in their professional career). Cooper's last Basketball came at the end of the 2013/2014 campaign when they played for BC Siauliai in the Lithuanian LKL. The forward wore the colors of Siauliai throughout the season in both the LKL and the Baltic league. In 36 league games they logged numbers of 7.0 points and 5.0 rebounds per game, while in Eighteen Baltic League appearances they averaged 8.8 points and 5.9 rebounds per game. This season will be the second that Chris Cooper has spent in Europe as they played their rookie campaign (2012/2013) in the USA. They represented the Bakersfield Jam over 46 games and notched figures of 3.9 points and 5.6 boards per game.
2015–2016 season
In July 2015, Cooper signed a one-year contract with CSA Steaua București (Basketball) of the Romanian League. At the end of the season, Cooper helped their team reach the playoffs and finishing third overall in the Romanian League.
2016–2017 season
In August 2016, Cooper signed a one-year contract CSU Sibiu of the Romanian League. Cooper helped them to end the regular season as a second best team in the league having advanced to the semifinals. Of particular note was the Finals Game 1: CSU Sibiu vs Oradea in which they helped to win the game recording a double-double by scoring 16 points and 18 rebounds. Cooper also lead the league in rebounds with 7.9 total rebounds averaged per game.
2017–2018 season
Cooper re-signs with CSU Sibiu for the 2017–2018 season. The 27-year-old played in Sibiu last season and in 40 Liga Nationala games they averaged 9.4 points, 7.9 rebounds, and 1.2 assists.
International Regular Season Stats – Per Game
References
External links
RealGM.com Profile
EuroBasket.com Profile
ESPN.com Profile
DraftExpress.com Profile
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in Romania
Bakersfield Jam players
Basketball players from Virginia
BC Šiauliai players
Centers (basketball)
CSU Asesoft Ploiești players
Old Dominion Monarchs men's basketball players
Sportspeople from the Washington metropolitan area
People from Dumfries, Virginia
American men's basketball players
Grand Canyon National Park Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located in Tusayan, CDP in unincorporated Coconino County, Arizona, United States. It is near Grand Canyon National Park, from the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. The airport is primarily used for scenic tours and charter flights.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 294,436 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008 and 354,624 enplanements in 2007. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–13, it is categorized as commercial service - primary.
History
The present day facility incorporates the site of the first official Grand Canyon airport, a landing field authorized by the U.S. Forest Service for commercial flights in 1925. The new airport first opened for business in October 1965. The airport terminal was completed and formally dedicated on October 20, 1967.
Today, the airport is the fourth most active air carrier airport in Arizona, following Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, Tucson International Airport, and Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. Over 40 air taxi and commuter carriers serve the airport.
Facilities and aircraft
Grand Canyon National Park Airport covers an area of at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 3/21 with an asphalt surface measuring .
For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2019, the airport had 52,144 aircraft operations, an average of 143 per day: 93% air taxi, 6% general aviation, <1% scheduled commercial, and 1% military. At that time there were 39 aircraft based at this airport: 4 single-engine, 2 multi-engine and 33 helicopters.
Historical airline service
Grand Canyon National Park Airport had scheduled passenger jet service operated by several airlines at different times in the past including Air West, Hughes Airwest, Republic Airlines (1979-1986) and TriStar Airlines. Hughes Airwest operated Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners to Las Vegas (LAS) and Phoenix (PHX) with continuing one stop, direct service to Los Angeles (LAX) and Burbank (BUR) while TriStar flew British Aerospace BAe 146-200 jets to Las Vegas (LAS) with direct one stop service to LAX. At one point, Hughes Airwest also operated Fairchild F-27 turboprop aircraft to Las Vegas and Phoenix with continuing, no change of plane service to Salt Lake City (SLC). Hughes Airwest was then merged into Republic Airlines which continued to operate DC-9 jet flights into the airport. During the summer of 1982, Republic was operating two daily DC-9 flights nonstop to Las Vegas (LAS) as well as daily nonstop DC-9 service to Phoenix (PHX) and direct one stop service daily to Burbank (BUR). By the mid-1980s, Republic had ceased all service into the airport.
Air West, the predecessor airline of Hughes Airwest, also operated Douglas DC-9 jets from the airport in addition to flying services with Fairchild F-27 turboprops. Bonanza Air Lines, which merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West, flew from the airport prior to the Air West service and operated Fairchild F-27 turboprops as well with direct service to Phoenix and Salt Lake City with a daily round trip routing of Phoenix - Prescott, AZ - Grand Canyon Airport - Page, AZ - Cedar City, UT - Salt Lake City. Bonanza then expanded their F-27 propjet service with nonstop flights to Las Vegas and Phoenix. A 1966 Bonanza Air Lines print ad announced the air carrier's new service at the airport stating that Bonanza was "The only airline serving Grand Canyon" at the time.
The airport was also served in the past by America West Airlines operating de Havilland Canada DHC-8 Dash 8 turboprop aircraft to Las Vegas and Phoenix. Alpha Air, a commuter airline based in California that operated as Trans World Express (TWE) flying Beechcraft 1900C turboprops via a code sharing agreement with Trans World Airlines (TWA), also provided service with nonstop flights to Los Angeles (LAX) or Burbank (BUR) with the latter service continuing on to LAX. Inland Empire Airlines, another California-based commuter air carrier, operated nonstop flights to Los Angeles as well with Swearingen Metro propjets. Cochise Airlines, a commuter air carrier based in Arizona, served the airport with de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter and Swearingen Metro turboprops and also Cessna 402 prop aircraft with flights to Phoenix, Tucson and other destinations in Arizona. In 1999 Sunrise Airlines was flying daily nonstop service between Phoenix and the airport with Beechcraft 1900C turboprops. Also in 1999, Scenic Air was operating daily nonstop service with a Grumman Gulfstream I propjet aircraft between Oakland, CA (OAK) and the airport.
A number of commuter air carriers also provided scheduled nonstop passenger service between Las Vegas (LAS) and Grand Canyon National Park Airport over the years. These airlines and the turboprop and prop aircraft they operated on the Las Vegas-Grand Canyon route are as follows with this information being taken from various Official Airline Guide (OAG) flight schedules from 1979 to 1999:
Air Cortez - Beechcraft 18, Cessna 402, Fairchild F-27
Air LA - British Aerospace BAe Jetstream 31
Air Nevada - Cessna 402
Air Resorts - Convair 580
Air Vegas - Beechcraft 99, Cessna 402
Eagle Canyon Airlines - Fokker F27
Grand Airways - Cessna 402, Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner (Metro III aircraft). Grand Airways also operated McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners into the airport on charter flights.
Las Vegas Airlines - Piper Chieftain
Nevada Airlines - Douglas DC-3, Martin 404
Pacific National Airlines - Douglas DC-3
Royal American Airways - Vickers Viscount
Scenic Airlines - Fokker F27
Silver State Airlines - Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante
Airlines that operated jet service in the past between Las Vegas and the airport included Air West, Hughes Airwest, Republic Airlines (1979-1986) and TriStar Airlines.
Commercial aircraft as large as the Boeing 767-300 wide body jetliner flown by Vision Airlines on charter service have operated into the airport in the past.
Scenic air tours
Four companies operate scenic air tours over the Grand Canyon under FAR Part 135.
Grand Canyon Airlines operates fixed-wing tours using customized Twin Otters and Cessna Caravans.
WestWind Aviation Service operates fixed-wing tours using Cessna Skywagons and Cessna Caravans to and from Deer Valley Airport and Page Municipal Airport.
Papillon Grand Canyon Helicopters operates rotor-wing tours using Bell 206s and Eurocopter EC130s.
Maverick Helicopters operates rotor-wing tours using Eurocopter EC130s.
Airport terminal tenants
There are currently four tenant businesses in the airport terminal.
Grand Canyon Rental Adventures rents Polaris ATVs and camping gear.
GC-Bikes rents electric bikes.
Paragon Skydive offers tandem skydive services.
WestWind Aviation Service offers fixed-wing scenic air tours over the Grand Canyon as well as service to Deer Valley Airport and Page Municipal Airport.
Accidents at or near GCN
On November 16, 1979, Nevada Airlines Flight 2504, a Martin 4-0-4 crashed after takeoff from GCN after a loss of power in the left engine and unwanted feathering of the prop and encountering a downdraft at the end of the runway. The aircraft collided with trees 7531 feet past the end of the runway and 2447 feet left of the extended centerline. The plane was destroyed by a post-crash fire, but there were no fatalities among the 41 passengers and three crew on board.
On June 18, 1986, Grand Canyon Airlines Flight 6, a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter Vista Liner 300, collided in mid-air at an altitude of 6500 feet with a Helitech Bell 206 in the area of Tonto Plateau. All 18 passengers and two crew perished on the Twin Otter along with five occupants on the helicopter.
On September 27, 1989, Grand Canyon Airlines Flight 5, a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter Vista Liner 300, crashed into trees after an attempted landing and go-around, killing eight passengers and two crew out of the 21 occupants on board.
On September 8, 2019, Christopher Swales, a 55-year-old man from the United Kingdom, died during a tandem jump. Police blamed holes in the parachute.
References
External links
Grand Canyon National Park Airport (GCN) at Arizona DOT airport directory
Aerial image as of 5 June 1992 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Coconino County, Arizona
Nilüfer Hatun Imareti (Turkish for "Nilüfer Hatun Soup Kitchen"), a convent annex hospice for dervishes, now housing the Iznik Museum in İznik, Bursa Province, Turkey. This elegant building was erected in 1388 for Murat I who dedicated it to their mother.
When Orhan Gazi was off on campaign Nilüfer acted as their regent, the only woman in Ottoman history who was ever given such power. During Murad's reign they were recognized as Valide Sultan, or Queen Mother, the first in Ottoman history to hold this title, and when they died they were buried beside Orhan Gazi and their father Osman Gazi in Bursa. The Muslim traveler Ibn Battuta, who visited Iznik in the 1330s, was a guest of Nilüfer Hatun, whom they described as 'a pious and excellent woman'.
Architecture
The Imaret is built in single courses of stone alternating with four courses of bricks, its vaults and domes covered with ceramic tiles. The building is preceded by an open ended porch of five bays, with five arches in front and two on either side, carried by a succession of alternating piers and columns. The central bay is surmounted by a small dome, while the four side bays are covered with flat topped cross vaults. Inside, the main hall is a square surmounted by a lofty dome carried on the belt of Turkish triangles. On either side there are two large rooms with much lover domes; these have large , or hearths, and were used as both kitchens and dormitories. In front of the main hall is another hall of similar size divided into two sections by a great arch; this served as a mescit, as evidenced by the mihrab niche in the south wall.
Uses and restoration
The building originally served as a hostel for the Ahi Brotherhood of Virtue. This was a religious and fraternal society formed by the craft guilds in Anatolia during the Seljuk period. Ibn Battuta also wrote about the hospitality them received at one of the Ahi lodges in Anatolia.
Nilüfer's foundations was later used as an imaret, or refectory, serving free food to the poor of Iznik. The building was abandoned for many years but was restored in 1955. Today it houses the Iznik Museum, with archaeological and ethnological collections, including an exhibition of the famous Iznik kilns.
See also
Ottoman Empire
Nilüfer Hatun
Murad I
Ottoman Architecture
References
Museums in Turkey
Ottoman architecture
Bradley Allen Lohaus (born September 29, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Boston Celtics in the second round (45th pick overall) of the 1987 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center-power forward from the University of Iowa, Lohaus played in eleven NBA seasons for eight different teams: the Celtics, Sacramento Kings, Minnesota Timberwolves, Milwaukee Bucks, Miami Heat, San Antonio Spurs, New York Knicks and Toronto Raptors. They were featured in the 1993 arcade edition of the popular video game NBA Jam.
High school and college
Lohaus was a McDonald's All-American in 1982 at Greenway High School in Phoenix, Arizona under varsity coach Pete Babcock, who went on to work for six different NBA franchises in various capacities, including general manager.
Lohaus played at the University of Iowa from 1982 to 1987 under three different head coaches. They were recruited and played their first-year student season under head coach Lute Olson. After Olson left for the University of Arizona, Lohaus reluctantly stayed at Iowa and played their sophomore and junior seasons under George Raveling (redshirting a year between seasons). They then flourished during their senior season under new coach Dr. Tom Davis as a shooting big man who defended the front of the Hawkeyes' fullcourt pressing defense. That year, the team reached the NCAA Elite Eight, ending with a school record 30 wins, with Lohaus averaging 11.3 points and leading the team in rebounds and blocked shots.
Professional career
Lohaus was drafted by the Boston Celtics late in the second round; in 1987–88 the team went 57–25 in the regular season, and bowed out to the Detroit Pistons in the hard-fought six-game Eastern Conference Finals. They were traded along with Danny Ainge to the Sacramento Kings for Joe Kleine and Ed Pinckney on February 23, 1989.
Lohaus was acquired by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 1989 NBA Expansion Draft, then traded on January 4, 1990 to the Milwaukee Bucks for center Randy Breuer, giving Lohaus the opportunity to further display their perimeter game and long-range shooting ability. They also completed their bachelor's degree at the University of Iowa the ensuing summer semester.
After that season, Lohaus played an additional four full seasons for the Bucks, scoring 314 three-point field goals (whereas they were 5 for 40 in their first 2½ seasons). The Bucks advanced to the playoffs twice in that timeframe.
They then played for the Miami Heat in 1994–95 with former Iowa teammate Kevin Gamble, where Lohaus averaged 4.4 points per game. They spent their final three seasons with the Spurs, Knicks (via trade, with the Knicks getting Lohaus, J. R. Reid and a first-round pick in 1996, while the Spurs received Charles Smith and Monty Williams), Toronto (November–December 1996), a stint with the Italian team Scavolini Pesaro (October–December 1997), then back again with the Spurs in 1997–98, later in the season and into the playoffs. During the lengthy NBA lockout in 1998–99, Lohaus contemplated retiring and ultimately did not play professionally again.
In their NBA career, Lohaus played in 656 games over 11 years, scoring a total of 3,854 points, and converting 392 three-point shots (over 30% of their total points scored).
Lohaus appears in the video game NBA Jam as a member of the Milwaukee Bucks, as B.Lohaus.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 1987–88
| align="left" | Boston
| 70 || 4 || 10.3 || .496 || .231 || .806 || 2.0 || 0.7 || 0.3 || 0.6 || 4.2
|-
| align="left" | 1988–89
| align="left" | Boston
| 48 || 15 || 15.4 || .433 || .000 || .761 || 3.0 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 5.6
|-
| align="left" | 1988–89
| align="left" | Sacramento
| 29 || 10 || 16.4 || .431 || .143 || .807 || 3.9 || 0.6 || 0.3 || 1.0 || 8.0
|-
| align="left" | 1989–90
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 28 || 24 || 21.1 || .465 || .063 || .808 || 3.9 || 2.2 || 0.5 || 0.8 || 7.5
|-
| align="left" | 1989–90
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 52 || 17 || 26.0 || .458 || .380 || .701 || 5.5 || 2.0 || 0.8 || 1.3 || 10.0
|-
| align="left" | 1990–91
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 81 || 3 || 15.0 || .431 || .277 || .685 || 2.7 || 0.9 || 0.6 || 0.9 || 5.3
|-
| align="left" | 1991–92
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 70 || 8 || 15.4 || .450 || .396 || .659 || 3.6 || 1.1 || 0.6 || 1.0 || 5.8
|-
| align="left" | 1992–93
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 80 || 24 || 22.1 || .461 || .370 || .723 || 3.5 || 1.6 || 0.6 || 0.9 || 9.1
|-
| align="left" | 1993–94
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 67 || 2 || 14.4 || .363 || .343 || .690 || 2.2 || 0.9 || 0.4 || 0.8 || 4.0
|-
| align="left" | 1994–95
| align="left" | Miami
| 61 || 1 || 12.0 || .420 || .406 || .667 || 1.7 || 0.7 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 4.4
|-
| align="left" | 1995–96
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 32 || 1 || 8.5 || .406 || .415 || .667 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 3.3
|-
| align="left" | 1995–96
| align="left" | New York
| 23 || 7 || 14.1 || .405 || .421 || 1.000 || 1.3 || 1.2 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 3.9
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Toronto
| 6 || 0 || 7.5 || .267 || .286 || .000 || 1.2 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 1.7
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 9 || 0 || 11.3 || .333 || .286 || .333 || 1.3 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 2.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 656 || 116 || 15.8 || .440 || .361 || .733 || 2.8 || 1.1 || 0.5 || 0.8 || 5.9
|}
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 1987–88
| align="left" | Boston
| 9 || 0 || 2.9 || .727 || .000 || .000 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 1.8
|-
| align="left" | 1989–90
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 4 || 4 || 36.8 || .400 || .375 || .000 || 6.8 || 1.3 || 2.0 || 2.3 || 9.5
|-
| align="left" | 1990–91
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 3 || 0 || 13.7 || .313 || .375 || .500 || 3.0 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 4.7
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 4 || 0 || 2.5 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.5 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 0.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 20 || 4 || 11.2 || .426 || .346 || .500 || 2.1 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 3.4
|}
College
|-
| align="left" | 1982–83
| align="left" | Iowa
| 20 || - || - || .310 || 1.000 || .538 || 0.6 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 1.3
|-
| align="left" | 1983–84
| align="left" | Iowa
| 28 || - || 22.4 || .404 || - || .673 || 5.2 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 0.4 || 6.8
|-
| align="left" | 1985–86
| align="left" | Iowa
| 32 || - || 12.7 || .431 || - || .794 || 3.2 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 3.6
|-
| align="left" | 1986–87
| align="left" | Iowa
| 35 || - || 26.9 || .540 || .347 || .692 || 7.7 || 1.8 || 0.5 || 1.1 || 11.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 115 || - || 20.8 || .467 || .356 || .695 || 4.6 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 6.3
|}
Personal life
They have had a home in the Iowa City area since 1987, and is a scout with the Spurs organization, covering the midwest region, and also is a broker for commercial airplanes and airplane parts. They endowed a full athletic scholarship to the Iowa Hawkeyes basketball program in 1996, the first former student-athlete to do so in the school's history. They and their wife Anne have two sons, Wyatt and Tanner, who both formerly played basketball for the Northern Iowa Panthers.
References
External links
Additional Lohaus Stats @ hoopedia.nba.com
CELTICS: Team History @ nba.com
PESARIO: Lohaus Player Profile Legabasket.it
1964 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Minnesota
Boston Celtics draft picks
Boston Celtics players
Centers (basketball)
Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Miami Heat players
Milwaukee Bucks players
Minnesota Timberwolves expansion draft picks
Minnesota Timberwolves players
New York Knicks players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
People from New Ulm, Minnesota
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Kings players
San Antonio Spurs players
Sportspeople from Iowa City, Iowa
Toronto Raptors players
Victoria Libertas Pesaro players
Small Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada on the northwest side of Quadra Island, near the city of Campbell River.
It is named after Squadron Leader Norville Small, a decorated officer who was referred to as a leader, tactician, and innovator.
References
Provincial Parks of the Discovery Islands
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1996
1996 establishments in British Columbia
Marine parks of Canada
A. Hari Reddi (born October 20, 1942) is a Distinguished Professor and holder of the Lawrence J. Ellison Endowed Chair in Musculoskeletal Molecular Biology at the University of California, Davis. They were previously the Virginia M. and William A. Percy Chair and Professor in Orthopaedic Surgery, Professor of Biological Chemistry, and Professor of Oncology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Professor Reddi's research played an indispensable role in the identification, isolation and purification of bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) that are involved in bone formation and repair. The molecular mechanism of bone induction studied by Professor Reddi led to the conceptual advance in tissue engineering that morphogens/metabologens bound to an insoluble extracellular matrix scaffolding act in collaboration to stimulate stem cells to form cartilage and bone. The Reddi laboratory has also made important discoveries unraveling the role of the extracellular matrix in bone and cartilage tissue regeneration and repair.
Significant research accomplishments
Professor Reddi discovered that bone induction is a sequential multistep cascade involving chemotaxis, mitosis, and differentiation. Early studies in their laboratory at the University of Chicago and National Institutes of Health unraveled the sequence of events involved in bone matrix-induce bone morphogenesis. Using a battery of in vitro and in vivo bioassays for bone formation, a systematic study was undertaken in their laboratory to isolate and purify putative bone morphogenetic proteins. Reddi and colleagues were the first to identify BMPs as pleiotropic regulators, acting in a concentration dependent manner. They demonstrated first that BMPs bind the extracellular matrix, are present at the apical ectodermal ridge in the developing limb bud, are chemotactic for human monocytes, and have neurotropic potential. Their laboratory pioneered the use of BMPs in regenerative orthopedics and dentistry.
Education and Mentors
Hari Reddi received their PhD from the University of Delhi in reproductive endocrinology under the mentorship of M.R.N. Prasad. Reddi did postdoctoral work with Howard Guy Williams-Ashman at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Reddi was also a student of Charles Brenton Huggins, the winner of the 1966 Nobel Prize with Peyton Rous for the endocrine regulation of cancer.
International Conference of Bone Morphogenetic Proteins
Reddi is the founder of the International Conference on Bone Morphogenetic Proteins (BMPs). They organized the first conference at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1994. The conference is held every two years rotating between the United States and an international venue.
Awards
Kappa Delta Award for the "Purification, Cloning and Expression of Osteogenin, A Protein Initiator of Bone Differentiation." in 1991.
Marshall Urist Award for Excellence in Tissue Regeneration Research from the Orthopedic Research Society and the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. in 1997. Professor Reddi was the first recipient of the Urist award.
Nicolas Andry Prize award from the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons in 1999.
Japanese Association for the Promotion of State-of-the-Art in Medicine prize in 2004.
BBVA Foundation Biomedicine Chair in 2007, enabling the attachment of leading international professors to universities in Spain. Professor Reddi was at the University of Malaga working on articular cartilage regeneration.
Books
Ramachandran, G.N., Reddi, A.H. (Eds.), Biochemistry of Collagen. Plenum Press, New York, NY, 1976.
Piez, K.A., Reddi, A.H. (Eds.), Extracellular Matrix Biochemistry. Elsevier, New York, 1984.
Reddi A.H. (Ed.), Extracellular Matrix: Structure and Function. A.R. Liss, New York, 1985.
Habal, M.B. and Reddi, A.H. (Eds.), Bone Grafts and Bone Substitutes. W.B Saunders and Co., Philadelphia, PA, 1992.
Athanasiou, K.A., Darling, E.M., Hu, J.C., DuRaine, G.D., Reddi, A.H., Articular Cartilage, 2nd Edition. (Hardback), CRC Press, 2017.
References
Biochemistry educators
Bone morphogenetic protein
Tissue engineering
Georges Izard (17 June 1903, in Abeilhan, Hérault – 20 September 1973, in Paris) was a French politician, lawyer, journalist and essayist.
Biography
Izard was named chief of staff to Charles Daniélou, then the minister of the merchant marine, whose daughter they married in 1929. ON 26 April 1936, they were elected member of parliament as a candidate of the Frontist Party in Meurthe-et-Moselle against a candidate of the extreme-right, Pierre Amidieu du Clos.
In 1940, as a volunteer soldier, they were taken as a prisoner of war by the Germans. Released for reasons of health, they joined the resistance as part of the Organisation civile et militaire (OCM). From November 1944, they were a member of Provisional Consultative Assembly Constituent Assembly of the Fourth Republic. They were Secretary-General of the OCM from 1945 to 1948. They then pursued a successful legal career. In November 1971 they were named to the Académie française.
Izard died on 20 September 1973.
Works
La Pensée de Charles Péguy (with Emmanuel Mounier and Marcel Péguy, 1931)
Où va le communisme ? L'évolution du parti communiste. Les textes (1936)
La Bataille de la France (Avec André Deléage, Georges Duveau, Jules Roman et L.-E. Galeÿ, 1938)
Les Classes moyennes (1938)
Les Coulisses de la Convention (1939)
Principes de droit civil, Cours professé à l'École supérieure d'organisation professionnelle (1944)
L'Homme est révolutionnaire (1945)
Principes de droit civil, Cours professé à l'École nationale d'organisation économique et sociale (1946)
Viol d'un mausolée, le sens et l'avenir de la déstalinisation (1957)
Lettre affligée au général de Gaulle (1964)
Sainte Catherine de Gênes et l'au-delà (1969)
References
External links
Académie française
1903 births
1973 deaths
People from Hérault
Politicians from Occitania (administrative region)
Frontist Party politicians
Members of the 16th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
20th-century French lawyers
French male essayists
Members of the Académie Française
French military personnel of World War II
French Resistance members
20th-century French essayists
20th-century French journalists
20th-century French male writers
HMS Bentinck was a during World War II. Named after John Bentinck commander of which participated in a number of engagements during the Seven Years' War including one in which HMS Niger defeated the French 74-gun ship of the line Diadem.
Originally destined for the US Navy as a turbo-electric (TE) type , HMS Bentinck was provisionally given the name USS Bull (later this name was reassigned to DE 693) however the delivery was diverted to the Royal Navy before the launch.
Actions
HMS Bentinck served exclusively with the 4th Escort Group taking part in operations in the Arctic (Russian Convoys) and the North Atlantic.
On 26 January 1945 the submarine was sunk in the Irish Sea south of the Isle of Man, at position by the frigates HMS Bentinck, , and . U-1051 was forced to the surface by the use of depth charges, then a gun battle ensued with U-1051 finally sinking after it had been rammed by HMS Aylmer. This action resulted in the loss of all 47 crew of U-1051.
On 8 April 1945 the submarine was sunk in the North Atlantic south-west of Ireland, at position by the frigates HMS Bentinck and HMS Calder. U-774 was attacked by the use of depth charges after its periscope was spotted by a lookout on HMS Calder. This action resulted in loss of all 44 crew aboard U-774.
On 21 April 1945, the submarine was sunk in the North Atlantic west of Ireland, at position by the frigates HMS Bentinck, and . U-636 was attacked by the use of depth charges. This action resulted in loss of all 42 crew aboard U-636.
General information
Pennant (UK): K 314
Pennant (US): DE 52
References
The Captain Class Frigates in the Second World War by Donald Collingwood. published by Leo Cooper (1998), .
The Buckley-Class Destroyer Escorts by Bruce Hampton Franklin, published by Chatham Publishing (1999), .
German U-Boat Losses During World War II by Axel Niestle, published by United States Naval Inst (1998), .
External links
uboat.net page for HMS Bentinck
uboat.net page for U-1051
uboat.net page for U-774
uboat.net page for U-636
captainclassfrigates.co.uk
Captain-class frigates
Buckley-class destroyer escorts
World War II frigates of the United Kingdom
Ships built in Hingham, Massachusetts
1943 ships
Verily Life Sciences, also known as Verily (formerly Google Life Sciences), is Alphabet Inc.'s research organization devoted to the study of life sciences. The organization was formerly a division of Google X, until August 10, 2015, when Sergey Brin announced that the organization would become an independent subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. This restructuring process was completed on October 2, 2015. On December 7, 2015, Google Life Sciences was renamed Verily.
Researchers
As of July 2014, members of the research team include Andrew Conrad, founder of LabCorp's National Genetics Institute; Vik Bajaj, an expert in nuclear magnetic resonance; Marija Pavlovic, who studies the effect of radiation on DNA; Alberto Vitari, a cancer biologist; Brian Otis, who worked on Google Venture's glucose-sensing contact lens; and Mark DePristo, who worked on the Genome Analysis Toolkit (GATK) at the Broad Institute.
Acquisitions and funding
On 9 September 2014, the division acquired Lift Labs, the makers of Liftware.
Verily Life Sciences in January 2019 raised $1 billion in funding. Andy Conrad remained CEO.
At the end of 2019, Verily sold its stake in robot-assisted surgery joint venture Verb Surgical to development partner Johnson & Johnson.
In August 2020, Verily announced that it is entering into the insurance market with the launch of Coefficient Insurance Company. The new subsidiary will be backed by Swiss Re Group's commercial insurance unit.
Projects
Develop comprehensive solutions that combine devices, software, medicine, and professional care to enable simple and intelligent disease management for people with diabetes, in partnership with Sanofi.
A spoon for people with tremors.
The Baseline Study, a project to collect genetic, molecular, and wearable device information from enough people to create a picture of what a healthy human should be.
A health-tracking wristband.
A disease-detecting nanoparticle platform working with the wristband, a project called Tricorder.
Advancements in surgical robotics, in partnership with Johnson & Johnson.
Development and commercialization of bioelectronic medicines, in partnership with GlaxoSmithKline
Development of miniaturized continuous glucose monitors (CGM) in partnership with Dexcom
Contact lenses that allow people with diabetes to continually check their glucose levels using a non-intrusive method. On November 16, 2018, Verily announced it discontinued this project.
Smart shoes for health tracking and fall detection
Skin research with L'Oréal
See also
Google X
Calico
Galvani Bioelectronics
References
Alphabet Inc.
Alphabet Inc. subsidiaries
American medical research
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Life sciences industry
Science and technology in the San Francisco Bay Area
Transhumanist organizations
Companies based in South San Francisco, California
Biotechnology companies established in 2015
2015 establishments in California
Momčilo Đokić (; 27 February 1911 – 21 April 1983) was a Serbian football player and manager.
Career
Known as Gusar, Đokić is remembered as one of the best wingers in the Yugoslav First League between the two world wars.
They started playing in the youth team of Soko In 1921 they joined SK Jugoslavija where they will play for the rest of their career. They started playing for the senior team in 1928, and would play, mostly as left-winger, all the way until 1940.
They played a total of 13 matches for the Yugoslavia national football team. Their debut was on 13 April 1930 against Bulgaria, in Belgrade, a 6-1 win, and their fairway match was on 13 December 1936, in Paris against France, a 0-1 loss. They played all the matches at the 1930 FIFA World Cup in Uruguay.
After retiring, they graduated in Business, and worked in several places in the former Yugoslavia, mostly in Serbia, where in some they simultaneously worked as a coach in clubs like FK Radnički Niš, FK Bor and FK Timok.
References
External links
Profile at Serbian Federation site
1911 births
1983 deaths
Sportspeople from Smederevo
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1930 FIFA World Cup players
Association football wingers
SK Jugoslavija players
Serbian football managers
Yugoslav football managers
FK Radnički Niš managers
Hovdeskar Gap () is a gap just east of Mount Skarshovden at the head of Skarsbrotet Glacier, in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and photographed by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39, was mapped by Norway from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60, and named Hovdeskar (knoll gap).
References
Mountain passes of Queen Maud Land
Humboldt Mountains (Antarctica)
Pteralyxia laurifolia, the ridged pteralyxia, is a species of plant in the family Apocynaceae. It is endemic to the Island of Oahu in the Hawaiian Islands. The species is listed as vulnerable, threatened by habitat loss.
References
laurifolia
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Oahu
Trees of Hawaii
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Front Row Joe is an animated anthropomorphic cat developed as the mascot for the American movie theater chain Cinemark Theatres in 1988. The mascot was created by the now-defunct animation studio Wilming Reams Animation in San Antonio, Texas. They appeared in policy trailers and advertisements until they were retired in 1998 when Cinemark rebranded to an Art Deco design. The mascot returned in 2004 for Cinemark's 20th anniversary, and again in 2018. They no longer appears in policy trailers, but still does appear in promotional advertisements and special events.
Personality
Front Row Joe appears as a popular, friendly, dancing and cool cat who is a theater-goer and appreciated by everyone except the antagonist Clyde. Joe obeys all of the rules and regulations listed.
Other characters
Starstruck Penny (originally Popcorn Penny) Penny is a light orange cat with a purple hair bow, green shirt, and purple skirt.  They are Joe's girlfriend and started appearing in 1991.
Clyde is a dark grey cat with a blue jacket and red nose.  They are the antagonist of Front Row Joe and does such boorish behavior and violations that is against the policy such as littering and smoking in the movie theater.
Elton is a short chubby brown cat with a red nose who is the assistant of Clyde and is not usually anthropomorphic. Elton occasionally joins Joe and later become best friends.
The male ushers are blue cats who took the main singing role until 1991 with Joe. There was a pink-colored female version based on the Andrew Sisters and appeared in one trailer in 1991.
Appearance
Joe has orange fur and originally wears a purple jacket with a necklace featuring the Cinemark logo until 1990 when they started buttoning their jacket. The logo then appeared on the right side of their jacket, closer to the collar of their shirt. They were a silent character until when they started taking the singing role in 1991. Joe has also worn a scarf in a holiday policy trailer and occasionally wears sunglasses.
On a policy trailer for Cinemark's 20th anniversary in 2004, Joe made a comeback in CGI wearing a tuxedo with a red tie.
In 2018, a new CGI design was created by ATK PLN for Joe, with beige color added on much of their fur including their hands, feet, upper tail, eyebrows, mouth, and ears. They wear a red and white-striped shirt and black necktie covered with a red sleeveless shirt and black jeans. Their accessories include a license, name pin, and digital watch. They occasionally wear other outfits such as a jungle explorer and summer outfit.
Merchandise
During Joe's original run, cinemas offered merchandising such as plastic kid-sized cups, plush, and t-shirts.
References
Animated characters
Fictional cats
Feline mascots
Fictional anthropomorphic characters
Mascots introduced in 1988
Male characters in advertising
Day for Night is a 1973 French comedy-drama romance film directed by François Truffaut, starring Jacqueline Bisset, Jean-Pierre Léaud, and Truffaut himself. The original French title is La Nuit américaine ("American Night"), the French name for the filmmaking process whereby sequences filmed outdoors in daylight are shot with a filter over the camera lens (a technique described in the dialogue of Truffaut's film) or also using film stock balanced for tungsten (indoor) light and underexposed (or adjusted during post-production) to appear as if they are taking place at night. In English, the technique is called day for night.
It premiered out of competition at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival and won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film the following year.
Plot
Day for Night chronicles the production of Je Vous Présente Paméla (Meet Pamela, or literally I introduce you to Pamela), a clichéd melodrama starring aging screen icon Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Aumont), former diva Séverine (Valentina Cortese), young heartthrob Alphonse (Jean-Pierre Léaud) and a British actor, Julie Baker (Jacqueline Bisset), who is recovering from both a nervous breakdown and the controversy over their marriage to their much older doctor.
In between are several vignettes chronicling the stories of the crew members and the director, Ferrand (Truffaut), who deals with the practical problems of making a movie. Behind the camera, the actors and crew go through several romances, affairs, break-ups and sorrows. The production is especially shaken up when one of the supporting actores is revealed to be pregnant. Later, Alphonse's lover leaves them for the film's stuntman, which leads Alphonse into a palliative one-night stand with an accommodating Julie; thereupon, mistaking Julie's pity for true love, the infantile Alphonse informs Julie's husband of the affair. Finally, Alexandre dies on the way to hospital after a car accident.
Cast
Cast notes:
Author Graham Greene makes a cameo appearance as an insurance company representative, billed as "Henry Graham". On the film's DVD, it was reported that Greene was a great admirer of Truffaut, and had always wanted to meet him, so when the small part came up where they actually talk to the director, they were delighted to have the opportunity. It was reported that Truffaut was unhappy they aren't told until later that the actor playing the insurance company representative was Greene, as they would have liked to have made their acquaintance, being an admirer of Greene's work.
Production
The film was based on an original idea of Truffaut who said they wanted the picture to do for movies what Fahrenheit 451 did for books "to show why it is good to love the cinema". The film was shot in Nice on an enormous set for a Paris street originally built by an American company and used for Lady L and The Madwoman of Chaillot. Truffaut got the idea while editing Two English Girls.
Truffaut used international actors because they felt French cinema did not have the mythological aspect they wanted. They said the film was influenced by The Golden Coach and Singing in the Rain; the latter was their favourite movie about filmmaking because it showed everyone involved in a film, not just the director and star.
Bisset was cast in part because they spoke French. "I was so flattered when they [Truffaut] called", said Bisset. "It's wonderful to work with someone who likes working with women".
The movie was dedicated to the Gish sisters, whom Truffaut called "the first two actores of the cinema"; they said the film was made in "the spirit of friendship for all the people in the movie business".
Truffaut took a sabbatical after making the film.
Themes
One of the film's themes is whether cinema is more important than life to those who make it. It makes many allusions both to filmmaking and to movies themselves, perhaps unsurprisingly since Truffaut began their career as a film critic who championed cinema as an art form. The film opens with a picture of Lillian and Dorothy Gish, to whom it is dedicated. In one scene, Ferrand opens a package of books they have ordered on directors such as Luis Buñuel, Carl Theodor Dreyer, Ingmar Bergman, Alfred Hitchcock, Jean-Luc Godard, Ernst Lubitsch, Roberto Rossellini and Robert Bresson. The film's French title could sound like L'ennui américain ("American boredom"): Truffaut wrote elsewhere of the way French cinema critics inevitably make this pun of any title that uses nuit. Here they deliberately invite their viewers to recognise the artificiality of cinema, particularly American-style studio film, with its reliance on effects such as day for night, that Je Vous Présente Paméla exemplifies.
Reception
The film is often considered one of Truffaut's best. It is one of two Truffaut films on Time magazine's list of the 100 Best Films of the Century, along with The 400 Blows. It has also been called "the most beloved film ever made about filmmaking".
Roger Ebert gave the film four stars out of four, writing, "it is not only the best movie ever made about the movies but is also a great entertainment." They added it to their "The Great Movies" list in 1997. Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film "hilarious, wise and moving," with "superb" performances. Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film four stars out of four, calling it "a movie about the making of a movie; it also is a wonderfully tender story of the fragile, funny, and tough people who populate the film business." They named it the best film of 1973 in their year-end list. Pauline Kael of The New Yorker called the film "a return to form" for Truffaut, "though it's a return only to form." They added, "It has a pretty touch. But when it was over, I found myself thinking, Can this be all there is to it? The picture has no center and not much spirit." Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times called it "one of the most sheerly enjoyable movies of any year, for any audience. For those who love the movies as Truffault loves them, 'Day for Night' is a very special testament of that love." Richard Combs of The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote, "Easily classifiable as a lightweight work, and never digging much below the surface of either its characters or its director's particular concept of cinema, the film still manages to be an delight simply because of the élan and ingenious craftsmanship with which its traditionally dangerous, self-conscious format is handled."
Jean-Luc Godard walked out of Day for Night in disgust, and accused Truffaut of making a film that was a "lie". Truffaut responded with a long letter critical of Godard, and the two former friends never met again.
Awards and nominations
See also
List of French submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of submissions to the 46th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of films featuring fictional films
References
External links
Day for Night at Letterbox DVD
Day for Night: Are Movies Magic? an essay by David Cairns at the Criterion Collection
1973 films
French romantic comedy-drama films
1970s French-language films
Best Film BAFTA Award winners
Best Foreign Language Film Academy Award winners
Films scored by Georges Delerue
Films about filmmaking
Films directed by François Truffaut
Films partially in color
Films whose director won the Best Direction BAFTA Award
Films with screenplays by François Truffaut
National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Film winners
Films set in Nice
1970s French films
Rita Verma (born 15 July 1953 in Patna) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.  They are a former Minister of State of Mines and Minerals in the Indian government.  They are a member of the faculty at SSLNT Women's College, Dhanbad in the subject of History.
Verma studied at Patna University, and taught history in Ranchi University. They were elected to the 10th Lok Sabha in 1991 from Dhanbad constituency in Bihar. They were re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996, 1998 and 1999 from the same constituency.  They are widowed of Randhir Prasad Verma, an IPS of Bihar cadre from 1974 batch who sacrificed their lives while foiling an attempt to a bank robbery in Dhanbad where they were serving as the Superintendent of Police.
Early life
Mrs. Rita Verma was born in a karna Kayastha Family.
Positions held
1999-2000 Minister of State of Mines and Minerals
2000 Minister of State of Health and Family Welfare
2000-01 Minister of State of Rural Development
2001-03 Minister of State of Human Resources Development
They were Member of Panel of Chairmen of Lok Sabha during 1996-97 and 1998–99 and Whip of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Parliamentary Party in 1998.
References
Politicians from Patna
1953 births
Living people
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
India MPs 1998–1999
India MPs 1999–2004
Patna University alumni
Ranchi University faculty
Women in Jharkhand politics
Lok Sabha members from Jharkhand
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Jharkhand
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Women union ministers of state of India
Belostoma flumineum is a North American species of giant water bug (family Belostomatidae). They are a common predator in ponds and wetlands. They are relatively large, reaching in length. As with other species of the Belostomatidae family, the fathers take care of the offspring. Exclusive paternal care has been the focus of many studies done on this species. Other studies have been done on food webs and predation pressure using this species because they are an apex predator (among invertebrates) in their preferred habitats.
Morphology
Ovoid-elongate in body shape that is dorsoventrally flattened and brown in coloration. They can range in length. B.flumineum are insects so naturally have six legs although the front two are strong raptorial legs for catching and holding prey in a vice grip. The other four legs are slightly flattened and used for swimming. The mouth parts consist of a stout syringe-like rostrum or beak and long piercing stylets that were once mandibles and maxillae. They also have retractable strap-like appendages that allow for snorkeling while underwater which are located on the posterier end of the abdomen. They have large eyes, but lack oceli, which are small light-detecting sensory organs.
Habitat and ecology
Belostoma flumineum are commonly found in wetlands, marshes and ponds throughout North America. They live among weeds and like ponds with muddy bottoms which are good for over wintering in. Common species that B. flumineum prey upon are backswimmers, water boatmen, dragonfly nymphs, and snails. While they do not regularly participate in cannibalism they will attack smaller individuals of the same species. Reproduction in this species has 2 phases, a fall cycle and a spring cycle, where in the fall they are young breeders and in spring they are over wintered adults.
Paternal care
Belostoma flumineum females lay their eggs on the backs of their mates and from this point onward it is the males' job to care for them until they hatch in 7–14 days. Males can carry up to 100 eggs on their backs at once. Males care for their eggs by making sure the eggs get enough oxygen and protection from predators. Since the eggs are so large, they cannot stay submerged underwater and use diffusion to absorb oxygen available in the water. The males must remain at the air-water interface so that the eggs are provided with enough oxygen, this behavior is called air brooding. Brood pumping and brood stroking are another behavior males do to increase the water flow over the eggs for better oxygen access. Even though males care for the eggs, they will still discard them depending on the egg pad size, age of the male, and the presence of females. It has also been found that males with small egg pads have a temperature-dependent discard rate because cooler temperatures mark the end of breeding season; at cool temperatures, they are less likely to discard a small egg pad compared to warmer temperatures.
Research
There have been a number of studies done using this species of water bug. Food web and habitat studies have used B. flumineum as the predation pressure for tadpoles and observed the difference between vegetated areas and non vegetated areas when looking at the survival rate of tadpoles. They found that the tadpoles survived better in highly vegetated area even though those areas tended to have more predators in them. Other studies used B. flumineum as a predation pressure on snails to see if they would change their susceptibility though ontogeny, and as a stress inducer on amphibians to see if that would make them more susceptible to disease. The other main area of research done using this species was on factors that influence paternal care. Crowl and Alexander studied the potential costs of males brooding, specifically if brooding affected their ability to forage for food. They did get results that suggested that brooding males could not catch faster prey, such as small fish, as well as females or non-brooding males could and thus it does have a foraging effect. Gilg and Kruse wanted to test if reproduction decreased life span and they chose B. flumineum because both the female and male have relatively high costs of reproduction. The females require a lot of energy to make such large eggs and then the males spend energy brooding eggs and are more exposed to predators. They did find statistically significant differences between the life spans of virgin and breeding in both males and females.
References
Belostomatidae
Hemiptera of North America
Insects described in 1832
Taxa named by Thomas Say
Grand Prix scientifique de la Fondation NRJ (The Scientific Grand Prize of the Foundation NRJ) is an award conferred annually by the Foundation NRJ at the Institut de France. It is awarded in the areas of medical science, particularly neuroscience. Each year the prize has a different theme. The award has a €150,000 prize (€130,000 for laboratory research and €20,000 for the laureate).
Laureates
Winners of the prize are:
2017: Jean-Yves Delattre
2016:
2015:
2014:
2013: Massimo Zeviani
2012: Isabelle Arnulf and Mehdi Tafti
2011: Séverine Boillée and Vincent Meininger
2010: José A. Esteban and Bruno Dubois
2009: Luis Garcia-Larrea and John N. Wood
2008: Catherine Lubetzki and Anne Baron-van Vercooren
2007: and Béatrice Desgranges
2006: José-Alain Sahel
2005: Patrice Tran Ba Huy and Guy Richardson
2004: Piotr Topilko
2003: Olivier Dulac
2002: Antoine Guedeney
2001: Catherine Billard-Davou
2000: Alain Fischer
See also
List of medicine awards
References
Institut de France
Medicine awards
French science and technology awards
Awards established in 2000
Under the Yoke is a science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling, the second of four books in their alternate history series The Domination. It was first published in the United States on September 1, 1989.
Plot summary
Tanya von Shrakenberg, a Draka, establishes a plantation in the formerly-French Touraine after the Drakan subjugation of Continental Europe. Them slaves include Marya Sokolowska and Chantal Lefarge, formerly a Polish nun and a French Communist respectively. Fred Kustaa, an agent for the Alliance secret service (the OSS), is involved in the effort to keep a resistance movement alive in Europe. They smuggle weapons to guerillas in Finland, and later attempts to smuggle out the German professor Ernst Oerbach, who has vital knowledge on nuclear fusion. Marya Sokolowska is Fred's contact in this second mission. Meanwhile, Chantal is raped by Tanya's husband, and impregnated with twins. Fred attempts to flee, but fails, leading to the deaths of Fred, Marya, and Ernst. Chantal manages to escape to the United States on a submarine. In New York City, they give birth to Fred and Marya Lefarge (named after their rescuers), who would be the protagonists of the next book in the series, The Stone Dogs, and who - though biologically the children of a Draka father - would be staunch enemies of the Draka.
References
External links
1989 American novels
Novels by S. M. Stirling
The Domination series
Dystopian novels
Canadian alternative history novels
American alternate history novels
Baen Books books
Tyrannus Apostolic Church is a South African Pentecostal church founded in 2000 by Simon Mokoena.
History
The church was founded in 2000 in Qwaqwa South South Africa by Apostle Simon Mokoena and expanded to an estimated 1 million members to date.
References
African initiated churches
Christian new religious movements
Pentecostal denominations
Ikerasak Heliport is a heliport in Ikerasak, a village on an island of the same name in the Uummannaq Fjord system in Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of government contract.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.
References
Airports in the Arctic
Heliports in Greenland
Uummannaq Fjord
Hear Me Good is a 1957 American comedy film written and directed by Don McGuire. The film stars Hal March, Joe E. Ross, Merry Anders, Jean Willes, Milton Frome and Joey Faye. The film was released in October 1957, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Hal March as Marty Holland
Joe E. Ross as Max Crane
Merry Anders as Ruth Collins
Jean Willes as Rita Hall
Milton Frome as Mr. Ross
Joey Faye as Charlie Cooper
Richard Bakalyan as Hermie
Tom Duggan as TV Director
References
External links
1957 films
Paramount Pictures films
American comedy films
1957 comedy films
Films about beauty pageants
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Black and Red may refer to:
"Black and Red", a song by Avail from their 2002 album Front Porch Stories
Black and Red Press, a radical Marxist printers/publishers group that Fredy Perlman was involved with
Black n' Red, the collection of notepads and journals now owned by Oxford University
A song released in 2019 by Reignwolf
See also
Red and black (disambiguation)
Dimitrios Kalapothakis (1865 – 27 May 1921) was a Greek reporter and founder of the newspaper Empros ("Forward").
Biography
Kalapothakis was born in 1865 in Areopoli, Mani Peninsula. They abandoned their studies in the University of Athens, when Thessaly was annexed to Greece in 1881 they went to Volos where they started publishing their newspaper Simaia ("Flag"). For many years, Kalapothakis was a political columnist who openly supported Charilaos Trikoupis. After the latter's death they started publishing the Embros ("Forward") newspaper. Kalapothakis was one of the most important personalities of the Greek press as a reporter and also one of the many organisers of the Hellenic Macedonian Committee in 1904. They joined for the purpose of combatting Bulgarian influence in Macedonia and they provided guns, money and equipment to the Greek fighters. They were the leader of the committee until its final dissolution in 1908. During the National Schism they sided with the King.
During their life they also wrote many theatric plays. Kalapothakos died in Germany in May 1921 during a surgery operation.
1865 births
1921 deaths
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Greece
Greek journalists
Greek newspaper publishers (people)
Greek people of the Macedonian Struggle
Greek writers
Deaths in Germany
People from East Mani
A list of the earliest films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1930s:
Films: 1918–1990 see also List of Soviet films
1930
1931-
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
Lists of 1930s films
1930s
Films
Mount Vernon Columbarium was a columbarium complex on Mount Vernon, Singapore. Built in 1962 as a crematorium, the columbarium closed in 2018 to make way for future redevelopments in the upcoming Bidadari housing estate, with plans for a new funeral parlour complex to be completed by 2025.
History
Plans for a new crematorium in the area were first announced in 1954, which was to be built on either Mount Vernon or on Lornie Road overlooking MacRitchie Reservoir. The site on Mount Vernon was previously a multi-religious burial ground. Mount Vernon was selected as the site of the crematorium in May, and was built later that year. The crematorium, known as the Mount Vernon Crematorium, was completed in October 1962, and only had one service hall, holding around four cremations a week. Plans for a $500,000 expansion of the crematorium were announced in May 1974 due to the increasing popularity of cremation. The extension was completed in May 1975, and cost $250,000.
Plans were also made in 1974 to build a columbarium with 3,000 niches. The first phase of the project would comprise fifteen blocks, each containing 200 niches. The columbarium opened in 1976, with only 161 niches occupied in the first year. Two funeral parlours and embalming rooms were opened in April 1978 due to the lack of space for funerals in public housing estates. The complex cost $300,000 to build, and was open to people of any religion. In 1978, it cost $30 to cremate the body of a child, and $15 for the bodies of those below the age of 15. In December 1979, it was announced that all of the graves in the Tan Tock Seng Hospital burial ground would be exhumed for cremation at the crematorium.
Plans to expand the columbarium, adding five new clsuters of columbaria containing 7,920 additional niches for storing urns containing ashes were announced on 1 November 1981 by then Minister for the Environment Ong Pang Boon. The expansion had been partially completed by January 1983, with 704 more niches ready for use. The extension cost $1.1 million, and added 5,280 more niches to the columbarium. The ability for families to choose which niches they preferred was implemented on 23 December 1983, as some families considered lower niches to be "unfavourable" as they might be touched by brooms while sweeping and might attract more dust. Another extension began construction in June 1985 and ended in September, comprising two clusters of columbaria, adding 2,112 single niches. An extension, which was completed in November 1987, comprised a two-level "church-style" building and a nine-storey Chinese pagoda, and added 13,230 more niches. The pagoda mainly housed niches for Buddhists and Taoists, while the "Church-style" building mainly housed niches for Christians.
Twenty-two funeral parlours were opened in January 2004, which were equipped with multiple facilities, such as DVD machines, amplifiers, speakers, sofa sets, flat-screen TV sets, and kitchenettes. The parlours were operated by Casket Fairprice, a funeral services provider.
In February 2003, the Urban Redevelopment Authority announced that Mount Vernon Columbarium, along with Bidadari Cemetery, would be closed in 2005 to make way for future residential developments in the area. The complex would be replaced by a complex in Mandai, which would be ready in early 2004. By then, the new complex would be the only operating crematorium. In May, it was announced that the crematorium in the complex would close on 30 June 2004. The crematorium in Mandai opened on 1 July, replacing Mount Vernon as the only operating crematorium.
In September 2013, the National Environment Agency announced that the columbarium complex would be demolished to make way for future residential development in the area, as well as Bidadari Park, and would be replaced by the Mount Vernon Funeral Parlour, which was smaller in size. The columbarium was to close after all of the niches had either been relocated to either Choa Chu Kang Columbarium or the Mandai Crematorium and Columbarium. The claim and registration process for the niches began on 28 October 2015. In April 2015, the funeral parlours had their leases extended by two years. The leases were further extended to March 2018 in December 2016. On 9 January 2018, the National Environment Agency announced that the new funeral parlour would begin construction in the second half of 2021, and would be operational by 2024. The columbarium would close in September, causing there to be twenty percent fewer funeral halls available in Singapore. The completion date of the new funeral parlour complex was later delayed to 2015.
Mount Vernon Columbarium closed on 30 September 2018.
References
Columbaria in Singapore
Crematoria in Singapore
1962 establishments in Singapore
2018 disestablishments in Singapore
Paula Crespí Barriga (born 7 April 1998) is a Spanish female water polo player who won the silver medal at the 2017 World Championships in Budapest and at the 2019 World Championships in Gwangju.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Sportspeople from L'Hospitalet de Llobregat
Spanish female water polo players
World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in water polo
European Games silver medalists for Spain
FrancisFrancis! is an espresso machine manufacturer owned by Illy. It was founded in 1994 by Francesco Illy. FrancisFrancis has produced espresso machines for the home market.
The most famous model is X1, designed in 1995 by award-winning Italian architect Luca Trazzi. Mr. Trazzi also designed some other models, including X7 and X8.
The Y1 developed in Italian studio, MM Design was awarded Red dot design award best of the best in 2011.
In 2004 the company was purchased by Illy, since then, FrancisFrancis! became the espresso machines of choice for Illy, always associated with the coffee brand. The Francis Francis! espresso makers were one of the first to feature the option for the E.S.E. pods.
In 2009 an X7 model was introduced which uses illy's iperespresso capsules. In 2011, this machine was upgraded to the X7.1.
Revisions
The X2 had at least 3 revisions. The faceplate, the buttons and the dials change for each.
X2
2 boilers, 2 steam nozzles (each boiler used for Coffee and steam)
2 analog thermometers + analog clock in the center of the faceplate
2 Manual valves for steam
6 switches: (Left On/Off, Left coffee group, Left Steam, Right On/Off, Right Coffee group, Right Steam)
4 lights: (Left on/off, Left temperature pilot, Right on/off, Right temperature pilot)
Uses ESE Pods or ground coffee
X2.1 Evo:
3 boilers (1 for each coffee group + 1 for steam)
Only 2 analog thermometers on the face. (no clock)
No manual valve for steam (activated by a switch)
4 lights and 4 switches on the faceplate (On/Off, Coffee group 1, Coffee group 2, Steam)
Uses Iperespresso professional capsules. (Optional ground coffee adaptor can be purchased)
X2.?
3 boilers (1 for each coffee group + 1 for steam)
3 analog thermometers on the face. (no clock)
1 Manual valve for steam
4 lights and 4 switches on the faceplate (On/Off, Coffee group 1, Coffee group 2, Steam)
Uses Iperespresso professional capsules. (No optional ground coffee adaptor available)
Interesting facts
The red version of the X1 was inspired by the racing cars of Ferrari.
The new "ground" line of X1 (available in the UK) only support ground coffee and are not compatible with E.S.E. pods.
The X1 was used in an episode of Sex and the City involving Carrie Bradshaw getting a red X1 as a gift from Aleksandr Petrovsky.
The X1 appears on the kitchen counter of the main character's apartment in the sitcom 'Will and Grace'.
The X7.1 is now the largest selling FF line in the UK (as of April 2012)
According to Forbes magazine, the X1 is one of the best luxury espresso machines in the world.
See also
Bialetti
Cimbali
De'Longhi
Elektra (espresso machines)
Faema
Gaggia
La Marzocco
Rancilio
Saeco
List of Italian companies
References
External links
Illycaffè
Espresso machines
Coffee appliance vendors
Coffee in Italy
Manufacturing companies established in 1994
Home appliance manufacturers of Italy
Italian brands
Italian companies established in 1994
Pushkin High School is a comprehensive high school in the city of Berezniki in Perm Krai oblast, Russia. Former Russian president Boris Yeltsin was educated there.
There is also a high school by the same name in the city of Syktyvkar in Komi, Russia.
Education in Perm, Russia
Schools in Russia
Buildings and structures in Perm Krai
William Kauffman Scarborough was a professor emeritus of history at the University of Southern Mississippi. They were the Charles W. Moorman Distinguished Alumni Professor in the Humanities from 1996 to 1998.
They were an outspoken opponent of school integration and supporter of massive resistance, believing white people to be the "superior race" and black people to be "genetically inferior." They were a member of the Citizens' Councils.
Scarborough was a featured interviewee in the Stanley Nelson Jr. film Freedom Summer. Scarborough spoke at the Citadel on the subject of the secession of South Carolina.
Personal
Scarborough earned their B.A at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill in 1954. They served in the Navy 1954-56 as a gunnery officer on the USS New Jersey (BB-62). They earned their M.A. at Cornell and their doctorate at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill in 1962. They taught for a year at Northeast Louisiana University before taking employment at Southern Miss, where they remained. The records of their work, 27 feet and 8500 documents, including materials associated with the Citizens' Councils, are archived at the University of North Carolina libraries.
Scarborough died in May 2020.
Selected publications
Heritage, not hate. Let's keep the state flag
Overseer: Plantation Management in the Old South
Masters of the Big House: Elite Slaveholders of the Mid-Nineteenth-Century South
Slavery — The White Man's Burden
References
1933 births
2020 deaths
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Education segregation in Mississippi
Cornell University alumni
American white supremacists
Citizens' Councils
People from Baltimore
Lawriston was a 22-gun corvette of the French Navy.
Career
Originally a ship of the French East India Company, Lawriston was brought into service in the French Navy. They took part in the Siege of Pondicherry in 1778.
They were returned to merchant service in June 1781 at Île de France but again requisitioned in December 1781.
HMS Isis captured them on 16 February 1782, during the prelude of the Battle of Sadras. Lawriston was carrying a large part of the field artillery for the French army in the Indian Ocean, as well as two companies of the Légion de Lauzun. Them captain had decided to pray on small merchantmen, and failed to escape in time when the British appeared.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Corvettes of the French Navy
1778 ships
During the 2002–03 English football season, Derby County competed in the Football League First Division, following relegation from the FA Premier League the previous season.
Season summary
Derby were expected to make a bid for an immediate return to the Premiership, but struggled all season which resulted in manager John Gregory being sacked in March and replaced by former Ipswich Town manager George Burley, who led the team to a secure but disappointing 18th-place finish.
Kit
Derby retained the previous season's home kit, manufactured by Italian company Erreà and sponsored by Pedigree.
Final league table
Results
Derby County's score comes first
Legend
Football League First Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Transfers
In
Paul Ritchie – Manchester City, loan
Tommy Mooney – Birmingham City, loan
Nick Chadwick – Everton, loan
Out
Darryl Powell – released (later joined Birmingham City on 12 September)
Brian O'Neil – released, 27 November (later joined Preston North End)
Fiachra McArdle – released, 27 November
Deon Burton – Portsmouth, 11 December, £250,000
Mart Poom – Sunderland, 10 January, £2,500,000
Danny Higginbotham – Southampton, 31 January, £1,500,000
Bjørn Otto Bragstad – released (later joined SW Bregenz)
Horacio Carbonari – released (later joined Rosario Central)
Loan out
Deon Burton – Portsmouth, 9 August
François Grenet – Rennes, 29 August
Mart Poom – Sunderland, 15 November
Marvin Robinson – Tranmere Rovers, 29 November
Chris Riggott – Middlesbrough, 31 January
Malcolm Christie – Middlesbrough, 31 January
References
Notes
2002-03
Derby County
The power dispute of 1964 was an industrial action by electric power workers in the United Kingdom that raised fears of power cuts which were ultimately averted through negotiation with the employers.
Unions representing 128,000 manual workers demanded:
Reduction in working time from a 42- to 40-hour week;
An increase in annual paid holiday from two to three weeks;
More long-service pay;
Examination of pay rates for craftsmen and their mates.
— threatening an overtime ban and work-to-rule if the demands were not met. Their employers, represented by the Electricity Council, rejected the demands claiming that a three-year pay agreement had been put in place the previous year.
The unions involved were:
Amalgamated Engineering Union;
Electrical Trades Union;
National Union of Enginemen, Firemen, Mechanics and Electrical Workers;
National Union of General and Municipal Workers; and
Transport and General Workers Union.
The unions were under pressure to settle from the Labour Party, and were called to talks at Westminster with deputy party leader George Brown and shadow Chancellor James Callaghan who feared for the impact a dispute would have on the party's prospects in the 1964 United Kingdom general election. Talks broke down on 19 March and it was feared that supply disruptions would follow the industrial action. Further talks on 25 March failed. There were parliamentary clashes between Labour Party leader Harold Wilson and Minister of Labour Joseph Godber.
On 31 March, Godber appointed Lord Justice Pearson to chair a court of inquiry into the dispute. The inquiry reported on 15 May and found fault on both sides. The employers had been guilty of "slowness and lack of vigour" in addressing the workers' concerns, while the workers had acted "too hastily" in breaking the three-year agreement which already included a mechanism for negotiation on "status proposals". However, the inquiry recognised that the workers felt "disappointed, frustrated and exasperated". Some felt that the report contained "more platitudes than recommendations" and it suggested no compromise, exhorting the parties to renewed efforts under the existing agreement.
On 11 June, the employers conceded a pay rise that cost the industry an estimated £5 million annually (£64 million at 2003 prices) in return for improvements in efficiency, and agreed to negotiate on the remaining issues. Negotiations again broke down on 27 November and unions announces that industrial action would begin and that they would start balloting for a strike.
The dispute was called off on 30 November when the employers offered that excess hours worked would be compensated in cash if time-off in lieu was not taken within three months. The wage claim was arbitrated by the Industrial Court.
References
1964 labor disputes and strikes
1964 in the United Kingdom
Labour disputes in the United Kingdom
The Pere Marquette State Forest encompasses lands in Michigan's northern Lower Peninsula, on the western side of the state. Counties within the Pere Marquette are: Leelanau, Benzie, Grand Traverse, Kalkaska, Manistee, Wexford, Missaukee, Mason, Lake, Osceola, Oceana, Newaygo and Mecosta.
There are several trail-ways in the Pere Marquette, the longest of which are the Muncie Lake Pathway, at in length; the VASA Pathway, at ; and the Cadillac Pathway, at . The trails are well suited to biking, hiking and cross country skiing.
The North Country Trail includes within the Pere Marquette, and over in Michigan as a whole.
It is named after French explorer Jacques Marquette, who founded the first European settlement of Michigan in 1668.
External links
Cadillac Pathway Map
Michigan state forests
Protected areas of Leelanau County, Michigan
Protected areas of Benzie County, Michigan
Protected areas of Grand Traverse County, Michigan
Protected areas of Kalkaska County, Michigan
Protected areas of Manistee County, Michigan
Protected areas of Wexford County, Michigan
Protected areas of Missaukee County, Michigan
Protected areas of Mason County, Michigan
Protected areas of Lake County, Michigan
Protected areas of Osceola County, Michigan
Protected areas of Oceana County, Michigan
Protected areas of Newaygo County, Michigan
Protected areas of Mecosta County, Michigan
The SJFA West Region League One (also known as the McBookie.com West Region League One for sponsorship reasons) was a Scottish semi-professional football competition run by the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association and was the third tier of league competition for its member clubs.
The league began in 2018, when West Region clubs voted in 2017 to organise all leagues on a regionwide basis and as a result the third tier leagues Ayrshire District League and Central District League First Division merged to form a sixteen team League One. Clubs were promoted to a rebranded Championship and relegated to a regionwide League Two.
The competition was abolished in 2020 when all SJFA West Region clubs moved to join the newly-formed senior West of Scotland Football League.
Final member clubs for the 2019–20 season
Season summaries
References
2
2018 establishments in Scotland
Sport leagues established in 2018
2020 disestablishments in Scotland
Sport leagues disestablished in 2020
Defunct football leagues in Scotland
Defunct Scottish Junior Football Association leagues
The Columbus River Dragons are a professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Georgia. The team is a member of the Federal Prospects Hockey League and plays at the Columbus Civic Center.
History
In 2017, the Columbus Cottonmouths, a longtime Civic Center tenant, folded after 21 years. This left the Civic Center without a hockey tenant for the first time in its existence. Almost two years later in April 2019, the Columbus city council voted to award a five-year lease to Ignite Pro Hockey, LLC at the Civic Center. On May 21, 2019, it was announced that the Federal Prospects Hockey League (FPHL) had awarded an expansion team to Columbus, Georgia, and would be called the Columbus River Dragons. Due to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the River Dragons' inaugural season was curtailed after the team had clinched the fourth-seeded Western Division playoff position.
Due to the ongoing pandemic, a shortened 2020–21 season was delayed until starting February 19 consisting of four teams: the Carolina Thunderbirds, Columbus River Dragons, Elmira Enforcers, and Port Huron Prowlers, with Carolina playing all games on the road. The league announced an end-of-season tournament, but it would instead be called the Ignite Cup and not the Commissioner's Cup due to the unusual season format. The Ignite Cup consists of a five-game series between the top two teams that had played at least 16 regular season games. Columbus finished with the best regular season record, qualifying to face the second-seeded Elmira Enforcers in the Ignite Cup where they won the league championship three-games-to-none.
References
External links
Official website
Federal Prospects Hockey League teams
Ice hockey clubs established in 2019
Ice hockey teams in Georgia (U.S. state)
Sports in Columbus, Georgia
2019 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Bull Thistle Cave Archaeological Site is an archaeological site on the National Register of Historic Places, located in Tazewell County, Virginia. It is a vertical shaft pit burial cave. The distribution of the skeletal remains indicates that bodies were either thrown or lowered into the cave. On the surface of the cave floor, researchers have discovered the remains of a minimum of 11 bodies. Based on an artifact recovered from the site, it is estimated that the cave was used for burials between 1300 and 1600 AD.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Tazewell County, Virginia
Landforms of Tazewell County, Virginia
Religion
Caves of Virginia
Paleoanthropological sites
Brigitte Kahn is a German-born British actor who has appeared on several television shows in the UK.
 They are well known for their part in the Star Wars film The Empire Strikes Back, where they play an originally unnamed rebel officer who was later named Toryn Farr in other Star Wars media, as one of three female characters with a speaking part in the original Star Wars trilogy other than Princess Leia herself.
Kahn played Dagmar in Auf Wiedersehen, Pet. Other TV credits include: Secret Army, The Sandbaggers, The Gentle Touch, The Professionals, C.A.T.S. Eyes, Taggart, The Bill and The New Statesman.
They starred as the German Baroness in the film The Remains of the Day.
They played Hippolyta in the Royal Shakespeare Company 1989 production A Midsummer's Dream.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British television actores
German emigrants to England
Dennenloher See is a lake in Ansbach, Bavaria, Germany. It has a surface area of 20 hectares. The lake is located 14 km west of Gunzenhausen, Dennenlohe. It is the smallest body of water in the Franconian Lake District.
Neighbouring Lakes
Altmühlsee
Großer Brombachsee
Igelsbachsee
Kleiner Brombachsee
Rothsee
Hahnenkammsee
References
Lakes of Bavaria
is an unreleased Chinese-Japanese animated steampunk fantasy film directed by Fumikazu Satou. It would have been the first feature film produced by anime veteran Hiroshi Negishi's Zero-G animation studio, with that status being taken by their film adaptation of the manga series Break of Dawn. It was originally set to be released by AEON Entertainment on February 7, 2020, but due to production issues, the film has been removed from the 2020 release schedule. Jewelpet Attack Travel!, a short film based on Sanrio's Jewelpet franchise and directed by Negishi for Ashi Productions, was set to be attached to it;, and was later rescheduled for release as an original net animation on May 14, 2022 in a livestream on Niconico Live. During that livestream, it was confirmed that the film would not be released at any point in the foreseeable future.
Plot
Settings
The film is set in China's Sichuan province, and is based around the ancient Sanxingdui ruins in Guanghan.
Synopsis
Thousands of years ago, a large civilization existed deep underground. There, an artificial sun called “skylight” brought light to its people. In ancient times, the “Masked King” Sheargan appeared, sealed the "Kukuri" that plagued the underground world, and turned on the skylight to release people from the darkness. Sheargan was worshiped as a savior and became an absolute being. Serving the Sheargan and managing the skylight is a family whose mission is to illuminate the dark. Siblings Lilyn and Sauda are searching for the fuel for the skylight, "Raige", as it is getting less and less. While doing so, Lilyn meets a man names Masala, who resides in a village where the skylight has been turned off after angering Sheargan. While working with Masala, Lilyn and Sauda get to know the existence of a world that they had not seen. The story will change the fate of the brother and sister, as well as the underground world.
Voice cast
References
External links
2020s unfinished films
Chinese animated films
Films set in Sichuan
Films impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
Japanese fantasy adventure films
Steampunk anime and manga
Zero-G (studio)
Japanese animated films
Unreleased films
Benedikt Fernandez (born 8 January 1985) is a German football goalkeeper.
Club career
Born in Bonn, Fernandez joined Bayer Leverkusen's youth academy in 2000 and started playing for the club's reserve team in 2005. In 2006, they signed a professional contract with the club to play understudy to Hans-Jörg Butt and René Adler. They made their Bundesliga debut on 10 February 2007 against Eintracht Frankfurt, coming on as a substitute following a red card to Hans-Jörg Butt. They made one more appearance in the Bundesliga that season before being replaced by René Adler, who went on to establish themselves as the club's first-choice goalkeeper.
Following the departure of Hans-Jörg Butt in the summer of 2007, Fernandez became the second-choice goalkeeper in Leverkusen's first team, also continuing to occasionally play for the reserves. Their first appearance for the first team in the 2007–08 season was their UEFA Cup debut against FC Zürich on 19 December 2007. They only made two further appearances with the first team thereafter, one in the Bundesliga and one in the UEFA Cup, deputising for the injured Adler in late February 2008.
Due to another injury to Adler, Leverkusen started their 2008–09 Bundesliga campaign with Fernandez in goal, with them subsequently making further three Bundesliga appearances before Adler returned to action in mid-September 2008. At the end of the 2010–11 season, they left Bayer Leverkusen. After a year without a club, they signed for 1. FC Saarbrücken in 2012.
Personal life
Fernandez is of Spanish descent through their father.
Career statistics
1.Includes Promotion Playoff.
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Sportspeople from Bonn
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
German people of Spanish descent
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen II players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Sportfreunde Lotte players
Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Sils im Domleschg (Romansh: Seglias) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
History
Sils im Domleschg is first mentioned in 1149 as de Sillas.
Geography
Sils im Domleschg has an area, (as of the 2004/09 survey) of . Of this area, about 14.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 70.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 8.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and 6.9% is unproductive land.
In the 2004/09 survey a total of or about 3.8% of the total area was covered with buildings, an increase of over the 1984/85 amount. Of the agricultural land, is used for orchards and vineyards, is fields and grasslands and consists of alpine grazing areas. Since 1984/85 the amount of agricultural land has decreased by . Over the same time period the amount of forested land has increased by . Rivers and lakes cover in the municipality.
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a linear village between the Albula and Hinterrhein rivers. It consists of the village of Sils im Domleschg and the hamlets of Freihof, Campi and Albula.
Demographics
Sils im Domleschg has a population () of . , 16.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. In 2015 a small minority (50 or 5.4% of the population) was born in Portugal. Over the last 4 years (2010-2014) the population has changed at a rate of 5.60%. The birth rate in the municipality, in 2014, was 11.0, while the death rate was 5.5 per thousand residents.
, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 21.5% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) are 58.1% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 20.3%. In 2015 there were 365 single residents, 444 people who were married or in a civil partnership, 50 widows or widowers and 68 divorced residents.
In 2014 there were 387 private households in Sils im Domleschg with an average household size of 2.36 persons. Of the 214 inhabited buildings in the municipality, in 2000, about 50.0% were single family homes and 32.7% were multiple family buildings. Additionally, about 28.0% of the buildings were built before 1919, while 15.9% were built between 1991 and 2000. In 2013 the rate of construction of new housing units per 1000 residents was 7.82. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 2.37%.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (86.8%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common (3.3%) and Italian being third (2.8%).
Heritage sites of national significance
Ehrenfels Castle, Carschenna (pre-historic petroglyphs), the ruins of Hohenrätien Castle and the ruins of Campell or Campi Castle are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Politics
In the 2015 federal election the most popular party was the SVP with 35.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the BDP (20.1%), the SP (15.1%) and the FDP (12.7%). In the federal election, a total of 287 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.9%. The 2015 election saw a large change in the voting when compared to 2011. The percentage of the vote received by the SVP increased from 27.8% in 2011 to 35.8% in 2015, while the percentage that the BDP dropped from 31.1% to 20.1%.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 43.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (27.4%), the FDP (19.7%) and the CVP (8.1%).
Education
In Sils im Domleschg about 73.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Economy
Sils im Domleschg is an industrial-tertiary municipality, a municipality where agriculture and manufacturing play a minor role in the economy.
, there were a total of 287 people employed in the municipality. Of these, a total of 14 people worked in 6 businesses in the primary economic sector. The secondary sector employed 160 workers in 21 separate businesses. A minority (25.6%) of the secondary sector employees worked in very small businesses. There were 5 small businesses with a total of 119 employees. Finally, the tertiary sector provided 113 jobs in 42 businesses. In 2014 a total of 7.8% of the population received social assistance.
Religion
From the , 700 or 33.0% are Roman Catholic, while 1,176 or 55.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there are 43 individuals (or about 2.03% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 13 individuals (or about 0.61% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 21 (or about 0.99% of the population) who are Muslim. There was 1 individual (or about 0.05% of the population) who belonged to another church (not listed on the census), 97 (or about 4.57% of the population) who belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 71 individuals (or about 3.35% of the population) who did not answer the question.
References
External links
Official Web site
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Events in the year 1234 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Haakon IV Haakonsson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Christina of Norway, Infanta of Castile (died 1262).
Deaths
Inga of Varteig, mother of king Haakon IV of Norway (born c. 1185)
References
Norway
Benjamin Butterworth (October 22, 1837 – January 16, 1898) was an American lawyer and politician. They served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio and Commissioner of Patents.
Biography
Butterworth was born near Maineville, Ohio, on October 22, 1837. Butterworth attended the common schools of Warren County, the academy in Maineville, and Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
"His father was a Virginia planter, who, notwithstanding their property Interests, was so devoted to the cause of universal liberty that they freed their slaves and removed with their family to Ohio. In that state, they became associated with Levi Coffin in the Underground Railroad and assisted fugitive slaves until the close of the war."
Butterworth studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1861 and commenced practice in Cincinnati, Ohio. They were appointed assistant United States district attorney in 1868, and served as member of the Ohio Senate in 1874 and 1875.
Butterworth was elected as a Republican candidate to the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1883). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1882 to the Forty-eighth Congress. They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880 and later served as regent of the Smithsonian Institution. They were appointed a commissioner of the Northern Pacific Railroad by President Arthur in 1883. They served as special Government counsel to prosecute the South Carolina election cases in 1883. Butterworth was elected to the Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1891). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Patents (Fifty-first Congress). They were not a candidate for renomination in 1890.
Butterworth shared the racist views held by some but not all members of congress of their era, calling the Chinese "a lower race of people" and declaring that allowing them to mix with whites would create at best "degrading amalgamation but no elevating and ennobling assimilation."
They were appointed secretary of the 1893 World's Fair Columbian Exposition project at Chicago during the early 1890s and was widely recognized for their role in the success of that enterprise.
Following their government service they resumed the practice of their profession in Washington, D.C. In 1896 they were appointed Commissioner of Patents and served in that capacity until their death.
Butterworth was regarded as "one of Ohio's big four politically". The quartet was William McKinley, Joseph Benson Foraker, Charlie Foster and Butterworth. They died January 16, 1898, from a severe attack of pneumonia, at Thomasville, Georgia, where they had gone for their health. They were interred in Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D.C.
References
External links
1837 births
1898 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Warren County, Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
19th-century American railroad executives
Smithsonian Institution people
Ohio Republicans
United States Commissioners of Patents
Ohio University alumni
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
Underground Railroad people
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
Activists from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Dika Mem (born 31 August 1997) is a French handball player for FC Barcelona and the French national handball team.
Mem was a late starter, learning how to play at the age of just 13. They began their career with French club Eaubonne, where they played until they were 15 years old. The following two seasons they were at Pôle Espoirs before one season at Saint Gratien. They made the jump to the handball elite at the age of 17 and in the 2015/16 season they made their debut with Tremblay. In their first season in the LNH, Mem scored 93 goals in 25 games. Prior to that, they had already tasted top competition, becoming a European champion with the U18 French National Team. Mem signed with FC Barcelona for six seasons, beginning in 2016/17.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship, where they won a gold medal with the French team.
Personal life
Their brothers are basketball players.
Individual awards
All-Star Right Back of EHF Champions League: 2021, 2022
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Handball players from Paris
French male handball players
Expatriate handball players
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
FC Barcelona Handbol players
Liga ASOBAL players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for France
Olympic medalists in handball
Nahid Shahid Ali () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
Josef Haist (31 December 1894 – 21 January 1950) was an Austrian footballer. They played in five matches for the Austria national football team from 1914 to 1917.
References
1894 births
1950 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Austrian football managers
Austrian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Switzerland
FC Basel managers
German submarine U-2321 was the first of the highly advanced Type XXIII U-boats built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in 1944 and 1945. As the first of this class, U-2321 was one of a handful of such boats to undertake an operational patrol, in March 1945. They were successful in this operation, and sank a British freighter, one of just five ships sunk by the new fully submarine (as opposed to just submersible) boats.
They were constructed as an experiment in Hamburg and their small size meant that they were completed in just four months, following which they conducted extensive trials in the Baltic Sea and off the Norwegian coast in an effort to gain an idea of the capabilities of the boat. In this duty, and through their entire life, U-2321 was commanded by Oberleutnant zur See Hans-Heinrich Barschkis. By the first few months of 1945, with the war drawing to a close, it was hoped new lessons could be learnt, and defeat potentially delayed by the insertion of some of these boats into the coastal waters of the United Kingdom. To this end, U-2321 and a few of their sisters were dispatched to the Eastern coast of Scotland.
Design
Like all Type XXIII U-boats, U-2321 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of (o/a), a beam width of (o/a), and a draught depth of . The submarine was powered by one MWM six-cylinder RS134S diesel engine providing , one AEG GU4463-8 double-acting electric motor providing , and one BBC silent running CCR188 electric motor providing .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate at for ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-2321 was fitted with two torpedo tubes in the bow. They could carry two preloaded torpedoes. The complement was 14–18 men. This class of U-boat did not carry a deck gun.
Service history
The boats were unsuccessful, largely because of the professional nature of veteran Allied naval commanders in their construction of convoys and their preparation of escorts. The North Sea proved largely barren, as most shipping was concentrated in the heavily defended English Channel, as so it was nearly a month after leaving Horten Naval Base in Norway that U-2321 scored their first and only victory, torpedoing the unescorted 1,406 GRT steamship .
Four days later, U-2321 was back in port at Kristiansand, where they were still berthed when Germany surrendered on 9 May. Sailed to Loch Ryan in Scotland, U-2321 was allowed to rust and rot, the decaying hull destroyed as a naval gunfire target on 27 November 1945 along with all the other surrendered Norwegian U-boats.
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
World War II submarines of Germany
Type XXIII submarines
Operation Deadlight
U-boats commissioned in 1944
1944 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
Ships sunk as targets
U-boats sunk in 1945
Maritime incidents in November 1945
Radical retropubic prostatectomy is a surgical procedure in which the prostate gland is removed through an incision in the abdomen (in comparison with perineal prostatectomy, done through the perineum). It is most often used to treat individuals who have early prostate cancer. Radical retropubic prostatectomy can be performed under general, spinal, or epidural anesthesia and requires blood transfusion less than one-fifth of the time. Radical retropubic prostatectomy is associated with complications such as urinary incontinence and impotence, but these outcomes are related to a combination of individual patient anatomy, surgical technique, and the experience and skill of the surgeon.
Description
Radical retropubic prostatectomy was developed in 1945 by Terence Millin at the All Saints Hospital in London. The procedure was brought to the United States by one of Millin's students, Samuel Kenneth Bacon, M.D., adjunct professor of surgery, University of Southern California, and was refined in 1982 by Patrick C. Walsh at the James Buchanan Brady Urological Institute, Johns Hopkins Medical School. It can be performed in several different ways with several possible associated procedures. The most common approach is to make an incision in the skin between the umbilicus and the top of the pubic bone. Since initial description by Walsh, technical advancements have been made, and incisional length has decreased to 8–10 cm (well below the belt-line). The pelvis is then explored and the important structures such as the urinary bladder, prostate, urethra, blood vessels, and nerves are identified.
The prostate is removed from the urethra below and the bladder above, and the bladder and urethra are reconnected. The blood vessels leading to and from the prostate are divided and tied off. Recovery typically is rapid; individuals are usually able to walk and eat within 24 hours after surgery. A catheter running through the penis into the bladder is typically required for at least a week after surgery. A surgical drain is often left in the pelvis for several days to allow drainage of blood and other fluid. Additional components of the operation may include:
Lymphadenectomy—Prostate cancer often spreads to nearby lymph nodes in the early stages, especially the sentinel lymph node. Removal of select lymph nodes in the pelvis allows microscopic evaluation for evidence of cancer within these nodes. A complication called lymphocele may occur from drainage of the lymphatic fluid, especially if more pelvic lymph nodes are removed. If cancer is found in the lymph nodes, different therapies may be offered.
Nerve-sparing surgery—Select individuals will be eligible for nerve-sparing surgery. Nerve-sparing surgery attempts to protect the cavernous nerves of penis, which control erection. These nerves are very thin and fragile and run next to the prostate and may be destroyed during surgery, leading to impotence. If the cancer is clinically unlikely to have spread beyond the prostate, nerve-sparing surgery should be offered to minimize impotency and to speed up urinary control.
An intraoperative electrical stimulation penile plethysmograph may be applied to assist the surgeon in identifying the difficult to see nerves.
Indications
Radical retropubic prostatectomy is typically performed in men who have early stage prostate cancer. Early stage prostate cancer is confined to the prostate gland and has not yet spread beyond the prostate or to other parts of the body. Attempts are made prior to surgery, through medical tests such as bone scans, computed tomography (CT), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), to identify cancer outside of the prostate. Radical retropubic prostatectomy may also be used if prostate cancer has failed to respond to radiation therapy, but the risk of urinary incontinence is substantial.
Complications
The most common serious complications of radical retropubic prostatectomy are loss of urinary control and impotence. As many as 40% of men undergoing prostatectomy may be left with some degree of urinary incontinence, usually in the form of leakage with sneezing, etc. (stress incontinence) but this is highly surgeon-dependent. Continence and potency may improve depending on the amount of trauma and the patient's age at the time of the procedure, but progress is frequently slow. Doctors usually allow up to 1 year for recovery between offering medical or surgical treatment. Potency is greatly affected by the psychological attitude of the patient.
Impotence is common when nerve-sparing techniques are not used. Although erection and ejaculation are affected, penile sensation and the ability to achieve orgasm remain intact. Therefore, use of medications such as sildenafil (Viagra), vardenafil (Levitra), or tadalafil (Cialis) may restore some degree of potency when the cavernous nerves remain functioning. Other non-pharmacological treatment options include vacuum constriction devices and penile implants. The sensation of orgasm may be altered and no semen is produced, but there may be a few drops of fluid from the bulbourethral glands. Couples counseling focusing on the changes may be effective in restoring potency or maintaining a satisfactory mating relationship if impotence continues. Erectile dysfunction outcomes can be predicted by intraoperative cavernous nerve electrical stimulation with a penile plethysmograph. The results aid in managing additional therapeutic options earlier.
Stress incontinence after prostatectomy can be secondary to the damage sustained by the urethral sphincter, leading for its incomplete closure. Increase in intra-abdominal pressure, like when a person sneezes, coughs, or laughs, may lead to urine leakage. Several treatments are available to treat post-prostatectomy incontinence. Conservative therapy includes Kegel exercises, lifestyle changes, bladder training, using absorbent pads, penile clamps, and other simple measures. If conservative treatment fails, patients can be offered surgical treatment. Surgery includes the insertion of male urethral slings or an artificial urinary sphincter. Artificial urinary sphincters are the gold standard of care in moderate to severe post-prostatectomy incontinence.
Even though the complications of prostate surgery can be bothersome, treatments are available, and patients should seek guidance from their physician instead of ignoring the problem.
References
Klein, EA, Jhaveri, F, Licht, M. Contemporary technique of radical prostatectomy. In: Management of Prostate Cancer, Klein, EA (Ed), Humana Press, New Jersey, 2000
Millin T. Retropubic prostatectomy a new extravesical technique report, The Lancet 1945, Volume 246, Issue 6379, Pages 693–696.
Walsh PC, Donker PJ. Impotence following radical prostatectomy: insight into etiology and prevention. J Urol 1982;128(3):492–497.
Male genital surgery
Prostatic procedures
Eva Byszio (born 25 May 1993) is a German ice hockey player for ERC Ingolstadt and the German national team. They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
1993 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey forwards
PERCS (Productive, Easy-to-use, Reliable Computing System) is IBM's answer to DARPA's High Productivity Computing Systems (HPCS) initiative. The program resulted in commercial development and deployment of the Power 775, a supercomputer design with extremely high performance ratios in fabric and memory bandwidth, as well as very high performance density and power efficiency.
IBM officially announced the Power 775 on July 12, 2011 and started to ship systems in August 2011.
Background
The HPCS program was a three phase research and development effort. IBM was one of three companies, along with Cray and Sun Microsystems, that received the HPCS grant for Phase II. In this phase, IBM collaborated with a consortium of 12 universities and the Los Alamos National Lab to pursue an adaptable computing system with the goal of commercial viability of new chip technology, new computer architecture, operating systems, compiler and programming environments.
IBM was chosen for Phase III in November 2006, and granted $244 million in funds for continuing development of PERCS technology and delivering prototype systems by 2010.
Deployment
The first supercomputer using PERCS technology was intended to be the Blue Waters system, however the high costs and complexity of the system resulted in its contract being canceled. The machine was subsequently delivered by Cray Inc, using a combination of GPUs and CPUs for processing, and a network with reduced global bandwidth capabilities.
Power775 / PERCS systems were subsequently deployed at roughly two dozen institutions in the U.S. and other countries, in installations ranging from 2,000 to over 64,000 Power7 processing cores. Major deployments have been for network-intensive and memory-intensive applications (as opposed to FLOPS-intensive), such as weather & climate modeling (ECMWF, UKMO, Environment Canada, Japan Meteorological Agency), and scientific research (University of Warsaw, Slovak Academy of Sciences, and several other government laboratories in the U.S., and other countries).
Technology
PERCS will use IBM's large-scale technologies from servers and supercomputers like the POWER7 microprocessor, AIX operating system, X10 programming language and General Parallel File System.
Power 775
Sometimes known as the POWER7-IH or P7-IH, the Power 775 is the commercial product that was developed by PERCS as a part of IBM Power Systems line. The Power 775 was released by IBM in 2011 as a commercial product after IBM ended its participation in the Blue Waters petaflops project at the University of Illinois, but marketed the 775 based on the growth of its high-performance computing business.
Unlike the IBM Blue Gene series, which uses low-power processors to avoid heat-density issues, the Power 775 was a water-cooled rack-module system, and each module was 34 inches wide, 54 inches deep and 3.5 inches high (2U).
Each drawer comprises 8 cache coherent nodes (each of which can host single one or more O/S images) with a MCM with four POWER7 CPUs each, and 16 DDR3 SDRAM slots per MCM for a total of 256 POWER7 cores and 2 TB RAM. Each drawer has 8 optical connect controller hub chips, connecting neighboring MCMs, PCIe peripherals and other compute nodes in a dragonfly network topology. One rack can house up to a dozen Power 775 drawers for a total performance of 96 TFLOPS.
The system supports up to 24 terabytes of memory and 230 terabytes of storage per rack. It is estimated to achieve over 94 teraflops per rack.
See also
High Productivity Computing Systems
DARPA
IBM Watson - built on a similar (Power 750) air-cooled platform
References
External links
Power 775 product page
IBM wins DARPA funding – IBM.com
High Productivity Computing Systems (HPCS) – DARPA.mil
IBM supercomputer platforms
Parallel computing
Field Marshal Sir George Howard KB, PC (17 June 1718 – 16 July 1796) was a British military officer and politician. After commanding the 3rd Regiment of Foot at the Battle of Fontenoy in May 1745 during the War of the Austrian Succession and after commanding that regiment again at the Battle of Falkirk Muir and the Battle of Culloden during the Jacobite Rebellion, they returned to the continent and fought at the Battle of Lauffeld. They went on to command a brigade at the Battle of Warburg during the Seven Years' War. They subsequently became the Governor of Minorca.
Military career
Born the son of Lieutenant General Thomas Howard and their wife Mary Howard (née Moreton, daughter of William Moreton, Bishop of Meath), Howard was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford and was commissioned as a lieutenant in their father's regiment (later the 24th Regiment of Foot) in 1736. They were promoted to captain in 1737 and transferred to the 3rd Regiment of Foot in 1739. Promoted to lieutenant colonel on 2 April 1744, they commanded the 3rd Regiment of Foot at the Battle of Fontenoy in May 1745 during the War of the Austrian Succession.
Howard commanded the 3rd Regiment of Foot again, under the Duke of Cumberland, at the Battle of Falkirk Muir in January 1746 and the Battle of Culloden in April 1746 during the Jacobite Rebellion and was accused of treating the defeated highlanders unduly harshly. They then returned to the continent and fought at the Battle of Lauffeld in July 1747. They succeeded their father as colonel of the 3rd Regiment of Foot in August 1749. They went on to take part in the Raid on Rochefort in September 1757 and, having been promoted to major-general on 24 January 1758, they commanded a brigade, under the Marquess of Granby, at the Battle of Warburg in July 1760 during the Seven Years' War. They were promoted to lieutenant-general on 14 March 1761.
Howard became Member of Parliament (MP) for Lostwithiel in 1761 and, having been appointed a Knight Companion of the Bath in early 1763, they became colonel of the 7th (The Queen's Own) Regiment of Dragoons in August 1763. They acquired Stoke Place in Buckinghamshire for use as a country home in 1764.
Howard stood down from Parliament and became Governor of Minorca in 1766. After retiring as Governor of Minorca, they became governor of the Royal Hospital Chelsea in February 1768 and was elected as Member of Parliament for Stamford that same year.
Promoted to full general on 6 September 1777, Howard became colonel of the 1st (The King's) Dragoon Guards in April 1779. They were promoted to field marshal on 18 October 1793 and appointed to the honorary post of Governor of Jersey in July 1795. They died at their London home in Grosvenor Square on 16 July 1796 and was buried at Great Bookham in Surrey.
Family
On 16 February 1747–8, Howard married Lady Lucy Wentworth (sister of William Wentworth, Earl of Strafford), under licence from the Bishop of London, at the King Street Chapel in St James's, Westminster: they had one daughter Anne. After the death of their first wife, Howard married Elizabeth Beckford, the widow of Thomas Howard, 2nd Earl of Effingham; there were no children by the second marriage.
References
Sources
|-
|-
1718 births
1796 deaths
George
1st King's Dragoon Guards officers
7th Queen's Own Hussars officers
British field marshals
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment) officers
Knights Companion of the Order of the Bath
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
British MPs 1790–1796
British MPs 1796–1800
Governors of Jersey
Psylliodes is a large genus of flea beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are about 200 described species worldwide.
Selected species
Psylliodes affinis (Paykull, 1799) (potato flea beetle)
Psylliodes chalcomera (Illiger, 1807)
Psylliodes chrysocephala (Linnaeus, 1758) (cabbage stem flea beetle)
Psylliodes convexior J. L. LeConte, 1857 (hop flea beetle)
Psylliodes credens Fall, 1933
Psylliodes cucullatus (Illiger, 1807)
Psylliodes elegans Horn, 1889
Psylliodes guatemalensis Jacoby, 1885
Psylliodes luteolus (Müller, 1776)
Psylliodes napi (Fabricius, 1792)
Psylliodes picinus (Marsham, 1802)
Psylliodes punctulatus F. E. Melsheimer, 1847 (hop flea beetle)
Psylliodes sublaevis Horn, 1889
Psylliodes verisimilis Fall, 1933
Gallery
References
Alticini
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by Pierre André Latreille
Transtek Systems is a business software firm in the Middle East. Transtek System's flagship product is Compass ERP, a dual language (English-Arabic) Enterprise Resource Planning system. According to the major Arab daily Al-Hayat, Compass ERP was the local alternative in Syria after US economic sanctions prohibited major international technology and ERP vendors to sell their products in Syria. Transtek System's Compass ERP package has an estimated 80% marketshare, also due to lack of competition. Another product that filled a gap created by sanctions was Compass AML, the first anti-money laundering system produced in the Arab World.
Transtek System's CEO Abdulsalam Haykal was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2009.
References
ERP software companies
Companies of Syria
Companies based in Damascus
Software companies established in 2000
Syrian brands
Stefano Torrisi (; born 7 May 1971) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Born in Ravenna, Torrisi played for Italian clubs Modena, Ravenna Calcio, Reggiana, Torino, Bologna, Reggina, and Parma throughout their career, and also had spells in Spain and France with Atlético Madrid and Marseille respectively. During their time with Reggiana they were briefly sold to Milan in the summer of 1994, but only featured in friendly matches for the club before being sold to Torino in June.
International career
Along with two other debutants, Giampiero Maini and Eusebio Di Francesco, Torrisi was named in Italy's squad for 1997 Tournoi de France under manager Cesare Maldini. At the tournament they made their first and only appearance for the national team in a 2–2 draw with France.
Style of play
Torrisi was a versatile and reliable defender, who was capable of playing both as a sweeper (a position which they occupied in their early career) and as a centre-back (a position in which they played in their later career), due to their good technique and ability in the air.
After retirement
Following their retirement, Torrisi worked as a pundit and later also played amateur football with Loops Ribelle in the Prima Categoria, winning the division title. They subsequently took part in an over-40 Senior Tour tennis tournament in Turkey. As of 2022, Torrisi runs a scouting agency in Prague.
Honours
Modena
Serie C1: 1989–90
Ravenna
Serie C2: 1991–92
Serie C1: 1992–93
Bologna
Serie B: 1995–96
Parma
Supercoppa Italiana: 1999
References
External links
Stefano Torrisi at Weltfussball.de
1971 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Modena F.C. players
Ravenna F.C. players
Reggina 1914 players
Torino F.C. players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Atlético Madrid footballers
La Liga players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Olympique de Marseille players
Ligue 1 players
Italian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Association football defenders
Italian expatriate sportspeople in France
Italian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Zoran Milinković may refer to:
Zoran Milinković (footballer) (born 1968), Serbian football manager and former player
Zoran Milinković (politician) (born 1956), member of Serbian Diaspora living in Paris
David Fergusson or Ferguson (-1598) was a Scottish reformer and minister of the Church of Scotland. They twice served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland: 1573 and 1578.
 They are said to have been a native of Dundee, though this is not certain. The date of their birth is also conjectural. Spottiswood believed it to be about 1533, while Wodrow suggests ten, or even twenty years earlier, and David Laing thought it could not have been later than 1525. Ferguson was a glover to trade, and though they never attended a university they had a good knowledge of classical languages and had given much study to divinity. They were nominated to Dunfermline on 19 July 1560. They had Rosyth under their care in 1567, and in 1574 Carnock and Beath, Rosyth being excluded. They were a member of thirty-nine General Assemblies – from 25 June 1563 to 10May 1597, and in two of these, 6 March 1572 and 24 October 1578, they were Moderator. They had a place on all the important committees of the Church, and assisted the Moderator in arranging the business of the Assemblies – a position analogous to a modern Convener of the Business Committee. They were one of the ministers who attended the Regent Earl of Morton at their execution on 2 June 1581. In 1576, and again in 1582, they were appointed Visitor or Commissioner for various districts in establishing kirks and settling ministers. They were frequently selected as intermediary when the Assembly wished to communicate matters of importance to the King, and they did not hesitate to admonish King James "to beware of innovations in Court, to try reports before credit was given to them, and to put them in remembrance of Holt, the English Jesuit." "He jocularly said that Fergus was the first King of Scotland, and that they were Fergus - son; but, recognising that King James had the possession, and was 'an honest man,' they would give them their right." By their tact and ready wit they were able to calm the more turbulent spirits, and upon one occasion they so effected a conciliation that when the ministers departed the King "laid their hands [shook hands] upon every one of them." At a meeting of Synod at Cupar in February 1597–8, Ferguson (then the oldest minister in Scotland) strongly opposed a proposal for giving ministers a vote in parliament, comparing it to a "busking up of the brave horse for the overthrow of Troy". They died Father of the Church on 23 August 1598.  They are described as "a good preacher, wise, and of jocund and pleasant disposition". They had a remarkable knowledge of the Scottish vernacular, and many of their sayings lingered long in the speech of the people. A portrait of them painted on timber in a small oval, and presented by John Row to the University Library, Edinburgh, cannot now be traced.
Life
Their date of birth is debated, and they are reputed to have been a native of Dundee. Robert Wodrow states that they were by trade a glover, but gave up business and went to school, in order to fit themselves for the duties of a preacher or expounder among the reformers. The Scottish doctor of the Sorbonne James Laing sneered at them as an ignorant cobbler (sutor) and glover. They were well acquainted both with Latin and Greek, and was among the earliest of the preachers of the reformed doctrines.
When the first appointment was made of ministers or superintendents for places in Scotland, they were selected to go to Dunfermline; in 1567 Rosyth was placed under their care, but in 1574 it was excluded, while Cumnock and Beith were added. Ferguson was chosen moderator of the general assembly which met at Edinburgh on 6 March 1573, and also of that which met on 24 Oct. 1578. They usually had a place on important commissions, and for many years was chosen one of the assessors to the moderator to prepare matters for the assembly.
They were one of the ministers who waited on James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton before their execution, 2 June 1581. In 1582 they were appointed by the assembly a commissioner for the West of Fife, to superintend the establishment of kirks and placing of ministers. Ferguson formed one of a deputation to wait on James VI in 1583 to discharge the duty of admonishing them 'to beware of innovations in court', to check reports before credit was given to them, and remind them of the affair of the escaped Jesuit, William Holt. They jocularly told the king that Fergus was the first king of Scotland, and that they were Fergus-son; but recognising that King James had the possession and was an honest man they would give them their right. In the discussion warmth was displayed by some of the deputies, but Ferguson succeeded in giving a new turn to the topics at critical points, the result being that as they took their leave 'the king laid their hands upon every one of them.' In August of the same year Ferguson and six other ministers were cited by the king to attend a convention at St Andrews to answer for certain proceedings of the assembly.
On 12 May 1596, on the renewal of the covenant by the synod of Fife at Dunfermline, Ferguson gave an address, with reminiscences of their experiences of the early reform period. At a meeting of the synod of Fife, held at Cupar in February 1598, in regard to a proposal to give ministers a vote in parliament, Ferguson, the eldest minister at that time in Scotland, after relating pat difficulties of the church in contending against efforts to introduce episcopacy, opposed the proposal, which they compared to the 'busking up of the brave horse' for the overthrow of Troy. They died 13 August 1598.
Their position as minister of Dunfermline was filled by John Fairfoul who translated from Aberdour to the east.
Works
In 1563 Ferguson published a reply to René Benoît, confessor to Mary Queen of Scots. It was printed in Tracts by David Ferguson, edited by David Laing for the Bannatyne Club in 1860. On 13 January 1572 they preached a sermon before the Regent Mar at the meeting of the assembly in Leith, when a modified episcopacy was established. It protested against the alienation of the spoils of the church to the private uses of the nobility or to purposes of government, instead of their being applied to the establishment of churches and schools, and to meet the necessities of the poor; and was in vernacular Scottish. At the assembly held at Perth in August 1572 it was submitted to the revision of five ministers, all of whom gave it their approbation, after which it was printed at St. Andrews by Robert Lekprevick, the dedication to the Regent Mar bearing the date of 20 August. John Knox gave it their recommendation: 'John Knox with my dead hand but glad heart, praising God that of their mercy they leave such light to their kirk in this desolation.' It is in the volume edited by Laing.
The epithet ‘Tulchan' applied to the bishops is usually ascribed to him. They were famed for their skill in the vernacular language, which is celebrated by John Davidson, then one of the regents at St. Andrews. They made a collection of Scottish proverbs, published in 1641 under the title, 'Scottish Proverbs gathered together by David Fergusone, sometime minister at Dunfermline, and put ordine alphabetico when they departed this life anno 1598.' Other editions appeared in 1659, 1675, 1699, and 1706, the latter bearing the title, 'Nine Hundred and Forty Scottish Proverbs, the greater part of which were first gathered together by David Ferguson, the rest since added.' The James Carmichaell collection of proverbs in Scots was published by Edinburgh University in 1957 which includes some proverbs also collected by David Ferguson.
They were also the author of 'Epithalamium Mysticum Solomonis Regis, sive analysis critico-poetica Cantici Canticorum,' Edinburgh, 1677. They left a diary containing a record of the principal ecclesiastical events of their time, which has been lost, but which probably their son-in-law, John Row (1568–1646), incorporated in their 'History.'
An Answer to ane Epistle, written by Renat Benedict, the French Doctor, Professor of God's Word (as the Translator of this Epistle calleth him), to John Knox and the rest of their Brethren, Ministers of that Word of God, made by David Feargusone, Minister of this same Word at this present Dunfermline (Edinburgh, 1563) [the only copy known to exist was presented to the University Library, Edinburgh, in 1701, by John Row, but has been reprinted in Tracts by David Fergusson, edited by David Laing, LL.D., for the Bannatyne Club in 1860]
Ane Sermon preichit befoir the Regent and Nobilitie upon a part of the Third Chapter of the Prophet Malachi, in the Kirk of Leith, etc. (St Andrews, 1572) [the only copy extant is in the Advocates' Library, Edinburgh, but it also has been reprinted in Laing's volume ; another edition by John Lee, D.D., appeared about 1828];
Scottish Proverbs : gathered together by David F. . . . and put ordine Alphabetico when they departed this Life, Anno 1598 (Edinburgh, 1641) [a copy is in the Advocates' Library, and an imperfect copy in the British Museum Library] ;
Nine Hundred and Forty Scottish Proverbs, the greatest part of which were at first gathered together by David F. (Edinburgh, 1659, 1675, 1699, 1706);
A Select Collection of Scots Poems . . . to which is added a Collection of Scots Proverbs by the Rev. David F. (Edinburgh, 1777, 1785);
A Collection of English Proverbs . . . whereunto are added Local Proverbs . . . and Scottish Proverbs [the latter consisting of 38 pages, are acknowledged in the Preface to be Fergusson's Collection] (Cambridge, 1670, 1678; London, 1737, 1768, 1817). [The volume entitled Epithalamium Mysticum Solomonis Regis (Edinburgh, 1677) has been wrongly ascribed to David Ferguson It is the work of another David Ferguson of Kirkcaldy, who lived a century later.] They left a Diary containing a record of the chief ecclesiastical events of their time, which is believed to be the basis of their son-in-law John Row's History.
Family
For a fuller account of Ferguson's descendants see the introduction to Tracts.
They married Isobel Durham, and had issue —
Margaret, baptised 31 May 1562 (married David Spens, minister of Kirkcaldy) ;
William, physician, Dundee, baptised 10 September 1564, died 25 March 1627;
Patrick, baptised 23 June 1566;
Robert, baptised 3 October 1568;
Janet, baptised 24 September 1570 (married April 1598, David Ramsay);
David, baptised 21 January 1572–3;
John, baptised 19 May 1574 ;
Grisel, baptised 15 February 1575–6 (married John Row, minister of Carnock) ;
Isobel, baptised 24 February 1579–80.
Bibliography
Calderwood's Hist., ii. 11, iii. 618, 717–19, v. 435, 681
Row's Hist.
Wodrow's Analecta, 120
Laing's Introduction to Tracts (1860)
Reg. Assig.
M'Crie's Knox
Fernie's Dunfermline
Henderson's Proverbs
Reg. of Deeds, xxix.
James Melville's Diary, 236, 288
Thomson's Dundee
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
Attribution
16th-century births
1598 deaths
16th-century Scottish people
17th-century Scottish people
People from Dundee
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Muscari macrocarpum is a perennial bulbous flowering plant in the asparagus family Asparagaceae. It is one of a number of species known as Grape Hyacinth, in this case Yellow Grape Hyacinth. Originally from eastern Crete, Amorgos and south-west Turkey, where it grows in rocky places, it is sometimes grown as an ornamental plant.
M. macrocarpum resembles M. racemosum (with which it has been placed in the Muscarimia group of the genus Muscari). It is a robust plant, with large bulbs which have thick fleshy roots. Each bulb produces several greyish-green leaves. Flowers are borne in a spike or raceme on a stem 10–15 cm high. Individual flowers are may be over 1 cm long, violet in bud and yellow when fully open; they have a distinct scent resembling bananas. Cultivars include 'Golden Fragrance'.
References
macrocarpum
Plants described in 1827
Hiraide, Hirade (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese ski mountaineer and mountain climber
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese writer, poet and lawyer
, Japanese poet and critic
Japanese-language surnames
Alvin Stanley Schwartz (November 17, 1916 – October 28, 2011) was an American comic book writer best known for their Batman and Superman stories. They were also a novelist, poet, and essayist.
Biography
Early life and career
Alvin Schwartz debuted in comics with an issue of Fairy Tale Parade in 1939. They then wrote extensively for Sheldon Mayer at All-American Publications and then for National Comics, two of the three companies which merged to form DC Comics.
Golden Age of comics books
Schwartz wrote their first Batman story in 1942, expanding into the Batman newspaper comic strip in August 1944 and the Superman strip two months later. Through 1952, they scripted for most of the company's newspaper strips. For rival Fawcett Comics, they wrote stories for Superman's chief competitor Captain Marvel.
1950s
Until ending their association with DC in 1958, Schwartz contributed comic-book scripts for such superheroes as Aquaman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, Green Lantern, the Newsboy Legion, Vigilante, Slam Bradley, and Tomahawk. They also wrote comic books such as A Date With Judy, Buzzy, and House of Mystery. Among Schwartz's contributions to Superman was writing the first tale of Bizarro, denizen of an opposite, interdimensional world where "hello" means "goodbye", and citizens do good by doing bad. They wrote World's Finest Comics #71 (July 1954), the issue which began featuring Superman and Batman in the same story together.
Schwartz left DC after clashing repeatedly with the new Superman-line editor Mort Weisinger.
Corporate work
After leaving DC, Schwartz went into corporate market research and helped develop such techniques as psychographics and typological identification. As research director for Dr. Ernst Dichter's Institute for Motivational Research, they provided structural and marketing advice to corporations such as General Motors and General Foods. They later joined the advisory committee of the American Association of Advertising Agencies.
Other writing
Schwartz wrote three novels for Arco Press, one of which, the detective story Sword of Desire, won praise for its takeoff on Wilhelm Reich's orgone therapy, a popular psychotherapeutic technique used during the 1940s and 1950s. Their proto-Beat novel The Blowtop was published by Dial Press in 1948. Under the title Le Cinglé, it became a best-seller in France.
In 1968, Schwartz moved to Canada, where they wrote documentaries and docudramas for the National Film Board of Canada for nearly 20 years, and created several economic and social studies for the Government of Canada. Additionally, Schwartz wrote and lectured on superheroes, and received a Canada Council Grant for a study on religious symbolism in popular culture, using Superman as a springboard.
Later life and career
In 1997, Schwartz published an autobiography titled An Unlikely Prophet. In it, they wrote that Superman had attained the status of a tulpa, an entity that according to Buddhist beliefs attains reality solely by the act of imagination. Schwartz claimed they had actually met the superhero in a New York cab. In the mid-2000s, Schwartz wrote a weekly web column.
Schwartz and their wife lived in the rural village of Chesterville near Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They died in 2011 of heart-related complications.
Awards
Schwartz and writer-editor Harvey Kurtzman were awarded the 2006 Bill Finger Award for Excellence in Comic Book Writing.
Bibliography
The Blowtop (1948)
Sword of Desire (Arco 1952) under pseudonym Robert W. Tracy
An Unlikely Prophet (1997)
A Gathering of Selves (2006)
References
After the Golden Age, a column by Alvin Schwartz for World Famous Comics
Official Message Board
About Alvin Schwartz
"News from Me" (column) by Mark Evanier: "This Year's Bill Finger Award"
Bill Finger Award winners
1916 births
2011 deaths
American expatriates in Canada
Jewish American writers
The Council of People's Ministers of Ukraine () was the main executive institution of the Ukrainian People's Republic. Its duties and functions were outlined in the Chapter V of the Constitution of the Ukrainian People's Republic.
It was reorganized out of the General Secretariat of Ukraine upon the proclamation of the 4th Universal and Independence on January 25, 1918 after the return of the Ukrainian delegation from the preliminary peace talks from Brest-Litovsk. At the preliminary talks in Brest, Ukraine was recognized as an equal-rightful participant and was scheduled to finalized the treaty on February 9, 1918. Until the end of the month January 1918 the member of the former General Secretariat continued to serve as full pledged ministers.
Scope
The composition of the council was determined by agreement among the major parties (coalition) and confirming by the plenum of Central Council of Ukraine. The list of proposed members was petitioned by the chairperson of the Central Council, Mykhailo Hrushevsky.
Initial composition
The former members of secretariat continued to serve now as ministers. The major changes was no introduction of the Ministry of Agrarian Affairs and the former secretary of Food Supply Kovalevsky was replaced by Dmytro Koliukh (unaffiliated). Also the Commissioner to the Russian Government was abandoned as well.
Deputy-Chairman: Ivan Kraskovsky (UPSF), Oleksandr Karpynsk, and L.Abramovych.
The initial coalition was composed Esdeks, SRs, Federalists, and national minorities, however by the end of January a crisis has developed between Esdeks and SRs as the Bolshevik forces of the Soviet Russia were quickly advancing towards Kiev, while the Kiev Bolshevik faction instigated another disorder. Rada issued a note of non-confidence in Vynnechenko's government forcing them to resign on January 30, 1918.
Cabinet of Holubovych (January 31 - April 29, 1918)
A new cabinet was composed mostly out of members of the Socialist-Revolutionary party headed by its leader Vsevolod Holubovych. Along with it a special commission was organized to the Brest-Litovsk negotiations. Holubovych's government existed for about three months. One of the major changes to the cabinet was reappointment of the Minister of Military Affairs, with which Mykola Porsh had a lot of trouble.
Right before the coup d'état (April 29) all members of the Ukrainian Party of Socialists-Federalists left the council.
On April 29 the Central Rada finally adopted its Constitution. In it the Council of People's Ministers was defined as the supreme executive power of the republic. The council was to be formed by the president of the National Assembly in consultation with Council of Starshyna and confirmed by the assembly. The members of the Council of People's Ministers were responsible individually and collectively to the National Assembly.
Council of Ministers (1918)
Hetmanate
On April 29, 1918, what is believed to be as, an anti-socialist coup d'état brought to power a conservative in their political views former Russian General, a well-respected military specialist throughout the region, an elected Hetman of the Free Cossacks Association, Pavlo Skoropadsky. The Congress of the All-Ukrainian Union of Landowners the same day proclaimed them as the Hetman of Ukraine. A well organized coup was supported by the German Armed forces Command that was stationed in the Kiev-city. The historical evaluation of the Skoropadsky's regime that lasted less than year still requires a substantial analysis and a balanced approach. Nonetheless some important milestones in the Ukrainian State Affairs were reached during that period of time.
The same day Skoropadsky issued couple edicts: Manifesto to the Entire Ukrainian Nation (author Aleksandr Paltov) and Laws concerning the Provisional State System in Ukraine. Both of those documents became a provisional constitution of the new government. All laws and reforms provided by the Central Rada and the Council of People's Ministers were abolished. All legislative and executive powers were transferred to the hetman who also was recognized as the Commander-in-Chief of the National Armed Forces. The mentioned edicts provided the Council of Ministers with the legislative and executive functions, members of which were appointed by the hetman and solely responsible to him. All decrees and orders of the hetman had to be countersigned by an otaman-minister (prime-minister) or another appropriate minister, while the hetman was to ratify all decision of the council. Civil rights were to be guaranteed within the limits of the law. A supreme court was to be created with the hetman retaining the authority to commute sentences. The name of the country was changed to the Ukrainian State ().
Vasylenko Government (April 30 - May 4, 1918)
Initially Mykola Sakhno-Ustymovych was appointed as the acting Prime-Minister, the very next day (April 30) was replaced with another Ukrainian statesman Mykola Vasylenko (Kadet) who went on to a compromise with some socialists composing the government out of moderate Ukrainian parties among which were the Ukrainian Party of Socialist-Federalists (UPSF). However UPSF did not seek to cooperate with the conservative regime of Skoropadsky and was boycotting the sessions of the council. Vasylenko who was acting Otaman-minister could not fully organize the cabinet and performed several ministerial roles as a result of that. In less than a week later their attempt was scratched as well.
On May 4 the council was replaced with the Government of Lyzohub.
First Cabinet of Lyzohub (May 4 - October 25, 1918)
On May 4 the Otaman-minister Fedir Lyzohub finally was able to compose a working government. During summer some changes were made to the original cabinet. Lyzohub's government lasted for over half a year and was one of the longest existing governments in the revolutionary period. It resigned with the start of the Ukrainian civil war and replaced by the government of Grebel.
Second Cabinet of Lyzohub (October 25 - November 14, 1918)
Pressure from the Ukrainian National Union (UNU) (Battle of Motovilivka) and witnessing that Central Powers were losing ground (Bulgaria armistice Sep.29, Ottoman Empire - Oct.30) forced the Skoropadsky's regime to start negotiations to broaden their base of support. The Union demanded eight ministerial portfolios, the convocation of a diet, end of censorship and restriction on freedom of speech. Although no compromise was found, five members of the Union agreed to join the Council of Ministers on October 25.
Gerbel's Cabinet (November 14 - December 14, 1918)
The final capitulation of the Central Powers on November 11, 1918 and withdrawal of the German-Austrian contingent from the territory of Ukraine forced Skopropadsky dramatically change their policy and on November 14, 1918 they proclaimed a federal union with the forces of non-Bolshevik Russia (Russian Republic). Fedir Lyzohub resigned from the government and the council was reorganized under the former minister of food supply Sergei Gerbel. The federation with Russian triggered a full-scale uprising which turned into a month-long warfare led by the Directorate of Ukraine.
On December 14, 1918 the Council of Ministers surrendered its powers and Skoropadsky abdicated. Several ministers were arrested, while Skoropadsky fled to Germany.
Chekhivsky's Cabinet (December 26, 1918 - February 13, 1919)
Between December 15–25 there was a stand off between the Revolutionary Committee in Kiev and the Temporary Council of State Affairs (TRZDS) in Vinnytsia. It took the couple of weeks before the new government was formed on December 26. The head of the new cabinet became Volodymyr Chekhivsky. Chekhivsky's government together with the government of Ostapenko altogether lasted for two and a half months. During this period the Ukrainian national forces were almost completely eliminated controlling a miser territory near Rivne–Brody. Both of the governments had also to deal with a series of military revolts against them and were unable to control the situation in the country. They were finally replaced with the Martos-Mazepa government that throughout summer of 1919 were in control of the Podillia territory near Kamyanets.
During this time the Ukrainian nationalists were losing their war against Bolshevik Russia and their puppet-state Ukrainian SSR. On February 5, 1919 the Ukrainian government was forced out of Kiev once again and relocated to Vinnytsia. On February 13 a new government, consisting of non-socialist members, was formed in order to convince the representatives of the Entente to provide some military support in the fight with Bolsheviks. The same day Volodymyr Vynnychenko resigned from the Directorate of Ukraine and emigrated abroad.
Ostapenko's Cabinet (February 13 - April 9, 1919)
The head of the new cabinet became Serhiy Ostapenko who quit the Ukrainian Party of Socialist Revolutionaries. Along with them left the SR party Osyp Nazaruk.
The unsuccessful dialogue with the representatives of the Entente led to dismissal of the Ostapenko's Cabinet.
See also
People's Secretariat
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Bibliography
Khrystiuk, P. Zamitky i materiially do istoriï ukraïns'koï revoliutsiï 1917–1920 rr., vol 2 (Notes and materials to the history of the Ukrainian Revolution 1917-1920, vol.2)(Vienna 1921, New York 1969)
Doroshenko, D. Istoriia Ukraïny 1917–1923 rr., vol 1: Doba Tsentral'noï Rady (History of Ukraine 1917-1923, vol.1: Times of the Central Council) (Uzhhorod 1932, New York 1954)
Pidhainy, O. The Formation of the Ukrainian Republic (Toronto–New York 1966)
Zozulia, Ia. (ed). Velyka Ukraïns'ka revoliutsiia: Kalendar istorychnykh podii za liutyi 1917 roku–berezen' 1918 roku (The Great Ukrainian Revolution: Calendar of historic activities from February 1917 to March 1918) (New York 1967)
Reshetar Jr, J. The Ukrainian Revolution, 1917–1920: A Study in Nationalism (Princeton 1952, New York 1972)
Hunczak, T. (ed). Ukraine, 1917–1921: A Study in Revolution (Cambridge, Mass 1977)
Verstiuk, V. (ed.) Ukraïns'ka Tsentral'na Rada: dokumenty i materiially v dvokh tomakh (The Ukrainian Central Council: documents and materials in two volumes) (Kiev 1996–7)
Hunczak, T. Ukraine, 1917-1921: A Study in Revolution''. Cambridge, MA, 1977.
History of Kyiv
Political history of Ukraine
Government of Ukraine
Ukraine
Council of People's Ministers
Ukrainian People's Republic
1918 in Ukraine
Mark Alexander may refer to:
Mark Alexander (politician) (1792–1883), American lawyer
Mark Alexander (cricketer) (born 1962), English cricketer
Mark Alexander (keyboardist) (born 1963), pianist currently with the Neverland Express
Mark Alexander (painter) (born 1966), British artist
Mark J. Alexander (1911–2004), U.S. Army officer and paratrooper during World War II
Mark C. Alexander, New Jersey law professor and advisor to Barack Obama's first presidential campaign
See also
Marc Alexander (disambiguation)
Margarita Sánchez De León (born ca. 1956) is a Puerto Rican minister and activist for human rights and LGBT rights.  They are a Stonewall Award laureate of the Anderson Prize Foundation.
Biography
The University of Puerto Rico awarded them a bachelor's degree in Art and Literature, while the Evangelical Seminary of Puerto Rico awarded them a master's degree in Religion. Sánchez De León also completed coursework towards a Ph.D. while a student at the Graduate Theological Foundation. In addition to Spanish, Sánchez De León speaks English and Portuguese. They served as pastor for Metropolitan Community Church congregations in San Juan, Puerto Rico, London, and currently lives in Lisbon, Portugal. Sanchez De Leon also served as Executive Director of Amnesty International, Section of Puerto Rico. They married Frida Kruijt and they are parents of twins. At the age of 42, they were a 1998 Stonewall Award laureate of the Anderson Prize Foundation.
References
Bibliography
1956 births
Living people
Amnesty International people
American human rights activists
LGBT Protestant clergy
LGBT rights activists from the United States
LGBT people from Puerto Rico
People from Lisbon
20th-century Puerto Rican women
University of Puerto Rico alumni
21st-century Puerto Rican women
American expatriates in Portugal
20th-century Protestant religious leaders
Women Christian clergy
21st-century Protestant religious leaders
Puerto Rican Protestants
Graduate Theological Foundation alumni
Women civil rights activists
The Nueva Vizcaya Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Nueva Vizcaya.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Nueva Vizcaya; unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Nueva Vizcaya is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Jose Gambito (Lakas–CMD)
References
Politics of Nueva Vizcaya
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Supplemental Mathematical Operators is a Unicode block containing various mathematical symbols, including N-ary operators, summations and integrals, intersections and unions, logical and relational operators, and subset/superset relations.
Block
Variation sequences
The Supplemental Mathematical Operators block has eight variation sequences defined for standardized variants. They use (VS01) to denote variant symbols (depending on the font):
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Supplemental Mathematical Operators block:
See also
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Phtheochroa obnubila is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Hidalgo, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1984
Phtheochroa
The Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" () is a state commemorative medal of the Russian Federation. It was established on December 21, 2013 by Presidential Decree № 931 to denote the 70th anniversary of the 1945 victory over Nazi Germany. Its award criteria were later ratified by presidential decree № 175-rp of June 4, 2014.
Medal statute
The Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" is currently awarded to soldiers and civilian employees of the Armed Forces of the USSR for participation in hostilities in the Great Patriotic War of 1941–1945, guerrillas and members of underground organisations operating in occupied territories of the USSR, persons who were awarded the medal "For Victory over Germany" or "For Victory over Japan", persons awarded for their selfless work the Medal "For Valiant Labour in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" or "For Labour Merit" or any of the "Defence" medals of the cities or regions of the USSR; to persons who worked in the period from 22 June 1941 to 9 May 1945 for no less than six months, excluding the period of work in the temporarily occupied territories; former under-age prisoners of concentration camps, ghettos and other places of detention established by the Nazis and their allies; foreign nationals from outside the Commonwealth of Independent States who fought in the national military forces in the USSR, as part of guerrilla units, underground groups, and other anti-fascist groups who have made significant contribution to victory in the Patriotic War and who were awarded state awards of the USSR or Russian Federation.
Medal description
The Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" is a 32mm in diameter silvered circular medal. Its obverse bears the relief image of the Order of the Patriotic War, between the two lower rays of the star, the numbers "1945–2015." On the reverse, the relief inscription in seven lines "70 years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945." ().
The medal is suspended by a ring through the award's suspension loop to a standard Russian pentagonal mount covered with an overlapping 24mm wide silk moiré Order of the Patriotic War ribbon bordered with 6mm wide St. George Ribbon.
Foreign recipients
The following individuals were awarded the Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945":
William D. Hahn (U.S. Navy) was awarded the Jubilee Medal for their World War II service aboard in support of the Arctic convoys. While serving aboard the USS Alabama (BB-60), Hahn was a member of the Gunnery Department, 10th Division.
North Korean guerrillas: Ri Ul-sol, Kim Chol-man, Hwang Sun-hui, Kim Ok-sun, Pak Kyong-suk, Ri Yong-suk and Ri Jong-in; on 6 May 2015.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
See also
Awards and decorations of the Russian Federation
Awards and decorations of the Soviet Union
References
External links
The Commission on State Awards to the President of the Russian Federation
The Russian Gazette In Russian
Civil awards and decorations of Russia
Russian awards
Military awards and decorations of Russia
Awards established in 2015
2015 establishments in Russia
The Fugitives () is a novella by Finnish writer Johannes Linnankoski, published in 1908, and it is considered to be one of the author's most significant works, alongside The Song of the Blood-Red Flower. Set in Tavastia, a story is about agrarian society and peasants pride and reconciliation. The work has been translated up to eleven languages.
The story based on the actual events; at the time of writing the novella, Johannes Linnankoski lived at Lapinlahti in 1902, when the peasant family from Akaa settled there, and like in novella, an old couple's daughter had married an elderly widow but had an illegitimate child with another man. Shame on adultery and fear of gossip was apparently the real reason for the move to Savonia. Linnankoski transferred the events to their story. Located in the village of Alapitkä, the Hovi House, where Linnankoski lived, was at the center of the book.
Television adaptation
Based on the story, a television film Pakolaiset directed and written by was made in 1977, starring Vilho Siivola, and Eva Eklund.
References
1908 novels
Novels set in Finland
Works published under a pseudonym
Novels adapted into television shows
20th-century Finnish novels
Finnish novels adapted into films
Banner is the name of the following newspapers:
Banner (Toronto newspaper) (1843–1844), Toronto, Ontario, Canada, founded by George Brown
Bay State Banner, Boston, Massachusetts, serving the African-American community since 1965
Bennington Banner, Bennington, Vermont, established in 1841
Duncan Banner, Duncan, Oklahoma
Hillsboro Banner, Hillsboro, North Dakota, a weekly newspaper first published in 1879
Logan Banner, Logan, West Virginia
The Peel Banner, Brampton, Ontario, Canada, a 19th-century newspaper
See also
Cambridge Daily Banner, Cambridge, Maryland
Cleveland Daily Banner, Cleveland, Tennessee
References
The Murrumbidgee River bridge, Carrathool is a heritage-listed road bridge that, until its closure in 2019, carried Carrathool Road across the Murrumbidgee River in Carrathool, New South Wales, Australia. The bridge is owned by Transport for NSW. The bridge is also called the Carrathool Bridge over Murrumbidgee River and provides a key connection between the Sturt Highway and the Murrumbidgee Road. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000.
In October 2019 the bridge was replaced by the two-lane concrete Merrylees Bridge.
History
Allan trusses
Timber truss road bridges have played a significant role in the expansion and improvement of the NSW road network. Prior to the bridges being built, river crossings were often dangerous in times of rain, which caused bulk freight movement to be prohibitively expensive for most agricultural and mining produce. Only the high priced wool clip of the time was able to carry the costs and inconvenience imposed by the generally inadequate river crossings that often existed prior to the trusses construction.
Timber truss bridges were preferred by the Public Works Department from the mid 19th to the early 20th century because they were relatively cheap to construct, and used mostly local materials. The financially troubled governments of the day applied pressure to the Public Works Department to produce as much road and bridge work for as little cost as possible, using local materials. This condition effectively prohibited the use of iron and steel, as these, prior to the construction of the steel works at Newcastle in the early 20th century, had to be imported from England.
Allan trusses were the first truly scientifically engineered timber truss bridges, and incorporate American design ideas for the first time. This is a reflection of the changing mindset of the NSW people, who were slowly accepting that American ideas could be as good as or better than European ones. The high quality and low cost of the Allan truss design entrenched the dominance of timber truss bridges for NSW roads for the next 30 years.
Percy Allan, the designer of Allan truss and other bridges, was a senior engineer of the Public Works Department, and a prominent figure in late 19th century NSW.
Timber truss bridges, and timber bridges generally were so common that NSW was known to travellers as the "timber bridge state".
Carrathool Bridge
The bridge spanning the Murrumbidgee River between Carrathool and the Sturt Highway was completed in 1924. It is an Allan-type timber truss road bridge, and has a bascule-type lift span supported on cylindrical iron piers, designed to allow river-craft to pass. Only three bascule lift span bridges remain in NSW, and the Carrathool bridge is the only one of these in a timber truss road bridge. The lift section was built by Poole and Steel.
The Carrathool bridge was constructed in response to public pressure for a bridge to replace the river vehicular punt Funding for work was drawn partly from the local community, and partly from the Department of Public Works. The requirement that local residents pay for half the cost of the bridge "was deplored by the then Mayor of Hay, who was a vocal advocate for the rights and the development of the Riverina region".
Description
Carrathool Bridge is an Allan-type timber truss single-lane road bridge with a steel lift span. It has two timber truss spans, each of . There are three timber approach spans at each end giving the bridge an overall length of .
The lift span is of the Bascule type and is supported on cylindrical twin iron piers. The timber truss spans are supported on timber trestles. The bridge provides a carriage way with a minimum width of .
A timber post and rail guard rail extends the full length of the bridge. Up until its closure in 2019, the bridge was in intact condition.
In November 2019, Roads & Maritime Services announced that the heritage-listed Carrathool Bridge would be removed from the New South Wales conservation list of bridges. Its immediate conservation future is unclear.
Heritage listing
Completed in 1922, the Carrathool bridge is an Allan-type timber truss road bridge, and has a rare Bascule type lift span to allow river craft to pass. In 1998 it was in good condition. As a timber truss road bridge, it has many associational links with important historical events, trends, and people, including the expansion of the road network and economic activity throughout NSW, and Percy Allan, the designer of this type of truss. Allan trusses were third in the five-stage design evolution of NSW timber truss bridges, and were a major improvement over the McDonald trusses which preceded them. Allan trusses were 20% cheaper to build than McDonald trusses, could carry 50% more load, and were easier to maintain. The Bascule lift span is a rare feature, and has associational links with the historic river trade, and has much to reveal about late 19th century civil engineering and manufacturing technology. In 1998 there were 38 surviving Allan trusses in NSW of the 105 built, and 82 timber truss road bridges survive from the over 400 built. The Carrathool bridge is a representative example of Allan timber truss road bridges, and is assessed as being State significant, primarily on the basis of its technical and historical significance.
Carrathool Bridge over Murrumbidgee River was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
Through the bridge's association with the expansion of the NSW road network, its ability to demonstrate historically important concepts such as the gradual acceptance of NSW people of American design ideas, and its association with Percy Allan, it has historical significance.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The Bascule lift span is a distinctive visual feature, embodying the spirit of late 19th-century aesthetics. Further, its function can be clearly seen, and shows unambiguously the innovation which went into its design. The bridge exhibits the technical excellence of its design, as all of the structural detail is clearly visible. In the context of its landscape it is visually attractive. As such, the bridge has substantial aesthetic significance.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Timber truss bridges are prominent to road travellers, and NSW has in the past been referred to as the "timber truss bridge state". Through this, the complete set of bridges gain some social significance, as they could be said to be held in reasonable esteem by many travellers in NSW.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The bridge is highly technically significant because it is an example of an Allan truss, and is representative of some major technical developments that were made in timber truss design by the Public Works Department. The Bascule lift span is a rare feature, and has associational links with the historic river trade, and has much to reveal about late 19th century civil engineering and manufacturing technology.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
In 1998 there were 38 surviving Allan trusses in NSW of the 105 built, and 82 timber truss road bridges survive from over 400 built. 3 bascule lift span bridges survive in NSW, and the Carrathool bridge is the only one in a timber truss road bridge.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The bridge is representative of Allan truss bridges.
See also
List of bridges in Australia
References
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Carrathool
Road bridges in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
1924 establishments in Australia
Bridges completed in 1924
Crossings of the Murrumbidgee River
Allan truss bridges
Bascule bridges
Wooden bridges in Australia
Carrathool
2019 disestablishments in Australia
Vertical lift bridges in Australia
Former bridges in Australia
Immaculate Conception Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Southington, Connecticut, United States. Founded on September 19, 1915. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
In 1904 the Polish immigrants organized the Guardian Angel Society in an effort to found a Polish parish. In 1906, a committee of the society asked Bishop Michael Tierney for a Polish priest. None was then available. By 1910 Bishop John Joseph Nilan sent Fr. John Sullivan to serve the immigrants within St. Thomas Parish. A new Polish Catholic parish was officially approved in September 1915 by Bishop John Joseph Nilan. Property was secured as a future church site, along with a house to serve as a rectory. On September 19, 1915, Fr. Woroniecki celebrated the first parish Mass at a hall belonging to the Polish Falcons. On July 9, 1916, Bishop John Joseph Nilan dedicated the basement church of Immaculate Conception Parish. The completed church was finally dedicated on October 28, 1923.
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Immaculate Conception - Diocesan information
Immaculate Conception - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Immaculate Conception Parish
Immaculate Conception Parish
The 2016–17 UEFA Youth League UEFA Champions League Path (group stage) was played from 13 September to 7 December 2016. A total of 32 teams competed in the UEFA Champions League Path (group stage) to decide 16 of the 24 places in the knockout phase of the 2016–17 UEFA Youth League.
Draw
The youth teams of the 32 clubs which qualified for the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage entered the UEFA Champions League Path.
For the UEFA Champions League Path, the 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four. There was no separate draw held, with the group compositions identical to the draw for the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage, which was held on 25 August 2016, 18:00 CEST, at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco.
Format
In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The eight group winners advance to the round of 16, while the eight runners-up advance to the play-offs, where they are joined by the eight second round winners from the Domestic Champions Path.
Tiebreakers
The teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied in the order given to determine the rankings (regulations Article 14.03):
higher number of points obtained in the group matches played among the teams in question;
superior goal difference from the group matches played among the teams in question;
higher number of goals scored in the group matches played among the teams in question;
higher number of goals scored away from home in the group matches played among the teams in question;
if, after having applied criteria 1 to 4, teams still have an equal ranking, criteria 1 to 4 are reapplied exclusively to the matches between the teams in question to determine their final rankings. If this procedure does not lead to a decision, criteria 6 to 12 apply;
superior goal difference in all group matches;
higher number of goals scored in all group matches;
higher number of away goals scored in all group matches;
higher number of wins in all group matches;
higher number of away wins in all group matches;
lower disciplinary points total based only on yellow and red cards received in all group matches (red card = 3 points, yellow card = 1 point, expulsion for two yellow cards in one match = 3 points);
drawing of lots.
Groups
The matchdays were 13–14 September, 27–28 September, 18–19 October, 1–2 November, 22–23 November, and 6–7 December 2016.
Times up to 29 October 2016 (matchdays 1–3) were CEST (UTC+2), thereafter (matchdays 4–6) times were CET (UTC+1).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
References
External links
2016–17 UEFA Youth League
1
ORP Grom is an Orkan-class fast attack craft. It is the sister ship of Orkan and Piorun.
The ship was the result of a construction project undertaken by the German Democratic Republic for its navy, named Project 660 ("Sassnitz class" in NATO code). After the unification of Germany the unfinished hulls were bought by the Polish Navy from VEB Peenewerft shipyard in Wolgast and completed in Northern Shipyard in Gdańsk.
After its completion in 1995 the ship was incorporated into the 31st Rocket Warships Squadron, 3rd Ship Flotilla.
References
Orkan-class corvettes of the Polish Navy
1990 ships
Ships built in Wolgast
Gary/Chicago Airport (also known as Clark Rd.) is a South Shore Line commuter station serving the city of Gary, Indiana. The station is located in the city's Brunswick neighborhood. It is one of three NICTD electric train stations in Gary, and serves the Gary/Chicago International Airport, although it does not provide direct access to the airport. NICTD gives the address as being on Clark Road near 2nd Avenue, approximately from Airport terminal, but it is actually on the corner of 2nd Place, one block south of its supposed location. Gary International Airport gives the station as being from the airport terminal.
The station itself consists of a single platform north of the tracks and one shelter. Passengers on eastbound trains must cross the northbound track to board or alight at this station. The station is a flag stop, and passengers must alert the conductor in advance if they want to get off. In addition, they must activate a strobe light flag stop signal if they want to get on.
Parking is available on both sides of the tracks. Access to Gary Airport is available via GPTC Route R1.
Bus connections
GPTC
Route R1: Lakeshore Connection
References
External links
NICTD
South Shore Railfan.net
South Shore Line stations in Indiana
Airport railway stations in the United States
Transportation in Gary, Indiana
Railway stations in Lake County, Indiana
The blue-moustached bee-eater (Merops mentalis) is a species of bird in the family Meropidae.
It is found in Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, and Sierra Leone.
The blue-moustached bee-eater is a rainforest bird usually found singly. It perches on a high branch in the canopy beside tracks and clearings and swoops down on small butterflies, honeybees and other insects before returning to its original perch.
References
blue-moustached bee-eater
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of West Africa
blue-moustached bee-eater
John Gosselyn was an English Member of Parliament for Lewes 1417, 1420, 1425 and 1429.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
People from Lewes
15th-century English people
English MPs 1417
English MPs 1420
English MPs 1425
English MPs 1429
The Nation Blue is a rock band formed in Tasmania and based in Melbourne, Victoria, noted for their intense live performances and bleak subject matter. They have toured nationally in Australia and internationally in Brazil, America and Japan and have supported Helmet and Foo Fighters. In the third song of their first set in support of the Foo Fighters, bass player, Matt Weston, dislocated their knee but saw out the remainder of the set while lying painfully on the stage floor.
At the fourth annual AIR Awards, held on 22 November 2009, The Nation Blue won the 'Best Independent Hard Rock/Punk Album' award for Rising Waters.
Members
Tom Lyngcoln – vocals, guitar
Matt Weston – bass
Dan McKay – drums
Discography
Descend ep (2000) – Fear of Children
A Blueprint For Modern Noise (2001) – Trial and Error
Damnation (2004) – Casadeldisco Records
Protest Songs (2007) – Casadeldisco Records
Rising Waters (2009) – Casadeldisco / Shock
Black (2016) – Poison City Records
Blue (2016) – Poison City Records
Awards
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
|-
| AIR Awards of 2009
|Rising Waters
| Best Independent Hard Rock/Punk Album
|
|-
References
External links
Myspace page
The Dwarf The Nation Blue – Get Angry
Australian rock music groups
Tasmanian musical groups
Victoria (Australia) musical groups
Musical groups from Melbourne
Horn Bluff () is a prominent rocky headland on the northern side of the coastal island at the western side of Deakin Bay, Antarctica. The feature rises to and is marked by the columnar structure of the dolerite forming the upper part of it. It was discovered and mapped as part of the mainland by the Australasian Antarctic Expedition (1911–14) under Douglas Mawson, who applied the name for W.A. Horn of Adelaide, a patron of the expedition. The headland was shown to be on an island by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions air photos taken in 1962.
References
Headlands of George V Land
The Yardbirds were an English rock group that had a string of Top 40 radio hits in mid-1960s in the UK and the US and introduced guitarists Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, and Jimmy Page. Their first album released in the UK, Five Live Yardbirds (1964), represented their early club performances with Clapton. The Yardbirds' first American album, For Your Love (1965), was released to capitalise on their first hit, and to promote the group's US tour. However, Clapton had already decided to pursue a different musical direction and was replaced by Beck. Several popular singles with Beck followed, including a second American album, Having a Rave Up with the Yardbirds (1965), that, as with their previous album, was a split release featuring songs with both Clapton and Beck.
In 1966, the Yardbirds recorded their first studio album of all original material. Released in the UK as Yardbirds and in the US as Over Under Sideways Down, the album acquired the nickname "Roger the Engineer" after a caption on the English cover drawn by rhythm guitarist Chris Dreja. Shortly after its release, bassist Paul Samwell-Smith left the group and was replaced by Page. Page soon switched to second lead guitar, with Dreja taking over on bass. This lineup only produced two songsthe psychedelic "Happenings Ten Years Time Ago" (1966), which was the group's last song to reach the charts in the UK, and "Stroll On", the proto-heavy metal remake of "Train Kept A-Rollin'" they performed in the film Blowup (1966).
The dual lead lineup with Beck and Page did not last long; Beck had become increasingly unhappy with the constant touring and left the group, with Page remaining as the sole guitarist. The period as a quartet with Page was the Yardbirds' most stable and lasted nearly two and a half years. In the US, they continued to release singles and an album, Little Games (1967). The records, overseen by pop producer Mickie Most, were mostly out-of-step with the audience's shift to an album-oriented, more diverse sound. However, the Yardbirds' frequent concert appearances at counter-culture venues were well-received. They were able to perform more experimental fare, such as "Dazed and Confused", the Page solo acoustic guitar piece "White Summer", and expanded, reworked versions and medleys of some of their earlier songs, as documented on the Page-produced Yardbirds '68 (2017). After a last American tour, the group disbanded in the summer of 1968.
Since their breakup, a number of new albums have appeared. Besides numerous anthologies, albums featuring additional live recordings and various demos and outtakes from 1963–1968 have been released. Although some have received favourable reviews, music critic Richie Unterberger has noted the great number of substandard releases throughout the world. In 1999, original drummer Jim McCarty and rhythm guitarist Chris Dreja began performing and recording as the Yardbirds. Recordings with various singers and guitarists have been released.
Original 1964–1968 releases
The Yardbirds were signed to EMI and their records were released through the Columbia Graphophone Company in the UK and Epic Records in the US. In other countries, the group's releases were handled by a variety of labels, including affiliates of Columbia and Epic, Capitol (Canada), Riviera (France), Ricordi International (Italy), Odeon (Japan), and CBS (international). Sometimes, Yardbirds' records appeared on several labels in the same territory (in Germany, there were releases by Columbia, Epic, and CBS) and were reconfigured from the original UK and US records.
Albums
In their native UK, Columbia only issued two albums during the Yardbirds' career, Five Live Yardbirds (1964) and Yardbirds, popularly referred to as "Roger the Engineer" (1966). For Epic in the US, Yardbirds' manager Giorgio Gomelsky produced two albums, For Your Love (1965) and Having a Rave Up with the Yardbirds (1965), which were collections of new material mixed in with singles and live recordings featuring both Clapton and Beck. Epic subsequently issued Over Under Sideways Down (the US reconfiguration of Yardbirds, 1966), The Yardbirds' Greatest Hits (1967), and the Mickie Most-produced Little Games (1967). Reconfigurations of the Epic For Your Love were released in Canada (Capitol's Heart Full of Soul) and other countries. All albums were released on 12-inch 33⅓ rpm LP records Where two catalogue numbers are given, the album was released in monaural and stereo versions, otherwise it is mono only.
Other album appearances
In an early bid to promote the group, manager Gomelsky arranged for the Yardbirds to serve as backing musicians for a British tour by American bluesman Sonny Boy Williamson II. Recordings during the 1963–1964 tour were later released in 1966, after the Yardbirds had a string of Top 40 hits. In 1966, after Page joined the group, the Yardbirds contributed a remake of "Train Kept A-Rollin'", titled "Stroll On", for the Michelangelo Antonioni film Blow-up (1966). In 1967, MGM Records issued the soundtrack album.
Singles
In the UK, singles were the only source of many of the Yardbirds' songs, until the first anthology albums were released in the 1970s. In the US, these were usually included on albums. Two singles released in Germany and Italy in 1966 remained unavailable on album until the 1980–1990s compilations by Charly Records. The last three Epic singles (unreleased in the UK) did not appear on an album until the 1991 expanded Little Games Sessions and More album. All singles and extended play (EPs) were released on 7-inch 45 rpm records.
Releases after 1969
A large number of Yardbirds anthologies of recordings originally produced by their first manager Gomelsky have been issued by numerous record companies over the years. These do not include songs recorded with other producers after March 1966, such as "Over Under Sideways Down", "Happenings Ten Years Time Ago", and "Little Games". Often, the albums are a haphazard mix of studio and live recordings from the Clapton and early Beck eras. Music critic Richie Unterberger wrote:
However, a few early Epic anthologies and the Rhino Records set Ultimate! (2001) managed to cross license material from the different producers. Many albums of live recordings focusing on performances with Clapton or Beck have appeared and, in 2017, the Page-produced Yardbirds '68 was released. One studio album and several live albums recorded by the post-1999 reconstituted Yardbirds have been issued.
Videos
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Discographies of British artists
Rock music group discographies
Discography
Boone County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,715. Its county seat is Boone.
Boone County comprises the Boone, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Des Moines-Ames-West Des Moines, IA Combined Statistical Area.
History
The land that now forms Boone and several other Iowa counties was ceded by the Sac and Fox nation to the United States in a treaty signed on October 11, 1842.
On January 13, 1846, the legislative body of the Indiana Territory authorized creation of twelve counties in the Iowa Territory, with general descriptions of their boundaries. Boone County's name referred to Captain Nathan Boone, son of Daniel Boone, an American pioneer who formed the Wilderness Trail and founded the settlement of Boonesborough, Kentucky.
County residents selected Boonesboro as the county seat in 1851. The first building erected in the new settlement was a double log house, to be used as interim county office and courthouse. It was supplemented by a two–story building erected in 1856, then replaced by a three-story building in 1868.
The nearby settlement of Montana was incorporated in 1866, when a railway station was built there. It was renamed to Boone in 1871. It continued to grow, and it annexed the settlement of Boonesboro (which had also been incorporated in 1866) in 1887, thus becoming the county seat.
After the second courthouse became too small for the county's expanding populace, a new building (the present courthouse) replaced it. It was completed in 1917.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 30 – runs east–west through center of county. Passes Beaver, Ogden, and Jordan.
U.S. Highway 169 – runs south from Webster County through the west-central portion of Boone County. At its intersection with US 30, U.S. 169 runs east three miles to Ogden, then runs south to Dallas County.
Iowa Highway 17 – runs south through eastern Boone County to Jordan, west one mile, then south to the boundary line between Dallas and Polk counties.
Iowa Highway 144 – runs across the southwest tip of the county from northwest to southeast.
Iowa Highway 210 – enters south line of county at Woodward, then runs east and east-northeast across the southern portion of county to Story County.
Adjacent counties
Dallas County – south
Greene County – west
Hamilton County – north and northeast
Polk County – south and southeast
Story County – east
Webster County – north and northwest
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 26,715 in the county, with a population density of . 96.05% of the population reported being of one race. 90.71% were non-Hispanic White, 1.13% were Black, 2.65% were Hispanic, 0.24% were Native American, 0.37% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.88% were some other race or more than one race. There were 11,921 housing units of which 10,981 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 26,306 in the county, with a population density of . There were 11,756 housing units, of which 10,728 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 26,224 people, 10,374 households, and 7,137 families residing in the county. The population density was 46 people per square mile (18/km2). There were 10,968 housing units at an average density of 19 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.53% White, 0.36% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.26% from other races, and 0.43% from two or more races. 0.83% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,374 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.00% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.80% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,763, and the median income for a family was $49,346. Males had a median income of $32,504 versus $23,838 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,943. About 4.50% of families and 7.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.00% of those under age 18 and 5.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Beaver
Berkley
Boone (county seat)
Boxholm
Fraser
Luther
Madrid
Ogden
Woodward (partial)
Pilot Mound
Sheldahl (partial)
Unincorporated communities
Jordan
Logansport
Mackey
Moingona
Zenorsville
Townships
Amaqua
Beaver
Cass
Colfax
Des Moines
Dodge
Douglas
Garden
Grant
Harrison
Jackson
Marcy
Peoples
Pilot Mound
Union
Worth
Yell
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Boone County.
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1932, Boone County was primarily Republican in presidential elections, aside from 1912 when the county backed Bull Moose candidate & former Republican President Theodore Roosevelt. From 1932 to 1980, the county was a swing county, voting for the national winner in all elections in that period aside from 1960. From 1984 to 2012, the county was consistently Democratic in presidential elections, but swung hard in 2016 by 20.7 points to back Republican Donald Trump similar to many other counties in Iowa.
See also
Boone County Courthouse (Iowa)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boone County, Iowa
Don Williams County Park
References
External links
Boone County on state government portal
Boone County government's website
Boone County Republican, Google News archive. —PDFs of 1,242 issues, dating from 1873 to 1897.
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1846
Útrásarvíkingur (, 'raiding viking', plural útrásarvíkingar) is a neologism coined during the early twenty-first century Icelandic banking boom (the so-called Icelandic outvasion) as a term for Icelandic financiers who rose to prominence with a string of high-profile, credit-fuelled purchases of European businesses. The concept that it denotes, which imagines the financier as a modern-day Viking, has been the subject of extensive scholarly research investigating its relationship with Icelandic nationalism and the causes of the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis.
Literal meaning
Út means 'out'; rás, in this context, means 'a rush, race, sprint, expansion'; and útrás correspondingly means outward rush. This term útrás was used in Icelandic to denote Icelanders' acquisitions of foreign assets during the early twenty-first century banking boom. This word has often been rendered into English in the Icelandic media using the calque outvasion. An útrásarvíkingur is, then, an 'outvasion viking' or, more loosely, 'raiding viking'. It has also been rendered 'venture viking' (in a reference to venture capital).
Cultural meaning
The idea of the útrásarvíkingar has been seen as an important example of medievalism and nationalism in Icelandic culture, adverting to the imagined golden age of the Settlement of Iceland, during which Iceland is popularly imagined to have been a free and just society. The most prominent commentator on these lines before the collapse of Iceland's banks was Kristín Loftsdóttir, who argued that by appealing to powerful nationalist sentiments in Icelandic culture, the image of the útrásarvíkingur helped to shield risk-taking financiers from criticism. Extensive further research was published in the wake of the Crash.
The pre-eminent example of an útrásarvíkingur came to be seen as Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson, who for a time was the effective owner of Landsbanki.
One invocation of the concept of the 'venture viking' that gained particular infamy in the wake of the Crash was a speech by the then President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson to the Walbrook Club in London on 3 May 2005, in which Ólafur Ragnar attributed Iceland's success in business to an innate entrepreneurial spirit deriving directly from Icelanders' viking ancestors.
History of the term
The term víkingur traditionally simply meant 'pirate' in Icelandic, but in útrásarvíkingur referred to vikings, a figment of modern constructions of the medieval past, imagined as ethnically Scandinavian, manly, and nobly savage. The term seems to have been coined quite late in the Icelandic banking boom: the earliest attestation in the online corpus of Icelandic newspapers and periodicals Tímarit.is comes from June 1, 2005. It seems to have been inspired by English-language news reporting figuring Icelandic financiers as Vikings, and it has been suggested that 'origins of the term lie primarily in language of violent masculinity developed on Wall Street around the beginning of the 1980s and soon adopted into everyday English — usages such as "to make a killing", meaning "to make a lot of money".'
Appearances in popular culture
A number of novelists wrote works satirising the medievalist pretensions of the útrásarvíkingar, particularly by reimagining the útrásarvíkingar not as vikings but as feudal knights. They include Bjarni Harðarson (Sigurðar saga fóts: Íslensk riddarasaga), Böðvar Guðmundsson (Töfrahöllin), and Andri Snær Magnason (Tímakistan). Meanwhile, Bjarni Bjarnason subverted Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson's enthusiasm for identifying themselves with the god Þór by associating them instead with the more sinister god Óðinn in Mannorð.
References
Economy of Iceland
Icelandic businesspeople
Icelandic bankers
Viking Age in popular culture
2000s in Iceland
2010s in Iceland
Charles Noel Noel, 1st Earl of Gainsborough (2 October 1781 – 10 June 1866), known as Charles Edwardes until 1798, as Charles Noel between 1798 and 1823 and as the Lord Barham between 1823 and 1841, was a British peer and Whig politician.
Early life
Gainsborough was born on 2 October 1781 as Charles Edwardes. They were the eldest son of Sir Gerard Noel, 2nd Baronet and the Hon. Diana Middleton. Their father succeeded their father-in-law as second Baronet of the Navy in 1838 and their mother succeeded their father as second Baroness Barham in 1823, both according to special remainders in the letters patent. In 1798, on the death of their great uncle Henry Noel, 6th Earl of Gainsborough (on whose death the earldom became extinct), Gainsborough and the rest of the family assumed, by Royal licence, the surname of Noel in lieu of their patronymic.
Their paternal grandparents were the former Lady Jane Noel (a daughter of Baptist Noel, 4th Earl of Gainsborough) and Gerard Anne Edwardes, an illegitimate son of Lord Anne Hamilton (the younger son of James Hamilton, 4th Duke of Hamilton). Their maternal grandfather was Admiral Charles Middleton, 1st Baron Barham.
Career
Gainsborough succeeded their father as Member of Parliament for Rutland in 1808, a seat they held until 1814. In 1823, they succeeded their mother as the 3rd Baron Barham in the Peerage of the United Kingdom and entered the House of Lords. In 1838, they also succeeded their father as the 3rd Noel baronet, of the Navy the Baronetage of Great Britain.
In 1841, they were created Baron Noel, of Ridlington in the County of Rutland, Viscount Campden, of Campden in the County of Gloucester, and Earl of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, all in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, a revival of the title held by their ancestors. The family seat is Exton Hall, near Exton, Rutland.
Personal life
Lord Gainsborough was four times married. Their first marriage was in July 1809 to Elizabeth Welman (1786–1811), the only child of Thomas Welman of Poundisford Park in Somerset and Elizabeth Locke (a daughter of John Locke of Howley). They died on 1 December 1811. There were no children from this marriage.
Lord Gainsborough married, secondly, on 13 May 1817 to Elizabeth Grey (1800–1818), second daughter of Hon. Sir George Grey, 1st Baronet of Falloden (the third son of Charles Grey, 1st Earl Grey) and Mary Whitbread (a daughter of Samuel Whitbread of Cardington and Southill and the former Lady Mary Cornwallis, third daughter of Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis). Before their death on 20 September 1818, they were the parents of one child:
Charles George Noel, 2nd Earl of Gainsborough (1818–1881), who married Lady Ida Harriet Augusta, a daughter of William Hay, 18th Earl of Erroll and Elizabeth FitzClarence (an illegitimate daughter of King William IV).
Their third marriage was on 29 July 1820 to Arabella Hamlyn-Williams (d. 1829), second daughter of Sir James Hamlyn-Williams, 2nd Baronet of Clovelly Court and the former Diana Anne Whitaker (a daughter of Abraham Whitaker). Before their death on 4 October 1829, shortly after the birth of their youngest child, they were the parents of two sons and two daughters:
Rt. Hon. Gerard James Noel (1823–1911), a Member of Parliament for Rutland from 1847 to 1883, a Lord of the Treasury from 1866 to 1868, Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury in 1868, and Chief Commissioner of Works and Public Buildings from 1876 to 1880; who in 1863 married Lady Augusta Mary Lowther (d. 1916), sister of Henry Lowther, 3rd Earl of Lonsdale, and second daughter of Col. Hon. Henry Cecil Lowther MP (second son of William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale) and Lady Lucy Eleanor Sherard (the eldest daughter of Philip Sherard, 5th Earl of Harborough).
Hon. Henry Lewis Noel (1824–1898), a Captain who married their cousin Emily Elizabeth Noel, second daughter of Rev. Hon. Baptist Wriothesley Noel (eighth son of Sir Gerald Noel, 2nd Baronet and Hon. Diana Barham, suo jure Baroness Barham) and Jane Baillie (the eldest daughter of Peter Baillie), in 1852. After their death in October 1890, they remarried to Anne Adelaide Burnside (d. 1904), the only child of Rev. John Burnside, Rector of Plumtree, in 1892.
Lady Mary Arabella Louisa Noel (d. 1883), who married Sir Andrew Agnew, 8th Baronet of Lochnaw, in 1846.
Lady Catherine Hamilton Noel (1829–1855), who married, as their first wife, James Carnegie, 9th Earl of Southesk, in 1849.
Their fourth marriage was on 25 July 1833 to Lady Frances Jocelyn (1814–1885), the second daughter of Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden and Hon. Maria Catherine Frances Stapleton (second daughter of Thomas Stapleton, 15th Baron Despencer). Lady Gainsborough was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Victoria from 1837 to 1872 and Extra Lady of the Bedchamber from 1872 until their death in 1885. Together, they were the parents of:
Hon. Roden Berkeley Wriothesley Noel (1834–1894), a Groom of the Privy Chamber from 1867 to 1871 who married Alice Maria Caroline de Broe, a daughter of Paul de Broe, in 1863. After their death, they married Rev. David MacAnally in 1895.
Lady Victoria Noel (d. 1916), who married Sir Fowell Buxton, 3rd Baronet, later Governor of South Australia, in 1862.
Gainsborough died in June 1866, at the age of 84, and was succeeded by their son from their second marriage, Charles. Their eldest son from their third marriage, Gerard, was a Conservative politician. The dowager Countess of Gainsborough remained a widow until their death on 12 May 1885.
References
External links
1781 births
1866 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs who inherited peerages
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Charles
Eldest sons of British hereditary barons
Peers of the United Kingdom created by Queen Victoria
Fideo 9 (English: Video 9) was a Welsh language television programme broadcast on S4C from 1988 to 1992. It helped launch the music careers of several Welsh singers, including Euros Childs and Gruff Rhys, and giving a platform for bands such as Y Cyrff.
The name "Fideo 9" derived from the time of its regular Thursday evening slot and its content of music videos.
The programme was presented by Eddie Ladd.
References
S4C original programming
Pop music television series
1988 British television series debuts
1992 British television series endings
British music television shows
1980s British music television series
1990s British music television series
Hendricks County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 145,448. The county seat is the town of Danville.
Hendricks County is the third largest county in the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. Hendricks County is currently the second fastest-growing county in Indiana and 85th in the nation.
History
After the American Revolutionary War established US sovereignty over the territory of the upper midwest, the new federal government defined the Northwest Territory in 1787 which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the governor of the territory, and Vincennes was established as the future capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state, although much of its territory was still in dispute as to possession by Native Americans. The land containing Hendricks County was brought into the possession of the United States by the Treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 (known as New Purchase).
The eighth General Assembly of the new state of Indiana met at its then-capital town, Corydon, in December 1823, and created three counties before the close of the session, among them being Hendricks, the state's fifty-first county. The bill creating Hendricks County was introduced in the Senate on 9 December and was signed on 20 December by Indiana Governor William Hendricks, in whose honor the new county was named. Until its governing structure was organized, the territory was assigned to neighboring counties for legislative and enforcement matters.
Prior to the New Purchase treaty, the territory of Hendricks County had been occupied by the Dakota tribe, although there were no significant native villages within its future borders. The treaty authorized the territory to be surveyed by the federal government, with land being available for settlement thereafter. This survey work began in the Hendricks County area in 1819, and settlers began moving in as soon thereafter (the first in future Hendricks County in Spring 1820) as land filing was authorized, such that by 1823 there were sufficient inhabitants to justify forming a county. Designated commissioners met in July 1824, and on 12 July selected Danville as its county seat. The town plat was filed for record in October 1824; a court house was erected and in operation there by 1826.
Geography
The county's low rolling hills are entirely devoted to agriculture or urban development, except for wooded drainages. The West Fork of White Lick Creek flows southeastward through the western part of the county and the East Fork flows southward through the east part of the county; the two flows converge at the south county line. The highest point on the terrain (1030 feet/314 meters ASL) is a small rise 1.5 miles (2.4 km) WNW from Danville.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.54%) is land and (or 0.46%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Boone County - north
Marion County - east
Morgan County - south
Putnam County - west
Montgomery County - northwest
Towns
Amo
Avon
Brownsburg
Clayton
Coatesville
Danville - county seat
Lizton
North Salem
Pittsboro
Plainfield
Stilesville
Unincorporated communities
Belleville
Camby - part
Cartersburg
Clermont Heights
Friendswood
Gale
Hadley
Hazelwood
Joppa
Maplewood
Montclair
New Winchester
Pecksburg
Raintown
Reno
Six Points
Springtown
Summit
Tilden
Center Valley
Townships
Brown
Center
Clay
Eel River
Franklin
Guilford
Liberty
Lincoln
Marion
Middle
Union
Washington
Climate
In recent years, average temperatures in Danville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Transportation
Airport
2R2 - Hendricks County Airport
Major highways
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 145,448 people, 52,368 households, and 39,698 families in the county. The population density was . There were 55,454 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.1% white, 4.9% black or African American, 2.1% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.1% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.3% were German, 16.2% were English, 15.2% were Irish, and 9.4% were American.
Of the 52,368 households, 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.2% were non-families, and 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.12. The median age was 36.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $77,397. Males had a median income of $54,945 versus $38,919 for females. The per capita income for the county was $28,880. About 4.3% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Hendricks County is part of Indiana's 4th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 23 and 24; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 28, 40, 47 and 91.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hendricks County, Indiana
References
Further reading
Balough, Linda and Betty Bartley. A Pictorial History of Hendricks County, Indiana. Marceline: Walsworth Publishing Company (1999).
Hadley, John Vestal. History of Hendricks County, Indiana, their people, industries and institutions. Charleston: Nabo Press (2010).
External links
Hendricks County Government
Hendricks County Economic Development Partnership
Hendricks County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Leadership Hendricks County
City-Data.com Comprehensive Statistical Data and more about Hendricks County
Indiana counties
1824 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1824
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Caleta de Fuste (also known as El Castillo and Costa Caleta) is the largest community in the municipality of Antigua, Las Palmas, Spain, on the island of Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands.
The area is frequented by a variety of tourists and has numerous hotels, shops, boutiques, bars, cafes and restaurants on or near the beaches. In the main harbour is a castle built as a martello tower by the military engineer Claudio de Lisne in 1743.
In addition to beach activities, local recreation includes sailing, diving, windsurfing and scuba exploration. The ocean waters in the area are known for their dolphin and turtle populations. The Championship golf course, one of two at Fuerteventura, is close by and hosted the 2004 Spanish Open. The second golf course, which was completed in 2007, is located adjacent to the first.
External links
Populated places in Fuerteventura
Earnest Woodall (born July 24, 1959) is an American composer. Born in Bay Shore, New York and raised in suburban Long Island, New York, Woodall took up the guitar at age 10, inspired by rock, blues and jazz players. A local teacher Peter Rogine introduced them to the music of Philip Glass, Steve Reich and John Adams, as well as Miles Davis, John Coltrane, and Thelonious Monk and coming of age with the progressive music of Yes, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, and Pink Floyd which sparked a lifelong love of both 20th-century classical music, progressive rock and jazz. Earnest Woodall soon attended the Five Towns College of Music and then the Berklee College of Music, later moving into the local music scene of the New York Tri-State area with a wide variety of bandleaders and musicians.
Establishing themselves as a rare artist that can play more than one style of music with true fluency, virtuosity and sincerity. Earnest Woodall proves it on their 2004 Zephyrwood Music release, Time to Think. The album finds them confirming their reputation as an original and innovative composer / performer.
As well as recording their own music Woodall also composed and recorded music for many independent films from 1992–2000 and also has received two Meet the Composer grants from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) Composers Program
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Woodall found themselves in the
center of the cassette tape underground culture and was reviewed by the most popular underground music zines of the time such as Option, Fact-Sheet Five, Tape Op, Ear, Wired, The Improviser, New Music Journal, See-Hear, and Creative Alternative.
Woodall also pulls a lot of influence from the eclectic randomness of Frank Zappa and the sounds produced by various progressive rock bands such as early Genesis, Peter Gabriel, Yes, and King Crimson.
Reviews
This section is being revised as not to violate any copyright.
Discography
Composition work
Guitar work
See also
Minimalist music
Steve Reich
John Adams
Philip Glass
Kronos Quartet
External links
Official site
Official website
Other sites
1959 births
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Living people
People from Bay Shore, New York
People from Commack, New York
21st-century American male musicians
Cassette culture 1970s–1990s
Lewis Bloor from Chingford, London, England, is a British television personality known for their roles in two notable shows, The Only Way is Essex and Celebrity Big Brother.
Career
Bloor was in eighty-three episodes of The Only Way is Essex, from 2013 where they joined the tenth series to 2016 where they quit during the seventeenth series. In 2016, they took part in the eighteenth series of Celebrity Big Brother, where they were the fifth housemate to be evicted – coming tenth overall.
In August 2019, Bloor was charged with conspiracy to defraud. Bloor was alleged to have dishonestly marketed coloured diamonds for investment purposes. They were acquitted of all charges.
References
People from Chingford
People from Brentwood, Essex
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Big Brother (British TV series) contestants
People acquitted of fraud
Gods and Monsters is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Plot
The Doctor's friends rally to rescue them from the clutches of Fenric. Each of them face their darkest nightmares, and at least one of them will not live to tell the tale.
Cast
Seventh Doctor – Sylvester McCoy
Ace – Sophie Aldred
Hex – Philip Olivier
Captain Aristedes – Maggie O'Neill
Private Sally Morgan – Amy Pemberton
Fenric – John Standing
Hurmzid – Blake Ritson
Weyland – Gus Brown
The Ancient One – Tim Treloar
Peggy Marsden – Elizabeth Bennett
Notes
An alternative cover was first released, to conceal Fenric's glowing eyes and the inclusion of the Haemovores. A satellite dish appeared on the fake cover in place of the Haemovores. The actual cover was not revealed until just before the audio's release.
External links
Big Finish Productions – Gods and Monsters
References
2012 audio plays
Seventh Doctor audio plays
The Brasília tapaculo (Scytalopus novacapitalis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to southern Brazil.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Brasilia tapaculo is most closely related to the Planalto tapaculo (Scytalopus pachecoi). Those two species, rock tapaculo (S. petrophilus), and Diamantina tapaculo (S. diamantinensis) form a clade. It was originally thought to be closely related to the white-breasted tapaculo (Eleoscytalopus indigoticus).
Description
The Brasilia tapaculo is long. One male weighed and two unsexed specimens weighed . The adult is blue-gray above and whitish to pale gray below. The lower back and rump are reddish brown and the vent is rufous with gray barring. The juvenile has not been described.
Distribution and habitat
The Brasilia tapaculo is found in disjunct areas in eastern Goiás, the Distrito Federal, and western Minas Gerais. It inhabits gallery forest, primarily permanently flooded areas with Blechnum ferns and Euterpe palms. It has a fairly narrow elevational range of .
Behavior
Feeding
The Brasilia tapaculo forages on the ground for insects, spiders, and centipedes.
Breeding
The only information on the Brasilia tapaculo's breeding phenology is that a specimen collected in July had active gonads.
Vocalization
The Brazilia tapaculo's song is an "ewk" note repeated for up to a minute . Its alarm call is a series of sharp "che-te-te" notes. Another call is a fast series of "chip" notes that increase in volume.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Brasilia tapaculo as Endangered. Its range of approximately 72 km2 (28 mi2) is greatly fragmented and under continued threat of degradation. It does, however, occur in at least six protected areas.
References
Brasília tapaculo
Birds of the Cerrado
Endemic birds of Brazil
Brasília tapaculo
Brasília tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following is a list of current National Hockey League franchise owners.
All of the NHL's teams use some form of holding company for the team's assets, sometimes through multiple layers of corporations, which are all listed in the "Operating Entities" column. The "Principal Owner(s)" column lists the majority or plurality owner(s) of the team or, in the case of teams held by publicly held corporations, the corporation's chairperson.
Each team has a representative on the NHL Board of Governors, the league's ruling and governing body, listed in the "NHL Governor" column; for most teams, this is the majority or plurality owner of the club.
† Only one of the owners can be that team's NHL Governor.
‡ Child/family member of the team's owner.
1 David S. Blitzer, minority owner of the New Jersey Devils, represent the team on the board.
2 Dave Scott, CEO of Comcast Spectacor, represents the Philadelphia Flyers.
3 President and CEO of the Pittsburgh Penguins, David Morehouse, represents the team instead of one of its owners.
See also
NHL Enterprises, LP
List of professional sports team owners
List of NFL franchise owners
List of NBA team owners
List of Major League Baseball principal owners
List of MLS team owners
References
External links
The Business Of Hockey List - Forbes
Owners
Susan Nakazwe is the former Mayor of Lusaka, Zambia. They were expelled from their position after meeting with the President of China, Hu Jintao, despite being under party instructions not to. They subsequently left the Patriotic Front party, and joined the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy party.
Political career
Susan Nakazwe was named Mayor of Lusaka, the capital city of Zambia, in October 2006 while representing the Patriotic Front (PF) party. They won the poll of the members of the municipality by 31 votes to seven. This made them the second women ever to be the Mayor of the city, while Steven Chilatu was named as their deputy. They dissolved the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy party (MMPD) dominated board at the City Market, and replaced it with one led by members of the PF following accusations by their party leader who considered it "corrupt".
In March 2007, they and city councillor Boniface Musondamwaume was suspended from the PF after they were among Zambian officials who greeted President of China, Hu Jintao, at the airport when they arrived for a visit in February 2007. Nakazwe had been told by party officials to avoid any contact with Jintao, as the PF was boycotting them due to their stance against Chinese interventions in Zambia and because the president of the party had not been invited to attend.
In response, they joined the MMPD. This led to accusations that the MMPD had been seeking their defection all along, as three serving Zambian Mayors had been among those who had defected from the PF to the MMPD over a recent period.
References
External links
Lusaka City Council
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Mayors of Lusaka
Women mayors of places in Zambia
Patriotic Front (Zambia) politicians
People from Lusaka
21st-century Zambian women politicians
21st-century Zambian politicians
Juan de Anchieta (Azpeitia, Gipuzkoa, Spain, 1462 – Azpeitia, 1523) was a leading Spanish Basque composer of the Renaissance, at the Royal Court Chaplaincy in Granada of Queen Isabel I of Castile.
History
Born into a leading Basque family, their mother was a great-aunt of Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Society of Jesus. In 1489 they were appointed to the chapel of Queen Isabella and in 1495 became maestro di capilla to Prince Don Juan, returning to the Queen's service after the Prince's death in 1497, and in 1504 to that of the new Queen, Joanna the Mad. They held various church benefices, from 1518 as Abbot of Arbós, town located at the province of Tarragona, as a chaplain at Granada Cathedral, spending their final years in a Franciscan convent they had founded in Azpeitia.
Sacred Music
Some thirty of Juan de Anchieta's compositions survive, among them two complete Masses, two Magnificats, a Salve Regina, four attributed Passion settings, with other sacred works and four compositions with Spanish texts. The two Masses and many motets which survived, show extensive use of plainsong and much chordal writing. They were among the leading Spanish composers of their generation, writing music for the ample resources of the court chapel of the Catholic Monarchs. Anchieta might be the author of the motet Epitaphion Alexandri Agricolae symphonistae regis Castiliae (published in 1538), which contains important details of the Agricola's biography.
References
External links
1462 births
1523 deaths
People from Azpeitia
Spanish classical composers
Spanish male classical composers
Renaissance composers
University of Salamanca alumni
The 2020 O'Byrne Cup was a Gaelic football tournament played by county teams of Leinster GAA in December 2019 and January 2020.
Longford were the surprise winners.
Competition Format
One team (Dublin) receives a bye to the semi-finals. The remaining ten teams are drawn to play in one group of four teams and two groups of three teams.
In the four-team group, each team plays the other teams in their group once. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw.
In the two three-team groups, each team plays the other teams in their group once. Each team also plays one game against a team from the other three-team group. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw.
The three group winners advance to the semi-finals.
Group stage
Group 1
Longford are ranked ahead of Kildare as they won the head-to-head match between the teams
Carlow are ranked ahead of Wicklow as they won the head-to-head match between the teams
Three-team groups
Group 2
Group 3
Cross-group games
The three teams in Group 2 play the three teams in Group 3 with each team having a single game.
Knockout stage
Semi-Finals
The three group winners plus the team given a bye (Dublin) compete in the semi-finals. The two winners advance to the final.
Final
References
External links
Official site
O'Byrne Cup
O'Byrne Cup
Lineth Enid Fabienne Beerensteyn (born 11 October 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A club Juventus and the Netherlands national team.
Club career
On 21 June 2022, Beerensteyn joined Juventus from Bayern Munich.
International career
On 4 June 2016, they made their debut for the Dutch national team, in a friendly match against South Africa.
They were part of the Dutch team which won the UEFA Women's Euro 2017.
Career statistics
Scores and results list the Netherlands' goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Beerensteyn goal.
Honours
ADO Den Haag
KNVB Women's Cup: 2012–13
BeNe Super Cup runner-up: 2012–13
Bayern Munich
Frauen-Bundesliga: 2020–21
Netherlands U19
UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship: 2014
Netherlands
UEFA European Women's Championship: 2017
Algarve Cup: 2018
References
External links
Senior national team profile at Onsoranje.nl
Under-19 national team profile at Onsoranje.nl (in Dutch)
Under-17 national team profile at Onsoranje.nl (in Dutch)
Under-16 national team profile at Onsoranje.nl (in Dutch)
Under-15 national team profile at Onsoranje.nl (in Dutch)
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from The Hague
Women's association football forwards
Dutch women's footballers
Netherlands women's international footballers
Eredivisie (women) players
Frauen-Bundesliga players
Serie A (women's football) players
ADO Den Haag (women) players
FC Twente (women) players
FC Bayern Munich (women) players
Juventus F.C. (women) players
Dutch expatriate women's footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Germany
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
UEFA Women's Championship-winning players
Knights of the Order of Orange-Nassau
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of the Netherlands
UEFA Women's Euro 2022 players
UEFA Women's Euro 2017 players
Amina Cain is an American writer, best known for their 2020 novel Indelicacy.
Writing
Cain began writing in their last year as an undergraduate. Cain lived in Chicago during the mid-2000s and later moved to Los Angeles, where they continue to live as of 2020.
Writers who have influenced Cain's work include Lydia Davis. Other writers Cain has expressed an "affinity toward" include Marguerite Duras, Renee Gladman, Azareen Van der Vliet Oloomi, and Kate Zambreno.
Honors
Indelicacy was shortlisted for the 2020 Center for Fiction First Novel Prize and for the 2021 Folio Prize.
Bibliography
Novels
Indelicacy (2020)
Short story collections
Creature (2013)
References
Living people
American women novelists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
Jegenstorf Castle is a castle in the municipality of Jegenstorf of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The Lords of Jegistorf were first mentioned in the 12th century, in the service of the Dukes of Zähringen. They built the large square castle tower around that time. The original castle was probably surrounded by wooden walls. During the 13th and 14th centuries, the wooden walls were replaced with stone. In 1300, shortly before the Lords of Jegenstorf died out, the Erlach family acquired the herrschaft of Jegenstorf. However, the Jegistorf holdings had already been divided and the castle remained out of Erlach hands until the 14th or 15th century. Through a combination of political marriages and purchases, in 1519, Johann von Erlach (1474-1539) became the ruler of the castle, the village, the herrschaft and the Jegenstorf court. During the same year they also became the Schultheiss of Bern. It remained in Erlach hands until 1584. In 1584 it passed to the von Bonstetten family, who held it until 1675. It then went to the von Wattenwyl family who held it until 1720. In 1720 Albrecht Friedrich von Erlach bought the castle back. Under Albrecht Friedrich, the castle was expanded and renovated. The old tower was rebuilt as a baroque tower house and the castle converted into a country manor house.
In the 18th century the castle passed to the Stürler family. In 1765 Anton Ludwig Stürler sold the castle to their brother Johann Rudolf Stürler, who passed it on to their son Johann Rudolf in 1789. The castle was spared any damage during the 1798 French invasion. By 1812, however, Johann Rudolf was in financial difficulties and sold the castle to their cousin Rudolf Gabriel Stürler of Serraux. In 1913-1915 the house was renovated and modernized under Arthur Albert Vinzenz von Stürler. After the death of Arthur Albert Vinzenz in 1934, the castle was purchased by a preservation association.
On 9 October 1944 General Henri Guisan, the supreme commander of the Swiss Army, moved their command post from Interlaken to Jegenstorf. At the same time, much of the army's General Staff moved to Burgdorf. Guisan set up their command post in Jegenstorf castle. They were given two rooms in the castle in the south-west wing for their personal use.
In 1954, a foundation was created to preserve and operate the castle and create a museum. Since 1955, the village museum of Jegenstorf has been open in the castle.
Castle site
Originally the castle consisted of a square tower. During the High Middle Ages it expanded to a castle with a keep, a corner tower, a housing wing and a central courtyard. The castle was surrounded by a double, water filled moat. In 1720 it was converted into a baroque manor house. Three more corner towers were added to join the original south-eastern corner tower and a hallway was added to join the towers together. The four towers formed a symmetrical box around the original keep. The main northern entrance into the keep was updated with a grand staircase, a balcony and decorative carvings. The south and eastern facades each received a triangular pediment.
The interior was redecorated in 1913–15. The dining room was decorated with a series of allegorical paintings of the affairs of Katharina Perregaux-von Wattenwyl, which were painted in 1690 by Joseph Werner for Reichenbach Castle. Several masonry heaters from the 18th century were moved into the castle during this renovation. Two of the most interesting are covered in blue glazed tiles and are signed and dated by Urs Johann Wiswalt in 1723. In the first upper story, the so-called Herkulessaal (Hercules hall) is decorated with a statue of Hercules battling the Hydra from the 17th century. The castle is surrounded by a large park with an 18th-century Orangery and a neo-Gothic pavilion which was built in 1890. The pavilion is decorated with a statue of Minerva which was carved by Johann Friedrich I Funk in 1773.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Jegenstorf castle
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Museums in the Canton of Bern
Mohammed Al Thani may refer to any people in House of Thani, or people with Mohammed given name and Al Thani as clan name.
Mohammed bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, brother of the current Emir (ruler) of Qatar.
Mohammed bin Hamad bin Abdullah Al Thani, Qatari politician and ambassador.
Muhammed bin Jassim Al Thani, ruler of Qatar 1913–1914.
Mohammed bin Abdulla Al Thani, (born 1982), Qatari business person and mountaineer.
bin Mohammed Al Thani also part of the surname, means son of Mohammed, descendant of Thani, may refer to:
Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani (1825–1913), the founder of the state of Qatar
Saud bin Muhammed Al Thani (1966–2014), art collector, Qatari minister of Culture, Arts and Heritage
See also
Mohammed bin Thani
Taizhou University (TU; ) is a comprehensive public university based in Taizhou city, Zhejiang province, China.
History
Taizhou University was established in Linhai, Taizhou prefecture, Zhejiang province in 1907 and has undergone several organization restructures.
Campus locations
TZU has three campuses. The main campus is in Linhai and has a floor space of 230,000 square meters. A secondary, smaller campus is also in Linhai, next to the famous Linhai Old Street and across from the Great Wall. The third campus is in the Jiaojiang District, another region of Taizhou County, and covers an area of more than 800,000 square meters.
Administration
Schools and departments
There are 12 departments or colleges at the university.
School of Humanities and social sciences
School of Economy and Trade Management
School of Foreign Languages
School of Information and Electronics Engineering
School of Bioscience and Medical Chemistry
School of Physical Education
School of Medical
School of Adult Education
School of Mathematics
School of Machine and electronics
School of Architecture
References
External links
Taizhou University Official website
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Educational institutions established in 1907
1907 establishments in China
Nacha Punthong is a Thai taekwondo practitioner. In 2010, they won the silver medal in the men's 63 kg event at the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou, China. In the final, they lost against Lee Dae-hoon of South Korea.
In 2006, they competed in the men's 62 kg event at the 2006 Asian Games held in Doha, Qatar where they were eliminated in their first match, against Kim Ju-young of South Korea. The following year, they won the silver medal in the men's 62 kg event at the 2007 Summer Universiade held in Bangkok, Thailand.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nacha Punthong
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2006 Asian Games
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in taekwondo
Nacha Punthong
Universiade medalists in taekwondo
Universiade silver medalists for Thailand
Medalists at the 2007 Summer Universiade
The magnolia warbler (Setophaga magnolia) is a member of the wood warbler family Parulidae.
Etymology
The genus name Setophaga is from Ancient Greek ses, "moth", and , "eating", and the specific magnolia refers to the type locality. American ornithologist Alexander Wilson found this species in magnolias near Fort Adams, Mississippi.
Description
This species is a moderately small New World warbler. It measures in length and spans across the wings. Body mass in adult birds can range from , though weights have reportedly ranged up to prior to migration. Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the tail is , the bill is and the tarsus is . The magnolia warbler can be distinguished by its coloration. The breeding males often have white, gray, and black backs with yellow on the sides; yellow and black-striped stomachs; white, gray, and black foreheads and beaks; distinct black tails with white stripes on the underside; and defined white patches on their wings, called wing bars. Breeding females usually have the same type of coloration as the males, except that their colors are much duller. Immature warblers also resemble the same dull coloration of the females. The yellow and black-striped stomachs help one to distinguish the males from other similar birds, like the prairie warbler and Kirtland's warbler (which, however, have a breeding range to the south and east of the magnolia warbler's).
Distribution
The magnolia warbler is found in the northern parts of some Midwestern states and the very northeastern parts of the US, with states such as Minnesota and Wisconsin comprising its southernmost boundaries. However, it is mostly found across the northern parts of Canada, such as in Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec. During the winter, the warbler migrates through the eastern half of the United States to southern Mexico and Central America. The warbler breeds in dense forests, where it will most likely be found among the branches of young, densely packed, coniferous trees. The magnolia warbler migrates to the warmer south in the winter, wintering in southeastern Mexico, Panama, and parts of the Caribbean. In migration it passes through the eastern part of the United States as far west as Oklahoma and Kansas. During migration season, the magnolia warbler can be found in various types of woodlands.
Life cycle
The magnolia warbler undergoes multiple molts during its lifetime. The first molts begin while the young offspring are still living in the nest, while the rest take place on or near their breeding grounds. The warblers molt, breed, care for their offspring, and then migrate. Chicks hatch after a two-week incubation period, and can fledge from the nest after close to another two weeks when their feathers are more developed. After about a month, the chicks can leave the nest to begin living (and later breeding) on their own since they are solitary birds. Magnolia warblers typically live up to seven years.
Behavior
Diet and feeding
This warbler usually eats any type of arthropod, but their main delicacies are caterpillars. The warbler also feeds on different types of beetles, butterflies, spiders, and fruit during their breeding season, while they increase their intake of both fruit and nectar during the winter. These birds also tend to eat parts of the branches of mid-height coniferous trees, such as spruce firs, in their usual breeding habitat.
Songs
Researchers have observed two different types of songs in male magnolia warblers. Their songs have been referred to as the First Category song and the Second Category song. Females have not been observed to have a distinct song yet as the males have; while they do sing, they don't have separate songs for different situations. In general, the male warblers use their songs during the spring migration season and during the breeding season: one is used for courtship and the other is used to mark their territory each day. Both males and females have call notes that they use for various alerts: the females have short call notes to signal when a human observer is watching them, and the males have short call notes to signal when any sort of threatening predators are close to their offspring.
Reproduction
Male magnolia warblers go to their breeding grounds about two weeks before the females arrive. After the females come to the breeding grounds, both the males and females cooperate to build the nest for a week. Because of the difficulty of locating their nests among the forest's dense undergrowth, it is hard to know whether the warblers re-use their original nests each breeding season, or whether they abandon them for new ones. The nests are built in their tree of choice – different types of fir trees, such as Abies balsamea (balsam fir) and Picea glauca (spruce fir). The nest is made up of grass, twigs, and horsehair fungus, and they are relatively small, shallow, circular-shaped nests, barely exceeding 10 cm on all sides. The nests are usually found close to the ground, commonly in the lowest three meters of the firs.
Female magnolia warblers usually lay three to five eggs during each breeding season. The female will not incubate their eggs until all of them are laid. The female sits on the eggs for about two weeks before the eggs hatch. The female is also the one that warms the newborn chicks by brooding, or sitting, on the nest; they are also the one who feeds the newborn chicks most frequently, though the males also engage in feeding the offspring at times. Because the males are technically as equally responsible for feeding the newborns as the females are, this means that the males are monogamous because they expend a large amount of energy looking for food for their young. In order to keep the nest clean, females eat the fecal sacs of their newborns; as the chicks grow older, both parents simply remove the sacs from the nest. The baby warblers are ready to fly out of the nest by the time they are ten days old.
Conservation
The magnolia warbler is assessed on the IUCN Red List as least concern for conservation because it is fairly widespread and common within its habitat and not at risk of extinction. Research has shown that a good percentage of warblers die from flying into television towers in their migratory path. Also, parts of their habitat have been degraded as coniferous forests are cleared which causes the number of warblers living in a habitat to decrease, but they certainly are not greatly affected by the deforestation. While the deforestation does decrease the warbler population in the specific area that it occurs in, the species is not significantly impacted overall due to the general abundance of the species throughout the region.
In art
John James Audubon illustrated the magnolia warbler in The Birds of America, Second Edition (published, London 1827–38) as Plate 123 under the title, "Black & Yellow Warbler – Sylvia maculosa" where a pair of birds (male and female) are shown searching flowering raspberry for insects. The image was engraved and colored by Robert Havell's London workshops. The original watercolor by Audubon was purchased by the New York History Society.
References
External links
Magnolia warbler species account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Magnolia warbler - Dendroica magnolia - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
magnolia warbler
Birds of Canada
Birds of Appalachia (United States)
Native birds of the Northeastern United States
Birds of the Dominican Republic
magnolia warbler
Taxa named by Alexander Wilson (ornithologist)
Mariella Ahrens (born 2 April 1969) is a Russian-born German actor.
Early life
Ahrens was born in Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) as the daughter of a German computer specialist and a Bulgarian ophthalmologist. They grew up to the age of three in Bulgaria and then moved in 1974 to Berlin-Friedrichshain in East Germany.
Education
After a previous cancellation by the Ernst Busch Academy of Dramatic Arts, they completed their education as an actor at Fritz-Kirchhoff-Schule in Berlin.
Career
Ahrens first appeared on stage at the Kleine Theater in "Palais Podewils" in Berlin.
In addition to roles in television series such as Leipzig Homicide, Sabine! and Im Namen des Gesetzes, they also played in the ZDF production The Desert Rose as well as Dreamtime and Rosamunde Pilcher films.
Ahrens was photographed for the March issue of 2001 and as a cover girl for the March 2004 issue of the German Playboy magazine.
In 2004 they were a participant in "Ich bin ein Star - Holt mich hier raus!.
In 2015 they played Walpurga von Schwarztal in the television movie Prinzessin Maleen.
Filmography
Film
1987 Jan Oppen - Motorradbraut.
2015: Prinzessin Maleen
Television series
1995 Balko - Sandra. 'Hotline' episode.
Personal life
In 1999, Ahrens gave birth to their daughter Isabella Maria in a relationship with Croatian derivative trader Dragan Banić. In 2001, Ahrens married investment banker Jost Paffrath. One year later, they separated, and divorced in 2004.
On 12 December 2006, Ahrens married Patrick Graf von Faber-Castell in a civil ceremony in New York City, New York. Although they have since been called "Countess von Faber-Castell", they continue to call themselves Ahrens. The couple met each other at the wedding of Verona and Franjo Pooth in Vienna in September 2005 and was engaged since September 2006. The church wedding took place on 7 July 2007 at the Martin Luther Church in Stein at Nuremberg. Ahrens' daughter was adopted by Patrick Graf von Faber-Castell. Their daughter Lucia was born in March 2007. On 5 November 2012, the couple announced their split "due to different views of life".
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Actresses from Saint Petersburg
German film actores
German stage actores
German television actores
20th-century German actores
21st-century German actores
Ich bin ein Star – Holt mich hier raus! participants
German people of Bulgarian descent
Maria Manuel Mota is a Portuguese malariologist and executive director of the Instituto de Medicina Molecular, Lisbon.
Education
Maria Mota, a native of Vila Nova de Gaia, graduated from their undergraduate degree in Biology in 1992 and received their master's degree in immunology in 1994 from the University of Porto. They received their PhD in molecular parasitology in 1998 from University College London, working at the affiliated National Institute for Medical Research with Will Jarra and Anthony Holder.
Career
Mota moved to the United States after their PhD to postdoc at the New York University Medical Center in the lab of Victor Nussenzweig. In 2002 they set up their first research group at Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciência, Oeiras, Portugal. In 2005 Mota was made a professor at the University of Lisbon. They have been executive director at the Institute of Molecular Medicine (IMM) in Lisbon since 2014, and still leads the Biology and Physiology of Malaria research group.
In 2016 Mota was elected a member of EMBO.  They are a visiting professor of immunology and infectious disease at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health in the lab of Dyann Wirth.
In addition to their career as a researcher, Mota was founder and vice-president of the Portuguese science public outreach organisation Associação Viver a Ciência.
Research
Throughout their career Mota has researched the molecular biology of malaria infection, especially regarding host-pathogen interactions. Although they study molecular interactions their research has linked these to grander host factors which influence infection, such as nutrition status and circadian rhythms.
Mota was the lead researcher of the first study to demonstrate that malaria parasites, when they enter the liver early in infection, enter and traverse through multiple liver cells before finding a cell that they stay in for replication. This work was based on a serendipitous discovery made from a conversation between Mota and Ana Rodriguez in a lift, about an old film Rodriguez had from a previous research project. The work was another example of collaboration between Victor and Ruth Nussenzweig.
Mota's research has often investigated the liver stage of malaria, an oft-forgotten stage of the parasite, but an important one since it is the first stage of infection after mosquito bite. Mysteriously immunity to this part of the malaria life cycle is very poor. Mota was involved in a study which showed that this is partially a consequence of the repression of Dendritic cells in the liver, which normally activate T cells and present them with the molecular targets of the infection. However they later showed that the liver does possess an active innate immune system response. Malaria cells further protect themselves from destruction by the liver cells themselves (through Autophagy) by binding the autophagy factor Microtubule-associated protein light chain 3 (LC3). This research opens up a new therapeutic target for malaria drugs.
Mota's own research group showed that an ongoing blood stage infection inhibits a new malaria liver stage (i.e. repressing superinfection from a later mosquito bite). This works through the action of hepcidin, which is upregulated during malaria infection and diverts iron away from liver cells, starving a new malaria infection of an essential nutrient.
In 2017 Mota's team published research indicating that malaria parasites are able to sense the nutritional status of their host and correspondingly alter their growth rates. 30% calorie restriction diets of laboratory mice lead to a reduction in growth rate of Plasmodium berghei parasites in the mice blood. A malaria kinase protein, KIN, was found to be involved in sensing host nutritional status, as when it was genetically knocked-out of the parasites they did not respond to host calorie restriction. These results match evidence from human infections, as doctors had noticed that malaria infections sometimes get more severe after hospitalisation and improved feeding of malnourished patients.
Awards
In 2003 Mota was given a Young Investigator Award by EMBO. More funding came from a European Science Foundation Young Investigator award in 2004.
In 2005 Mota was appointed Commander of the Order of Prince Henry (Comendadora da Ordem do Infante D. Henrique), a national honour of Portugal.
They were honored with the Prémio Pessoa Prize in 2013, given to Portuguese citizens who contribute significantly to the arts or sciences. Mota is one of the youngest recipients of the prestigious award.
In November 2017 they were awarded the Pfizer Prize for their work in the area of malaria.
In November 2018 they received the mid-career Sanofi-Institut Pasteur prize, worth 150 thousand euros.
References
Attribution
Content on this page was translated from :pt:Maria Manuel Mota
University of Lisbon faculty
Malariologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women parasitologists
University of Porto alumni
People from Vila Nova de Gaia
21st-century Portuguese scientists
Portuguese women scientists
Egon Kornauth (14 May 1891 – 28 October 1959) was an Austrian composer and music teacher.
Life
Kornauth was born in Olmütz, Moravia. A cellist and pianist from their youth, they went in 1909 to Vienna, where they studied with Robert Fuchs, Guido Adler, Franz Schreker (with whom they quarrelled) and Franz Schmidt.
After teaching music theory at Vienna University from 1919, Kornauth embarked on an international career as pianist, accompanist and conductor that took them to Indonesia (1926-9) and to South America (1934-5). In 1940 they resumed a teaching career in war-time Vienna and Salzburg. They joined the Nazi-sponsored Reichsmusikkammer, but continued to support their teacher Adler, who was held under house arrest as a Jew, until the latter's death in 1941. In post-war Austria, Kornauth became director of the Salzburg Mozarteum (1946-7), and was elected to the Austrian Arts Senate in 1954. They died in Vienna in 1959.
Kornauth composed extensively and won a number of prizes including the Austrian State Prize (1913) (for their Viola Sonata op.3), the Gustav Mahler Foundation prize (1919), and the Austrian Würdigungspreis (1951). Their style was however conventional; when the English composer Humphrey Searle visited Vienna in the 1930s they were displeased to find that the only modern music played by the main orchestras was that of Schmidt "or lesser composers like ... Kornauth." Kornauth themselves recognised in their 1958 autobiography that "epigonism was inherent in my personality." Most of Kornauth's output consists of lieder, chamber music and piano pieces, but there are also five orchestral suites amongst other larger scale pieces.
A recording of some of Kornauth's piano works by Jonathan Powell was released by Toccata Classics in 2013.
Selected works
Orchestral
Orchestral Suite No. 1 (Sinfonische Suite Nr. 1) Aus der Jugendzeit, Op. 7 (1913; revised 1928)
Elegie auf den Tod eines Freundes (Elegy on the Death of a Friend) (1916); published 1932
Sinfonische Ouvertüre (Symphonic Overture), Op. 13
Orchestral Suite No. 2, Op. 20 (published 1925)
Musik for string orchestra, Op. 25a (1920); after the String Sextet
Orchestral Suite No. 3 (Sinfonische Suite Nr. 2), Op. 35 (1931; revised 1937); also for Piano Quintet, Op. 35a
Orchestral Suite No. 5 Romantische Suite, Op. 40 (1936)
Orchestral Suite No. 4 (Sinfonische Suite Nr. 4), Op. 42 (1938)
Irish Tune from County Derry for string orchestra (or string quintet)
Concertante
Notturno (Andante) for viola and chamber orchestra, Op. 3b (1912); movement II from the Viola Sonata
Ballade for cello and orchestra, Op. 17 (1917)
Konzertstück (Concert Piece) for violin and chamber orchestra (or piano), Op. 19 (1917)
Chamber music
Sonata in C minor for viola and piano, Op. 3 (1912); also for clarinet and piano (1914); movement II, Notturno, also for viola and chamber orchestra
Sonata for clarinet and piano, Op. 5
2 Vortragsstücke: Scherzo und Andante (2 Concert Pieces) for violin and piano, Op. 5b (published 1932)
Sonata in E minor for violin and piano, Op. 9 (1914)
Burleske in E minor for flute and piano (or orchestra), Op. 11 (1916)
Kleine Abendmusik for 2 violins, viola and cello, Op. 14 (1915)
Sonata (Sonatina) in D major for violin and piano, Op. 15 (1916)
Piano Quartet in C minor, Op. 18 (1917)
String Sextet in A minor for 2 violins, 2 violas and 2 cellos, Op. 25 (1918–1919); also for string orchestra
String Quartet in G minor, Op. 26 (1920)
Piano Trio in B minor, Op. 27 (1921)
Sonata for cello and piano, Op. 28 (published 1924)
String Quintet for 2 violins, 2 violas and cello, Op. 30 (1923)
Kammermusik (Chamber Music), Nonet for flute, oboe, clarinet, horn, 2 violins, viola, cello and double bass, Op. 31 (1924); for wind quintet and string quartet, Op. 31a (1924); Dectet for wind and string quintets, Op. 31b
Klarinettenquintett (Clarinet Quintet) in F minor for clarinet, 2 violins, viola and cello, Op. 33 (1930)
Piano Quintet in F minor, Op. 35a (1931); after the Orchestral Suite No. 3
Kleine Hausmusik (Little Chamber Music; Petite composition facile) for 2 violins, viola and cello, Op. 41a (1939); also for piano, Op. 41b
Trio-Suite for violin, cello (or viola) and piano, Op. 45 (1948)
Rhapsodie
Valse triste
Canon I
Canon II
Canzonetta
Valse triste for viola and piano (1948); from Trio-Suite, Op. 45
Sonatina for violin (or flute, or viola) and piano, Op. 46 (1952)
3 Stücke (3 Pieces) for cello (or viola) and piano, Op. 47 (1954)
Elegie
Romanze
Dumka
Irish Tune from County Derry for string quintet (or string orchestra)
Piano
5 Klavierstücke (5 Piano Pieces), Op. 2 (1912)
Sonata in A major, Op. 4 (1912)
Fantasie (Phantasie), Op. 10 (1915)
3 Klavierstücke (3 Piano Pieces), Op. 23 (1920); also for piano 4-hands, Op. 23a
Präludium
Improvisation
Walzer
Kleine Suite (Little Suite), Op. 29 (1923)
Präludium
Intermezzo
Barcarole
Ländler
Notturno
Walzer
Finale
4 Klavierstücke (4 Piano Pieces), Op. 32 (1926); also for piano 4-hands, Op. 32a
In Memoriam
Capriccio
Notturno
Rondo-Burleske
Präludium und Passacaglia (Prelude and Passacaglia), Op. 43 (1939)
5 Klavierstücke (5 Piano Pieces), Op. 44 (1940)
Präludium
Intermezzo
Capriccio
Mährische Ballade
Walzer
3 Canons (published 1951)
Vocal
6 Lieder (6 Songs) for voice and piano, Op. 1 (1911); Nos. 1, 4 and 6 also for voice and chamber orchestra
Ganz im Geheimen; words by Franz von Königsbrun-Schaup
Landsknechtlied; words by Heinrich von Reder
Leid; words by Maria Stona
Frühlingsruhe; words by Ludwig Uhland
Mein und Dein; words by J. G. Fischer
In der Kirschenblüth'; words by J. G. Fischer
Erntelied von anno 1914 for medium voice and piano (1914); words by Richard Smekal
4 Gesänge (4 Songs) for high voice and piano, Op. 8 (1914); also for voice and chamber orchestra
Zu spät; words by Friedrich Theodor Vischer
Traumleben; words by Julius Hart
O gib mir nicht den Mund!; words by Ernst Goll
Der stille Tag; words by Robert Hohlbaum
8 Gesänge nach Richard Smekal (8 Songs after Richard Smekal) for high or medium voice and piano, Op. 12 (1916); words by Richard Smekal; Nos. 2, 3, 4, 6, 7 and 8 also for voice and chamber orchestra
Nächtliche Fahrt
Schnitterspruch
Versunkenheit
Brief am Abend
Ringelreihen im Frühling
Liebeselegie
Abendlied in der großen Stadt
Maiwanderung
6 Lieder (6 Songs) for medium voice and piano, Op. 21 (1918); also for voice and chamber orchestra
Schließe mir die Augen beide; words by Theodor Storm
Lied in die Ferne; words by Richard Smekal
Du; words by Ricarda Huch
Aus den Frühen Gedichten von Rainer Maria Rilke I: Bange Erwartung; words by Rainer Maria Rilke
Aus den Frühen Gedichten von Rainer Maria Rilke II: Nachtwind; words by Rainer Maria Rilke
Abendlied; words by Albrecht Schaeffer
6 Lieder nach Hermann Hesse (6 Songs after Hermann Hesse) for medium voice and piano, Op. 22 (1918); words by Hermann Hesse; Nos. 1~5 also for voice and chamber orchestra; No. 5 also with string orchestra
Im Grase hingestreckt
Böse Zeit
Oktober
Im Nebel
Drüben
Die leise Wolke
Welt der Zyklamen for voice and piano, Op. 24 No. 3
4 Lieder nach Brentano (4 Songs after Brentano) for high voice and piano, Op. 34 (1931); words by Clemens Brentano; No. 1 also for high voice, solo flute and string orchestra; Nos. 2 and 3 also for voice and chamber orchestra
Abendständchen
Der Spinnerin Lied
Wiegenlied
Säusle, liebe Myrthe
Schwanenlied for high voice and piano, Op. 34b; words by Clemens Brentano
8 Lieder nach Eichendorff (8 Songs after Eichendorff) for low voice and piano, Op. 36 (1932); words by Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff; No. 1 also for voice and chamber orchestra
Der Einsiedler
Nachts I
Erinnerung
Der Abend
Nachts II
Sterbeglocken
Herbstweh
Abschied
6 Lieder nach Eichendorff (6 Songs after Eichendorff) for high voice and piano, Op. 37 (1932); words by Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff
Lockung
Treue
Nachklänge I
Waldeinsamkeit
Die Nachtigallen
Herbst
8 Lieder nach Eichendorff (8 Songs after Eichendorff) for medium-high voice and piano, Op. 38 (1933); words by Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff; Nos. 4 and 8 also for voice and chamber orchestra
Im Alter
Die Nacht
Am Strom
Winternacht
Nachtwanderer
Seliges Vergeßen
Nachklänge II
Valet
Choral
Gesang der späten Linden for female chorus and chamber orchestra (or piano quintet), Op. 16 (revised 1933); words by Richard Smekal
Der Abend for female chorus, flute, clarinet and string quartet, Op. 34a (1931); words by Clemens Brentano
[2 Choruses], Op. 39 (1933); words by Friedrich Hölderlin
Lied der Freundschaft for male chorus a cappella
Lied der Liebe for mixed chorus a cappella
References
Citations
Sources
Gruber, Gerold W. (n.d.). "Kornauth, Egon" in Oxford Music Online , accessed 4 April 2014.
Powell, Jonathan (2013). "Egon Kornauth Piano Works , Volume One." Essay in booklet accompanying CD of the same title, Toccata Classics, TOCC 0159.
External links
1891 births
1959 deaths
Musicians from Olomouc
Austrian classical composers
Austrian pianists
Austrian music educators
Male conductors (music)
20th-century classical composers
20th-century Austrian conductors (music)
20th-century Austrian male musicians
Austrian male classical composers
20th-century pianists
Male pianists
Moravian-German people
Austrian people of Moravian-German descent
Nigali Sagar (also called Nigliva, Nigali Sagar pillar, Nighihawa pillar, Nigliva pillar, or Araurakot pillar) is an archaeological site in Nepal containing the remains of a pillar of Ashoka. The site is located in Nigalihawa, about 20 kilometers northwest of Lumbini and 7 kilometers northeast of Taulihawa. Another famous inscription discovered nearby in a similar context is the Lumbini pillar inscription.
Discovery
The pillar was discovered in 1893 by a Nepalese officer on a hunting expedition. The pillar and its inscriptions (there are several inscriptions on it, from Brahmi to Medieval) were researched in March 1895 by Alois Anton Führer. Führer published their discovery in the Progress Report of the Archaeological Survey Circle, North-West Province, for the year ending on June 30, 1895. The fact that the inscription was discovered by Führer, who is also known to have forged Brahmi inscriptions on ancient stone artefacts, casts a doubt on the authenticity of this inscription.
The pillar was not erected in-situ, as no foundation has been discovered under it. It is thought that it was moved about 8 to 13 miles, from an uncertain location.
Besides their description of the pillar, Führer made a detailed description of the remains of a monumental "Konagamana stupa" near the Nigali Sagar pillar, which was later discovered to be an imaginative construct. Führer wrote that "On all sides around this interesting monument are ruined monasteries, fallen columns, and broken sculptures", when actually nothing can be found around the pillar. In the following years, inspections of the site showed that there were no such archaeological remains, and that, in respect to Fuhrer's description "every word of it is false". It was finally understood in 1901 that Führer had copied almost word-for-word this description from a report by Alexander Cunningham about the stupas in Sanchi.
Kanakamuni Buddha
It is said that in this place the Kanakamuni Buddha, one of the Buddhas of the past, was born. The Asoka inscription engraved on the pillar in Brahmi script and Pali language attests the fact that Emperor Asoka enlarged the Kanakamuni Buddha's stupa, worshiped it and erected a stone pillar for Kanakamuni Buddha on the occasion of the twentieth year of their coronation.
Added to the doubts on the authenticity of the inscription, the very mention of a "divinized Buddha having been several times reborn" and preceded by other Buddhas such as Kanakamuni Buddha, inscribed on a pillar in a historical period as early as the 3rd century BCE, is considered by some authors as quite doubtful and problematic. Such complex religious constructions are generally considered as belonging to later stages of the development of Buddhism.
The Nigali Sagar Edict
The inscription, made when Emperor Asoka visited the site in 249 BCE and erected the pillar, reads:
{| class="wikitable centre"
|+ Nigali Sagar Edict
|-
! scope="col" align=left| Translation(English)!!Transliteration(original Brahmi script)!!Inscription(Prakrit in the Brahmi script)
|-
|align=center width="30%"|
{{blockquote|“His Majesty King Priyadarsin in the 14th year of their reign enlarged for the second time the stupa of the Buddha Kanakamuni and in the 20th year of their reign, having come in person, paid reverence and set up a stone pillar”.}}
| align=left |
|align=center width="10%"|
|}
Because of this dedication by Ashoka, the Nigali Sagar pillar has the earliest known record ever of the word "stupa" (here the Pali word Thube'').
There is also a second inscription, "Om mani padme hum" and "Sri Ripu Malla Chiram Jayatu 1234" made by King Ripu Malla in the year 1234 (Saka Era, corresponding to 1312 CE).
Accounts of the pillar
The Chinese pilgrims Fa-Hien and Xuanzang describe the Kanakamuni Stupa and the Asoka Pillar in their travel accounts. Xuanzang speaks of a lion capital atop the pillar, now lost.
A base of a Pillar of Ashoka has been discovered at Gotihawa, a few miles from Nigali Sagar, and it has been suggested that it is the original base of the Nigalar Sagar pillar fragments.
Gallery
References
See also
Google location and photographs
Monuments and memorials in Nepal
Archaeological sites in Nepal
3rd-century BC establishments in Nepal
Buildings and structures in Kapilvastu District
Archaeological discoveries in Nepal
William Budge (May 1, 1828 – March 18, 1919) was a member of the Council of Fifty as well as the Idaho Legislature and was a mission president and stake president in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Budge was born in Lanark, Scotland and moved in their teen years to Glasgow for employment. At the age of 20 they joined the LDS Church. They became a missionary in 1851 and continued in that position until about 1860. During these years Budge served for a time as president of the Swiss Mission, as district president in Glasgow and five different districts in England, and also preached the gospel in Italy and Germany. Among other assignments, in 1855 the president of the European Mission Franklin D. Richards sent Budge to Saxony to respond to inquire about the LDS Church from Karl G. Maeser.
In 1860 Budge emigrated to Utah Territory. They were the captain of a company of seventy-two wagons from Winter Quarters to Salt Lake City. They lived in Farmington where they were Justice of the Peace. They moved to Cache Valley in 1864 at the request of Brigham Young. They later moved to Bear Lake County, Idaho. From 1878 to 1880 Budge was president of the European Mission, and in 1877 as well as in 1870 to 1906 they served as president of the Bear Lake Stake. From 1906 to 1918 Budge was the president of the LDS Church's Logan Utah Temple.
Budge also served as a member of the Idaho Legislature.
One of the Helaman Halls at Brigham Young University is named for Budge.
See also
Julia Budge House
Notes
References
Ernest L. Wilkinson, ed., Brigham Young University: The First One Hundred Years (Provo: BYU Press, 1975) Vol. 1, p. 85-86.
1828 births
1919 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
Converts to Mormonism
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
Mormon missionaries in Italy
Mormon missionaries in Germany
Mormon missionaries in Switzerland
Mormon missionaries in England
Mormon missionaries in Scotland
Mormon pioneers
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Lanark
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Scottish leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Scottish Mormon missionaries
Temple presidents and matrons (LDS Church)
Wade Harper (born 1963/1964) is an American politician, the former mayor of Antioch, California.  They are the first African American to be elected as mayor.
Biography
Harper was born and raised in Oakland, California, the youngest of three children. Their mother was a single mom who remarried a Vietnam veteran who gave them a disciplined upbringing. In 1988, Harper accepted a position as a police dispatcher in Emeryville, California later rising to the rank of sergeant and then in 2005, as a police officer in Tracy, California. rising to the rank of lieutenant. They graduated with a B.A. in pastoral studies from Patten University and an M.B.A. from John F. Kennedy University. In 2001, they moved to Antioch. In 2009, they were appointed to the Antioch Unified School District's Board of Trustees. In 2010, they won a 4-year term on the City Council, the second African-American to serve on the council after Reggie Moore, who was elected in 2006 reflecting Antioch's growing Black population which had increased from 10% in 2000 to 17% in 2010. In 2012, running on a zero tolerance platform, they won election as mayor succeeding James Davis. They were the first African-African mayor of Antioch in its 162 year history. As the mayorship, unlike the City Council, was a full-time position, they also retired from their job as a police lieutenant in Tracy. In January 2015, an unsuccessful recall effort was launched against them due to concerns over the still high levels of violent and property crime. In the November 8, 2016 general election, they were narrowly defeated for re-election by a margin of 67 votes by Sean Wright.
Personal life
Harper is an anointed preacher.  They are married to Lisa Harper; they have two children.
Wade Harper is a published authored. They published their first book in 2018, “Anointed for Leadership: Lessons from Law Enforcement and Pastoral Ministry.” They published their second book in 2021 entitled, “Keep Antioch Beautiful.”
In November of 2020 Wade accepting a position as CEO of a non-profit, Glad Tidings Community Development Corporation in Hayward, CA.
References
1960s births
Living people
African-American mayors in California
21st-century African-American people
"Queen's Music" is part of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Queen's University at Kingston, in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The School of Music is housed on the main campus of the University within Harrison-LeCaine Hall on Bader Lane, named after Frank Ll. Harrison, the first professor of music at Queen's, and Hugh LeCaine, composer and electronic instrument builder.
Founded in 1969 as the Department of Music, students at the School can enroll in the Bachelor of Music (B. Mus) program, Bachelor of Arts (Music) program, or the Concurrent Education (Music) program.
The current director of the School is Craig Walker. Past directors have included John Burge, István Anhalt, Ireneus Zuk, Alfred Fisher, Gordon E. Smith, and Margaret Walker.
References
External links
School of Music
School of Music
The 1984 Nippon Professional Baseball season was the 35th season of operation for the league.
Regular season standings
Central League
Pacific League
Japan Series
Hiroshima Toyo Carp won the series 4–3.
See also
1984 Major League Baseball season
References
1984 in baseball
1984 in Japanese sport
The 2016–17 season was Peterborough United's 57th year in the Football League and their fourth consecutive season in the third tier, League One. Along with League One, the club participated in the FA Cup, League Cup and Football League Trophy. The season covered the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.
Squad
Statistics
|-
|colspan=14|Player(s) out on loan:
|-
|colspan=14|Player(s) who returned to their parent clubs:
|-
|colspan=14|Player(s) who left the club:
|}
Goals record
Disciplinary Record
Transfers
Transfers in
Loans in
Transfers out
Loans out
Competitions
Pre-season friendlies
League One
League table
Matches
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
References
Peterborough United F.C. seasons
Peterborough United
Tharsis is a 2016 strategy video game developed and published by Choice Provisions. It was released worldwide in January 2016 for Windows and Mac OS X through the download service Steam, as well as for PlayStation 4, and later in April 2020 for the Nintendo Switch. The game follows a team of astronauts on the first crewed mission to Mars, in order to track down a signal that is apparently extraterrestrial in origin. After being hit by a micrometeorite storm, they must resort to desperate measures to survive the trip.
A turn-based game played using simulated virtual dice, the player controls four characters, attempting to fix problems with the ship and keep the crew alive each turn by managing their dice cache, health, and stress level. Developed by designer Zach Gage and the indie development studio Choice Provisions, the game was created to mimic a board game experience.
Critics were polarized on whether the gameplay was deeply strategic or overly dependent on random chance, and the game was more poorly received by video game reviewers than streamers, board game players or other developers.
Gameplay
Tharsis allows players to control four astronauts with unique jobs and abilities inside a heavily damaged spacecraft, the Iktomi. The game lasts for 10 in-game weeks, during which time the player must attempt to reach Mars without any of the crew perishing. At the start of each week, at least two parts of the ship will have a problem in need of repair, and which, if left alone, can damage the ship's hull integrity or crewmember health. The player can click each astronaut to deploy them to a certain module for that turn and repair them using the astronaut's dice. If a problem is not repaired after all crew members move, the negative effect will trigger.
Each astronaut has their own health points, stress meter, and dice cache. Every roll of the dice decreases the character's maximum dice by one unless replenished with food. Problems can only be repaired by adding enough dice to match the indicated number. However, there are several types of hazards that can hinder dice rolls, which can only be avoided by gaining "assists". There are a maximum of three assists at a time, and one is consumed to prevent a hazard. Besides using the dice to repair, each room has a bonus that can be activated by rolling a certain dice, or combination of them. Extra dice can also be invested into research, allowing beneficial abilities to be used at a later time.
At the end of each week, crew can work on side projects that the player can choose from. Usually, these side projects have both a positive and negative effect. The higher the crew's stress, the worse the negative effects, and if crew are allowed to go insane, they will work on a solo side project with a more drastic effect than usual, and may harm the other crew. The crew can also eat food, if any, during this time. Cannibalism can be used as a last resort if the crew runs out of food. The player can choose to feed the body of a crew member who died in the beginning of the game to various surviving crew. However, this has significant negative consequences to the characters' stress levels and maximum health, and affects the game's ending.
Plot
The game is set in the near future, where Earth has received a mysterious signal from Tharsis on Mars. With scientists believing it to be a sign of extraterrestrial life, the Iktomi is built, and its six crewmembers are sent to Mars to investigate the anomaly. Depending on the characters used, the voice of the commander will be either male or female. However, halfway through their mission, the ship is suddenly hit by a micrometeorite storm that kills two crew members, Mapiya Musgrave and J. Cross, and destroys the Pantry where the food is stored. With limited food supplies and crew, disasters start running rampant throughout the ship, and the astronauts are forced to constantly fight to survive. Despite still being able to contact Mission Control, they are unable to turn back home.
During the journey, the crew deciphers data sent from Tharsis and realizes that it shows what seems to be an exact copy of the crew of the Iktomi who are in dire straits. Unsure of what to make of this data, they manage to survive until they reach Mars and launch the capsule, while the Iktomi remains in orbit and is destroyed. The crew tracks down the signal and comes across an alien artifact. Suddenly, the artifact flashes with a bright light. If one or more of the Iktomi's crew is dead, the artifact's energy release seemingly kills everyone. One of the crew manages to survive long enough to send a distress call, which the artifact sends back in time, creating a causal loop. However, if all of the crew survive, then one of the crew members manages to pick up a rock and throw it at the artifact, destroying it in a massive explosion, with their ultimate fate unknown and Mars now covered in a layer of snow, implying the planet can now support human life.
Development
According to an interview with Mike Roush, co-founder of Choice Provisions, the original inspiration for Tharsis was the story of the whaling ship Essex, which was sunk by a whale, forcing the crew to resort to desperate attempts to stay alive, including cannibalism. The game was also inspired by the Apollo 13 mission and the fact that they were forced to use unusual household items to maintain the air scrubber.
The game was also created out of Choice Provisions's desire not to be "typecast" as a studio that only developed the Bit.Trip series or worked in an 8-bit retro style. Tharsis's art style was based on 70's sci-fi designs such as those used in Space: 1999 and UFO, but which was updated to be realistic in a modern-day context. The pastel color scheme was derived from that of a children's xylophone. The soundtrack consists of tracks from the album Half Age EP by Weval.
The dice mechanic was used due to a perceived resurgence in the popularity of board games, as well as due to the uniqueness of the concept in video games. A challenge that was noted was the high learning curve of the game, which caused people to abandon it instead of watching the tutorial or delving deeper into the strategic mechanics. The game was balanced to provide a degree of challenge such that players could not beat the game on their first try, but required repeated attempts to be able to get further and further. The game's development took approximately two years to complete.
Reception
Since its release on Steam, Tharsis has received "mixed or average" reception, according to review aggregator Metacritic. Amongst positive reviews, Matt Peckham of Time called the game "ingenious" and "brutally exacting". Reviewer Andrei Dumitrescu of Softpedia cited "interesting mechanics" and "a lot of replayability", despite the high difficulty, and that the game showed how humans persevere in the face of hopeless odds. Brian Dumlao of Worthplaying scored the game moderately, praising the "lovingly rendered" graphics of the ship despite the "generic" characters, and saying the music was "done very well", though mentioning that the game was "not for everyone", and that people who weren't comfortable with losing far more often than they would win would be unhappy with the game.
A common point of criticism was that success was perceived to be overly based on random chance. Patrick Hancock of Destructoid praised the game's graphics as "wonderful", aside from the faces of the crew members, but criticized the game for relying "too much on dice rolls", leading to the feeling that winning is too dependent on luck and "destroy[ing] one's interest in trying again". Rob Zacny of IGN stated that they felt that they had gotten "lucky" when things went well, instead of doing "something clever". Tyler Wilde of PC Gamer called the game it highly "dependent on chance", and suggested that the difficulty varies widely depending on how good your dice rolls are for that particular playthrough.
According to designer Zach Gage, the game was one of the most critically divisive they ever worked on. The game received an overall negative response from publications that were video game focused, while it received a more positive response from streamers, board game players, and developers. They believe this is due to the fact that games of chance are usually used as a lazy shortcut to make things harder, or to take the player's money in mobile games, which caused the gameplay of Tharsis to be overlooked.
References
External links
Official website
2016 video games
Choice Provisions games
Digital board games
Indie video games
MacOS games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
Science fiction video games
Single-player video games
Turn-based strategy video games
Video games about mental health
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Video games designed by Zach Gage
Video games set on Mars
Box Ridge, New South Wales is a bounded rural locality in New South Wales. The suburb is adjacent to the town of Binnaway and lies on the Binnaway to Werris Creek Railway. The locality is southeast of Coonabarabran.
References
Localities in New South Wales
Jurriën David Norman Timber (born 17 June 2001) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Eredivisie club Ajax and the Netherlands national team. Mainly a centre-back, they can also play as a right-back.
Club career
Ajax
Timber made their senior debut for Ajax in a 3–1 win over SC Heerenveen on 7 March 2020.
They scored their first career goal for Ajax against Emmen on 2 May 2021. It was the opening goal in an eventual 4–0 win. That result confirmed Ajax as Eredivisie champions for a record 35th time.
International career
Timber was selected to the Netherlands squad for UEFA Euro 2020. They made their debut for the team on 2 June 2021 in a friendly against Scotland, as a starter.
Personal life
Born in the Netherlands, Timber and their twin brother Quinten Timber, who is also a footballer, are of Aruban and Curaçaoan descent. Their mother Marilyn is from Aruba and their father is from Curaçao, both part of the ABC Islands in the Dutch Caribbean. Due to past situations, the family took on their maternal name Timber instead of taking the last name of their father Maduro. The twins also have three older brothers Shamier, Chris, and Dylan.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2020–21, 2021–22
KNVB Cup: 2020–21
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2018
Individual
Curaçao Player of the Year: 2021
Eredivisie Talent of the Month: September 2021, November 2021
Ajax Talent of the Year (Marco van Basten Award): 2021–22
References
External links
Career stats - Voetbal International
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Utrecht (city)
Twin people from the Netherlands
Identical twins
Twin sportspeople
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
Netherlands international footballers
Dutch people of Aruban descent
Dutch people of Curaçao descent
Association football defenders
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Austin James Highley (born February 28, 1997), better known by the ring name Ace Austin, is an American professional wrestler.  They are currently signed to Impact Wrestling, where they are a former three-time X Division Champion. They also make appearances for New Japan Pro Wrestling, where they are a member of Bullet Club. They began their career in Combat Zone Wrestling after graduating from the "Wild Samoan Pro-Wrestling Training center" wrestling school and has also competed for various promotions throughout the United States and Mexico including Major League Wrestling, Tommy Dreamer's House of Hardcore, Florida-based World Xtreme Wrestling, and Mexico's Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Austin began their career in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) after graduating from the "CZW Dojo" wrestling school. They spent their early years also wrestling for the Anoa'i family's World Xtreme Wrestling promotion.
Impact Wrestling
X Division Champion (2019–2020)
In early 2019, vignettes began airing to promote Ace Austin's debut in Impact Wrestling. On the March 8 episode of Impact!, Austin made their debut in Impact by defeating Jake Atlas. It was then revealed that Austin had signed with the company. Eventually over the next couple of weeks, Austin would remain undefeated against Damian Hyde and Aiden Prince before making their pay-per-view debut at the United We Stand event, where they participated in an Ultimate X match to determine the #1 contender for the X Division Championship. Johnny Impact won the match. Austin continued their winning streak by defeating Aiden Prince, Eddie Edwards, Jake Crist, Jake Deaner and Petey Williams in a six-way match at Rebellion. Austin would then engage in a brief feud with Williams, which led to a match between the two on the May 3 episode of Impact!, which Austin won. Austin's winning streak ended on the June 21 episode of Impact!, when they lost to the returning TJP. Austin received title shots for the X Division Championship at Code Red and Unbreakable, but failed to win on both occasions.
Since the summer of 2019, Austin would enter into a feud with Eddie Edwards over their wife, Alisha. Austin defeated Edwards in a match on the October 11 episode of Impact! to qualify for a five-way ladder match for the X Division Championship at Bound for Glory, which they won by defeating Tessa Blanchard, Daga, Jake Crist and Acey Romero. Austin continued their feud with Edwards, losing to them in a street fight at Prelude to Glory but won a street fight rematch on the October 29 episode of Impact!. Their feud concluded with a table match between the pair at No Surrender, which Edwards won. Austin continued to successfully defend the X Division Championship against former champion Jake Crist at Turning Point, Dez at Motown Showdown and Trey at Hard to Kill.
Austin began feuding with the Impact World Champion Tessa Blanchard in early 2020, stemming from the fact that Austin had beaten them in a ladder match to win the X Division Championship at Bound for Glory. The feud between the two led to a champion vs. champion match between the pair at Sacrifice, which Blanchard won. This win earned Blanchard a title shot against Austin for the X Division Championship on the February 25 episode of Impact!. Austin retained the title by getting disqualified after Taya Valkyrie attacked Blanchard. Austin lost the title to Willie Mack at Rebellion Night 1. They received a rematch for the title against Mack in a three-way match, also involving Chris Bey, on the May 5 episode of Impact!, where Mack retained the title.
Alliance with Madman Fulton (2020–present)
After losing the X Division Championship, Austin participated in a tournament to determine the #1 contender for the Impact World Championship. They defeated Rhino, Hernandez and Wentz to win the tournament but didn't win the title. In 2020, they began an alliance with Madman Fulton to capture the Impact World Championship. At Slammiversary, they lost a five-way elimination match for the vacant title in a match that also involved Trey, Rich Swann, Eric Young and Eddie Edwards who was the eventual winner. At Bound for Glory, Austin and Fulton participated in a match for the Impact Tag Team Championship, but were defeated by The North. Austin was inactive for weeks since Impact didn't have plans for him, but they returned as part of the 2021 Super X Cup at Genesis. At the event, they defeated Suicide in the first round, Cousin Jake in the semifinals, and Blake Christian in the finals to win the tournament. At Hard to Kill, Austin issued an open-challenge, who was answered by Matt Cardona. Austin lost the match by disqualification. At No Surrender, Austin participated in the Triple Threat Revolver to determine the number one contender for the X Division Championship, but the match was won by Josh Alexander.
On the March 2 episode of Impact!, Austin defeated Black Taurus and Chris Bey to become the number one contender for the X Division Championship at Sacrifice. At the event, Austin defeated TJP and won the title for the second time of their career. They successfully retained their title against TJP on the March 23 episode of Impact!, losing by disqualification, but lost the title to Josh Alexander at Rebellion, in a match who also included TJP, ending their reign at 43 days. They failed to regain the title against Alexander on the April 29 episode of Impact!. At Under Siege, Austin and Fulton defeated Petey Williams and TJP, XXXL (Acey Romero and Larry D) and Rohit Raju and Shera to become the new number one contenders for the Impact World Tag Team Championship. On the May 20 Episode of Impact!, Austin and Fulton were defeated by FinJuice (David Finlay and Juice Robinson) and failed to win the titles. On July 17 at Slammiversary, Austin competed in an Ultimate X match for the X Division Championship, but failed to win the title. At Emergence, they defeated Chris Sabin, Moose, and Sami Callihan in a four-way match to become the number one contender to the Impact World Championship. On September 18 at Victory Road, they faced Christian Cage for the title in a losing effort. At Bound for Glory, Austin participated in the Call Your Shot Gauntlet match, which was won by Moose. Austin then started to feud against Chris Sabin, leading to a match at Turning Point, which Austin lost.
On January 8, 2022, at the Countdown too Hard To Kill pre-show, Austin was pinned by the debuting Mike Bailey in a four-way match. During the following weeks, Austin tried to befriend Bailey, eventually teaming with them on several occasions before Bailey turned on Austin after they asked them to attack X Division champion Trey Miguel. At Rebellion, Austin defeated Bailey and Miguel in a three-way match, winning the X Division Championship for the third time of their career. Austin successfully retained their title against Rocky Romero on the May 5 episode of Impact! and against former champion Miguel at Under Siege. On June 19 at Slammiversary, Austin lost the title to Bailey in an Ultimate X match, ending their reign at 57 days.
New Japan Pro-Wrestling
Bullet Club (2022–present)
On May 1, Austin was announced to compete in the 29th annual Best of the Super Juniors event held by New Japan Pro Wrestling, they competed in the A-Block and finished with a record of 5 wins and 4 losses, resulting in a total of 10 points, failing to advance to the finals. On the final day, Austin, Alex Zayne, El Lindaman and Wheeler Yuta defeated Robbie Eagles, Yoh, Clark Connors and Titán. Later, in the night Austin interrupted a tag team match, helping Bad Luck Fale, Chase Owens and El Phantasmo defeat the United Empire's, Jeff Cobb, Great-O-Khan and Aaron Henare and celebrated with them post-match, therefore joining the Bullet Club.
Personal life
Austin is an avid skateboarder and trains in parkour.
Championships and accomplishments
AAW Wrestling
AAW Heritage Championship (2 times)
AAW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Madman Fulton
Combat Zone Wrestling
CZW Wired Championship (1 time)
Desastre Total Ultraviolento
DTU Alto Impacto Championship (1 time, current)
Impact Wrestling
Impact X Division Championship (3 times)
Super X Cup (2021)
Impact World Championship #1 Contender's Tournament (2020)
Impact Year End Awards (2 times)
X Division Star of the Year (2020)
Match of the Year (2020)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 33 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2022
The Wrestling Revolver
PWR Remix Championship (1 time)
PWR Scramble Championship (1 time)
World Xtreme Wrestling
WXW Ultimate Hybrid Championship (1 time)
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
American male professional wrestlers
Sportspeople from New Jersey
21st-century professional wrestlers
TNA/Impact X Division Champions
CZW Wired Champions
Round One: The Album is the first studio album released by the former four division boxing champion, Roy Jones Jr. The album features the single "That Was Then" which peaked at number 2 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number 57 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart in the U.S. Roy Jones Jr. would go on to release a second album with the group Body Head Bangerz, titled Body Head Bangerz: Volume One.
Track listing
Chart positions
2002 debut albums
Roy Jones Jr. albums
ru:Round One: The Album
Phyllonorycter lucetiella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Florida, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, New York, Vermont, Connecticut and Massachusetts in the United States.
The wingspan is 6–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Ostrya virginiana and Tilia species (including Tilia americana, Tilia x vulgaris and Tilia × europaea). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on underside of leaf, but it is conspicuously visible on the upperside of the leaf, due to removal of green parenchyma tissue from the upper wall. The mine is rectangular, often nearly square, and placed between two veins and unwrinkled. When complete, the mine is transparent, and the pupa, which is contained in an oval cocoon, is plainly visible.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
lucetiella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Masuyama (written: , or ) is a Japanese surname. People with this surname include:
, Japanese statistician
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese footballer
See also
Matsuyama (disambiguation)
Japanese-language surnames
Ashleigh Barty defeated Danielle Collins in the final, 6–3, 7–6(7–2) to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2022 Australian Open. They became the first home player to win an Australian Open singles title since Chris O'Neil in 1978. It was Barty's third major singles title, and they won the title without losing a set, losing just three service games during the tournament.
The final also marked Barty's last professional appearance, as they announced their retirement from the sport two months later.
Naomi Osaka was the defending champion, but they lost to Amanda Anisimova in the third round.
Barty retained the world No. 1 singles ranking after Aryna Sabalenka and Barbora Krejčíková lost in the fourth round and quarterfinals, respectively. Collins entered the WTA top 10 rankings for the first time by reaching the final.
Alizé Cornet reached their first major singles quarterfinal on their 63rd main-draw appearance, surpassing Tamarine Tanasugarn's all-time record, who reached their first quarterfinal at the 2008 Wimbledon Championships on their 45th attempt.
Kaia Kanepi becomes the first Estonian to reach quarterfinals at all four Grand Slam after their victory over no 2 seed Aryna Sabalenka in the fourth round.
For the first time since 1997, neither Venus nor Serena Williams participated in the Australian Open.
This was the last singles major for former world No. 4 and 2011 US Open champion Samantha Stosur, who announced their retirement from the discipline. They lost to Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the second round.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Championship match statistics
Seeded players
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on WTA rankings as of 10 January 2022. Rank and points before are as of 17 January 2022.
Unlike in the men's tournament, points from the 2021 women's singles tournament will be dropped at the end of this year's tournament in addition to the 2020 women's singles tournament as player's points will also be dropped as usual. The "better of 2020/2021 points" for January, February and March were announced by the WTA in September 2021, even though the 2021 tournament was held three weeks later than in 2022. Accordingly, the highest of each player's 2020 or 2021 points will be replaced by their 2022 points at the end of the tournament.
† The player did not qualify for the tournament in either 2020 or 2021. Accordingly, points for their 16th best result are deducted instead.
Withdrawn players
The following players would have been seeded, but withdrew before the tournament began.
Other entry information
Wild cards
Protected ranking
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Withdrawals
Not on entry list
On entry list
Explanatory notes
See also
2022 Australian Open – Day-by-day summaries
2022 WTA Tour
International Tennis Federation
References
External links
Draw information
Women's Singles
2022
2022 in Australian women's sport
2022 WTA Tour
2022 in women's tennis
Caraffa di Catanzaro () is an Arbëreshë town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Los Mazatlecos (The Mazatlan people) is an enforcer gang of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel. It is reportedly led by Fausto Isidro Meza Flores.
Activities
Los Mazatlecos gang were formed in the coastal city of Mazatlán, Sinaloa, from where they take their name. Initially, the gang was at the service of the drug lord Alfredo Beltrán Leyva ("El Mochomo") until they were arrested by the Mexican authorities in 2008. After their arrest, Los Mazatlecos shifted their alliance to Alfredo's brother Héctor Beltrán Leyva, the current leader of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel. The group is one of the largest gangs working for the cartel's criminal umbrella.
They are in a turf war against the Sinaloa Cartel, and are also responsible for numerous deaths and kidnappings on the Sinaloa and Durango area.
References
Gangs in Mexico
Beltrán-Leyva Cartel
Mazatlán
Mexican drug war
Brian Allen Carr (born 1979 in Austin, Texas) is an American writer.  They are the author of the short story collection Short Bus (2011) and was the winner of the inaugural Texas Observer Story Prize as judged by Larry McMurtry in 2011. Carr was also a finalist for the Texas Institute of Letters Steven Turner Award for First Fiction, 2011. Their stories have appeared in Annalemma, Boulevard, Fiction International, Hobart, Keyhole and Texas Review, among others.  They are still battling male pattern baldness aggressively.
Their book "Sip" has been greenlit for movie production for a future date.
Bibliography
Short Bus (2011, Texas Review Press)
Vampire Conditions (2012, Holler Presents)
Edie & the Low-Hung Hands (2013, Small Doggie Press)
Motherfucking Sharks (2013, Lazy Fascist Press)
The Last Horror Novel in the History of the World (2014, Lazy Fascist Press)
Sip (2017, Soho Press)
Opioid, Indiana (2019, Soho Press)
References
External links
Official site
Short Bus site
Holler Presents
1978 births
American male writers
Living people
The Città di Forlì is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It is currently part of the ATP Challenger Tour. It has been held annually in Forlì, Italy, since 2021.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
ATP Challenger Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Italy
Forlì
Recurring sporting events established in 2021
Sengottai () is a 1996 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by C. V. Sasikumar. The film stars Arjun Sarja, Meena and Rambha. The film, produced by R. B. Choudary, had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 19 April 1996. The film bombed at the box-office.
Plot
Thirumoorthy (Rajan P. Dev), a corrupt politician, dreams to become the prime minister and hires a terrorist to kill the current prime minister. In jail, Sekhar (Arjun Sarja) is engaged by a terrorist, and they escape from the jail. They reveal that they are a police officer, kills the terrorists and catches the leader.  They are then praised for saving the prime minister by their superiors.
Yamuna (Rambha) is in love with Sekhar. Nilakantha (Delhi Ganesh), an orthodox Brahmin, is Sekhar's father's (Vijayakumar) best friend and Sekhar's father decides to marry their son to Nilakantha's daughter Meena (Meena). Franka, a French citizen, lives with them to learn about their culture. Sekhar also falls in love with Yamuna, and their father accepts for their marriage. Sekhar has the mission to find Franka, who is supposed to be lost. A killer misses killing Sekhar and kills Yamuna.
Sekhar goes to Nilakantha's house, and it was empty. Meena is now in jail for killing Franka. Sekhar invites Thirumoorthy for Gandhi Jayanthi in jail, and Meena attempts to kill him. The same killer who killed Yamuna tries to kill Meena, but Sekhar saves them and kills the killer. Sekhar enquires Meena, and they reveal the truth.
Franka handbag got robbed with their passport inside it. Meena and Franka complained at the police station. Franka was called at the police station, but Thirumoorthy raped her, and they died. Thangamani (Anandaraj), a police officer, promised to Meena to arrest the culprit, and they first prevented their partner Thirumoorthy. Thangamani arrested Meena, and the villagers humiliated their family, Meena's family have self-immolated.
Sekhar married Meena in the jail, and Meena is released on bail. Sekhar is unable to arrest Thirumoorthy because it would be a black mark for their country. Thangamani refuses to provide information to Sekhar, so they beat Thangamani. Thangamani reveals all about Thirumoorthy, however, a hitman kills Thangamani and kidnaps Sekhar. Thirumoorthy threatens Sekhar to kill their father and their wife if they don't kill the prime minister himself.
Despite, Sekhar is escorted by Thirumoorthy's henchmen in the plane, they manage to escape from the plane. They find the place where their father and their wife are sequestrated, and saves them.
To save the prime minister, Sekhar finds the sniper and kills him. Thirumoorthy decides to kill the prime minister, but Sekhar saves them and kills Thirumoorthy.
Cast
Arjun Sarja as SP Sekhar IPS
Meena as Meena
Rambha as Yamuna
Vijayakumar as Sekhar's father
Rajan P. Dev as Thirumoorthy
Hemanth Ravan
Delhi Ganesh as Nilakanda sasthri
Kumarimuthu
Chinni Jayanth
Roshan Seth as Prime Minister
Sethu Vinayagam
Franka as Franka
Raveendar Nath
Beemarao
Naga Kannan
Kalajothi Jayanthi
Dhanush
Madan Sundar
Salim
Khan
Jayanthi
Latha
Anandaraj as Thangamani (guest appearance)
Vadivelu (guest appearance)
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Vidyasagar. The soundtrack, released in 1996, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Vaali, Vairamuthu, Muthulingam and Palani Bharathi.
References
1996 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Films set in Tamil Nadu
Films shot in Tamil Nadu
Films set in Delhi
Films shot in Delhi
Films about terrorism in India
Central Bureau of Investigation in fiction
Films set in Uttar Pradesh
Films shot in Agra
Indian political thriller films
Films about rape in India
Cultural depictions of prime ministers of India
Indian action thriller films
1996 action thriller films
1990s political thriller films
Super Good Films films
USS Viper – commissioned as USS Ferret – was a brig serving the United States Navy during the early days of the republic. Viper was assigned to enforce the Embargo Act of 1807 along the U.S. East Coast. During the War of 1812, while cruising in the Caribbean, they were captured by the more heavily armed British warships. They then served the Royal Navy as HMS Mohawk until the Navy sold them in 1814. While in British service they served in several actions that earned their crew the Naval General Service Medal,
Built in Virginia
The first ship to be named Viper by the Navy, was originally the cutter Ferret. They were designed by the naval architect Josiah Fox and built at the Gosport Navy Yard, Portsmouth, Virginia, between 1806 and 1809, and was commissioned under their old name on 18 April 1809, Lieutenant Christopher Gadsden, Jr., in command.
Enforcing the Embargo Act of 1807
Shortly after their commissioning, Ferret cruised along the coast of the Carolinas and Georgia to aid in the enforcement of the Embargo Act of 1807. They were renamed Viper during re-rigging as a brig at the Washington Navy Yard in 1809 and 1810, and from Washington sailed to New Orleans, Louisiana, arriving there on 18 March 1811. Viper remained off the U.S. Gulf Coast enforcing the Embargo Act until the outbreak of the War of 1812.
Captured during the War of 1812
During the war, Viper proved woefully inadequate in deep water operations against the larger, more heavily gunned British warships. On 17 January 1813 the 32-gun frigate HMS Narcissus captured Viper off the coast of Belize, British Honduras and took them to New Providence in the Bahama Islands. At the time of their capture Viper was armed with 12 guns, had a crew of 93 men and had been cruising for seven weeks off Havana, having made no captures.
British service
Renamed Mohawk by the Royal Navy, they were commissioned under Commander Henry Dilkes Byng for operations in the Chesapeake.
Mohawk was one of the vessels of Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren's squadron that contributed boats and men to the cutting out expedition up the Rappahannock River on 13 April 1813. The British party under Lieutenant J. Puckinghorne rowed 15 miles upriver to capture four American letters of marque schooners: Dolphin, Lynx, Racer and Arab. Although the British sustained a number of casualties, Mohawk themselves sustained none.
The British took three of the schooners into service. Lynx became . Racer became , and retained their name. It was difficult for the British to free Arab and though they eventually succeeded, the vessel was apparently badly damaged and was not commissioned for British service. They were taken to Halifax, Nova Scotia, where the Vice admiralty court condemned Arab, of 350 tons, Fitch, master. They had been carrying a cargo of flour.
Mohawk was among the vessels benefiting from a number of captures. Announcements of prize money and head-money include:
On 29 April 1813, boats from Mohawk, together with boats from , Dolphin, and and Racer, which had not yet been renamed, went up the Chesapeake Bay to Frenchtown to destroy five American ships and stores; they also purchased provisions for the squadron from the locals. This took until 3 May 1813 to complete. On the way back, a battery fired on the British from the shore; a landing party destroyed the battery. The Admiralty would later issue the clasp "28 April Boat Service 1813" for the Naval General Service Medal to all surviving claimants from the action.
Mohawk was among the ships benefiting from the proceeds of the capture of the American ships Rolla (29 May) and Protectress (18 June). They were also among the vessels benefiting from the capture of the Spanish brig St. Iago (11 June 1813), the American schooner Surveyor (12 June), the American ships Governor Strong and Emily (12 June), Star (14 June), and Herman (21 June).
On 14 July 1813 the brigs and Mohawk spotted the American schooner USS Asp and the USS Scorpion and immediately gave chase. Scorpion made good their escape up the Chesapeake, but Asp's poor sailing qualities forced them to put back into the Yeocomico River. Contest and Mohawk anchored off the bar and prepared a boat expedition.
Contests cutter, under the command of Lieutenant Curry, and Mohawks cutter, under the command of Lieutenant Hutchinson, followed Asp three or four miles up the Yeocomico. Asp was armed with one long 18-pounder gun and two 18-pounder carronades, together with some swivels. They had a crew of 20 men under the command of Midshipman Sigourney.
As the British boats approached, Asp cut their cable and tried to escape further up the river. The American account states that three British boats attacked but were repelled. Then two other British boats joined the first three for a second attempt, which proved successful. The Americans fought valiantly in spite of the lopsided odds. Midshipman Sigourney and ten of their 20-man crew were killed defending their ship while the remainder escaped ashore when further resistance became hopeless.
Despite fire from Asp and from militia on the shore, the British captured Asp within a short time, but at a cost of two men killed and six wounded, including Lieutenant Curry (slightly). The British set fire to Asp and retired. At that point, Asps second in command, Midshipman H. McClintock, led the remnants of Asps crew back on board, extinguished the flames, and put them back in fighting trim. For whatever reason, the British declined to renew the combat.
Fate
Commander Henry Litchfield assumed command in July 1813. Mohawk was sold in 1814.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
DANFS - Ferret I and DANFS - Viper I:
DANFS - Asp II:
Ships built in Norfolk, Virginia
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Brigs of the United States Navy
Vessels captured from the United States Navy
War of 1812 ships of the United Kingdom
1806 ships
Oral Lake is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Ruaidhri Ó Flaithbheartaigh () was King of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name.
Biography
Ruaidhri was a brother of the preceding chief, Morogh. Ruaidhri and their brother may have accompanied Felim mac Cathal Crobderg Ua Conchobair (reigned 1233–1256), on an expedition to Wales in 1245 under Henry III.
It is not known when Ruaidhri became chief, so it is not certain if an annals entry of 1248 refers to him. It states "The entire of Conmaicne Mara was plundered by the English. The English went upon an expedition against O'Flaherty, who defeated them, and killed numbers of them." An entry of 1256 - "Mac William Burke set out on a predatory expedition against Rory O'Flaherty; they plundered Gno-More and Gno-Beg, and took possession of all Lough Oirbsion (Lough Corrib)" - leaves no doubt that by then they ruled the area.
It is not known when they ceased to be chief. The annals for 1273 state that "Roderic O'Flaherty was banished from West Connaught", but not by whom, or under what circumstances. James Hardiman says of him:
<blockquote>
they found, by experience, that it was safer to rely on the battle-axes of their bold Galloglas (Gallowglass) than on appeals to the sovereign against Anglo-Norman outrage in Ireland. In their time the Joyces, a family of British extraction, settled in the northern part of the territory, by the permission and under the protection of the O'Flaherties.
</blockquote>
These years also marked the final eradication of any authority the Ó Flaithbheartaigh had over their original homeland of Uí Briúin Seóla. The rest of their history as an independent people would be as rulers of Iar Connacht, or as it is now known, Connemara. Hardiman goes on to say:
Before the close of the thirteenth century, the O'Flaherties became masters of the entire territory of Iar-Connacht, extending from the western banks of Lough Orbsen, to the shores of the Atlantic. Separated from the rest of the kingdom, in that peninsulated, and then almost inaccessible district, they interfered but little in the external transactions of the province, and are, therefore, but seldom noted in our Annals for the two succeeding centuries.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster'' at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
Ruaidhri
13th-century Irish monarchs
Samuel Plimsoll (10 February 1824 – 3 June 1898) was a British politician and social reformer, now best remembered for having devised the Plimsoll line (a line on a ship's hull indicating the maximum safe draught, and therefore the minimum freeboard for the vessel in various operating conditions).
Early life
Samuel Plimsoll was born in Bristol and soon moved to Whiteley Wood Hall, Sheffield, also spending part of their childhood in Penrith, Cumberland. Leaving school at an early age, they became a clerk at Rawson's Brewery, and rose to be manager.
In 1853, they attempted to become a coal merchant in London. They failed and was reduced to destitution. They themselves told how for a time they lived in a common lodging for seven shillings and two pence a week.
Through this experience, they learnt to sympathise with the struggles of the poor, and when their good fortune returned, they resolved to devote their time to improving their condition.
Their efforts were directed especially against what were known as "coffin ships": unseaworthy and overloaded vessels, often heavily insured, in which unscrupulous owners risked the lives of their crews.
Political career
In 1867, Plimsoll was elected as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Derby, and endeavoured in vain to pass a bill dealing with the subject of a safe load line on ships. The main problem was the number of powerful ship-owning MPs in Parliament.
In 1872, they published a work entitled Our Seamen, which became well known throughout the country. Accordingly, on Plimsoll's motion in 1873, a Royal Commission was appointed, and in 1875 a government bill was introduced, which Plimsoll, though regarding it as inadequate, resolved to accept.
On 22 July, the Prime Minister, Benjamin Disraeli, announced that the bill would be dropped. Plimsoll lost their self-control, applied the term "villains" to members of the House, and shook their fist in the Speaker's face.
Disraeli moved that they be reprimanded, but on the suggestion of Lord Hartington agreed to adjourn the matter for a week to allow Plimsoll time for thought.
Eventually Plimsoll made an apology. Many people, however, shared their view that the bill had been stifled by the pressure of the shipowners, and popular feeling forced the government to pass a bill which in the following year was amended into the Merchant Shipping Act.
This gave stringent powers of inspection to the Board of Trade, and the mark that indicates the safe limit to which a ship may be loaded became generally known as Plimsoll's mark or line.
Plimsoll was re-elected for Derby at the general election of 1880 by a great majority, but gave up their seat to William Vernon Harcourt, believing that the latter, as Home Secretary, could advance sailors' interests more effectively than any private member.
Offered a seat by 30 constituencies, Plimsoll was an unsuccessful candidate in Sheffield Central in 1885. They did not re-enter the house, and later became estranged from the Liberal leaders by what they regarded as their breach of faith in neglecting the question of shipping reform.
They were for some years the honorary president of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, and drew attention to the horrors of the cattle-ships, where animals were transported under appalling and over-crowded conditions.
Later life
Later, they visited the United States to try to secure the adoption of a less bitter tone towards England in the historical textbooks used in American schools.
They died in Folkestone on 3 June 1898, and is buried in St Martin's churchyard, Cheriton, Kent.
Family
Plimsoll married their first wife, Eliza Ann, daughter of Hugh Railton of Chapeltown, near Sheffield, in 1858. In Census 1871 they were enumerated in Hastings where Eliza Ann is recorded as being blind in their right eye and deaf in their left ear. They died in Australia in 1882. There were no children by this marriage. They married their second wife, Harriet Frankish, daughter of Mr. Joseph Armitage Wade, J.P., of Hull and Hornsea, in 1885. By this marriage there were six children, of whom a son, Samuel Richard Cobden Plimsoll, and two daughters survived him.
Legacy
In 1873, the Samuel Plimsoll, an iron hulled full-rigged merchant sailing ship, was launched at the shipyard of Walter Hood & Co. in Aberdeen, Scotland for the Aberdeen White Star Line (G. Thompson & Co.). They were assigned the official British Reg. No. 65097 and the signal MKDH. In 1899, they caught fire in the Thames River and had to be scuttled, but was refloated and repaired in 1900. In 1902, they were severely dismasted and damaged on voyage to Port Chalmers, Australia. Towed to Sydney and subsequently to Fremantle, they were reduced to hulk status the following year.
In the 1920s, Plimsoll shoes were named for their similarity in appearance to the Plimsoll line on boats.
In Whitehall Garden, a Victoria Embankment garden, there is a monument to Samuel Plimsoll in front of the railings.
A monument bust of Plimsoll is located in their native Bristol, on the banks of Bristol Harbour in the Canons Marsh area.
British writer Nicolette Jones published The Plimsoll Sensation, a highly acclaimed biography – getting the idea for it from living in 1995 in Plimsoll Road in Finsbury Park, north London, but knowing hardly anything about whom it was named after.
Samuel Plimsoll appears in the third series of the BBC historical television drama The Onedin Line, portrayed by actor David Garfield.
References
Attribution
External links
"Our Seamen: An Appeal" by Samuel Plimsoll, 1873, at The Internet Archive
"The sailor's friend" (book review), The Economist, Jul 6th 2006 (payment required)
"The Plimsoll Sensation" (podcast), The British Library, Jul 7th 2006#
"The Bottom Line About Mr. Plimsoll", The Observer, 25 June 2006
Review of "The Plimsoll Sensation" in Bookworm on the Net, 2 July 2006
Re: Monument in Whitehall Garden. London Parks & Gardens Trust, London Gardens Online. See under heading 'Fuller Information', paragraph 'The south-western sections..'."
1824 births
1898 deaths
People from Fulwood, Sheffield
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Politicians from Sheffield
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
British reformers
British social reformers
Burials in Kent
Alfred Gager (10 February 1942 – 10 January 2022) was an Austrian footballer who played as a midfielder for Austria Wien and Wacker Vienna. They made six appearances for the Austria national team from 1962 to 1963. Gager died on 10 January 2022, at the age of 79.
References
External links
1942 births
2022 deaths
Austrian footballers
Association football midfielders
Austria international footballers
FK Austria Wien players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
Footballers from Vienna
DPMS (Defense Procurement Manufacturing Services) Panther Arms is an American manufacturer headquartered in West Columbia, South Carolina, known for its wide range of military and civilian rifles and accessories.
History
Randy Luth founded Defense Procurement Manufacturing Services (DPMS) in 1985 in Osseo, Minnesota as a precision machine shop for manufacturing M203, M14 and M16 parts for U.S. military contracts. In the later 1990s, the company employed 30 people selling Colt 1911 and AR-15 parts and accessories and moved the company to Becker, Minnesota. DPMS later began producing AR-15 style rifles.
DPMS moved to St. Cloud, Minnesota in 2004. In 2007, the firm was named one of The Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal'''s "50 fastest-growing privately held companies". DPMS doubled its revenue between 2004–2007 and employed 65 people in 2008.
Freedom Group purchased DPMS Panther Arms on December 14, 2007, the same year it purchased Marlin Firearms. Freedom Group was a consortium of firearms manufacturers and was part of Cerberus Capital Management, a New York private equity investment firm. Cerberus combined DPMS with Bushmaster Firearms International, Remington Arms and Cobb Manufacturing to form the Freedom Group. Remington was the company's immediate corporate parent.
On December 20, 2012, Cerberus announced they were selling their Freedom Group brands, including DPMS, based on pressure from a California pension board. This transaction has failed to occur as of May 2014.
DPMS was purchased by JJE Capital Holdings LLC on September 29, 2020 during the Remington bankruptcy proceedings.
Products
The company manufactures AR-15 style rifles chambered for the Remington/5.56×45mm NATO, and AR-10-pattern rifles for the Winchester and Remington cartridges, among others.
The company attracted attention within the firearms industry with its version of the AR-10, the Panther LR-308, earning the NRA Publication's magazine Shooting Illustrated 2005 Golden Bullseye Award for "Rifle of the Year". In 2006 the "Panther LR-308AP4" earned the NRA Publication's magazine American Rifleman'' Golden Bullseye Award for "Rifle of the Year". In 2008, DPMS introduced the LR-338 chambered in the Federal cartridge.
Production relocation
DPMS's St. Cloud production facility with 115 employees was closed and production has been moved to Remington's new non-union facility in Huntsville, Alabama. Remington's Ilion, New York production facility closed down two production lines for their Bushmaster-branded AR-15 style semi-automatic rifle and R-1 1911-pattern pistol and moved them to Huntsville. In 2014 Remington moved production of two gun lines and 150 jobs from New York to Alabama because of New York state's gun laws which banned the sale of those products in the state, and consolidated its production from six locations into Huntsville in order to increase efficiency, and reduce production and labor costs. The six companies being relocated were: Advanced Armament Corp, of Lawrenceville, Georgia; Montana Rifleman, of Kalispell, Montana; TAPCO; LAR Manufacturing, of West Jordan, Utah; Para USA (formerly Para-Ordnance); and DPMS.
Notes
External links
DPMS Panther Arms
Firearm manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Minnesota
St. Cloud, Minnesota
Cerberus Capital Management companies
Pamphobeteus nigricolor is a large species of tarantula found in Colombia, Peru and Brazil. First described in 1875 by Anton Ausserer as Lasiodora nigricolor, in 1901 Reginald Innes Pocock moved it to the new genus Pamphobeteus, and designated it as the genus's type species.
References
Theraphosidae
Spiders of Brazil
Arthropods of Colombia
Spiders described in 1875
Spiders of South America
Ward No. 11, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 2, covering parts of Shyambazar, Burtolla and Hatibagan neighbourhoods in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 11 is bordered on the north by the junction of Bidhan Sarani and Acharya Prafulla Chandra Sarani (Panch Mathar Morh); on the east by Acharya Prafulla Chandra Sarani; on the south by Raja Rajkrishna Street; and on the west by Bidhan Sarani.
The ward is served by Burtolla police station of Kolkata Police.
Amherst Street Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the North and North Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Amherst Street, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Cossipore, Chitpur, Sinthi, Burtolla and Tala.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 11, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 22,152, of which 12,086 (55%) were males and 10,066 (45%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,187. The total number of literates in Ward No. 11 was 18,440 (87.96% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Maniktala (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
The Government of Oklahoma City operates under a council-manager form of city government and consists of the mayor, the Oklahoma City Council, the city manager, and various departments and services. City administrative staff and elected officials have offices at the historic city hall located on the western edge of the central business district in Downtown Oklahoma City.
History
The Oklahoma City Charter was adopted in 1911. An amendment in 1927 established the council-manager form of government.
Mayor and City Council
The Oklahoma City Council is non-partisan and its nine members are elected to four-year terms. Oklahoma City is divided into eight wards, and voters in each ward elect a council member to represent that ward. The mayor is the voting member who is elected by all voters of the city, and is the Chief Executive of the City and President of the Council. The city council enacts ordinances, adopts city budgets, and appoints a city manager to serve as the City's chief administrative official.
The salary of the members of the council is $12,000 and the salary of the Mayor is $24,000.
City Manager
Under Oklahoma City's council-manager form of government, the city manager is the chief administrative office of the city. The city manager has the ultimate responsibility of Oklahoma City's administration and operations and is appointed by the city council. The city's budget is prepared by the city manager for the city council's consideration, which was $1.65 billion for FY 2022.
The current city manager is Craig Freeman and assumed office on January 2, 2019, after Jim Couch announced their retirement after serving as city manager for 18 years.
The salary of the city manager is $268,224.
Federal representation
The Federal Transfer Center, Oklahoma City, a facility within the Federal Bureau of Prisons is located on the western edge of Will Rogers World Airport. Most of the city is represented by Stephanie Bice (R) of the 5th Congressional District, with a southern portion of the city represented by Tom Cole (R) of the 4th district in the United States House of Representatives.
References
Mooiplaas Wine Estate & Private Nature Reserve is a winery, vineyard and nature reserve situated in the Stellenbosch wine district of the Western Cape in South Africa. The estate dates back to 1806 when the first owner, Petrus Jacobus Bosman acquired the farm. It was bought in 1963 by Nicolaas and Mercia Roos. Mooiplaas is the Afrikaans translation for 'beautiful farm'.
The winery was recognized by the World Wide Fund for Nature as a Conservation Champion in 2020.
References
External links
http://www.mooiplaas.co.za/
Wineries of South Africa
Economy of the Western Cape
The A. B. Freeman School of Business is the business school of Tulane University, located in New Orleans, in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The school offers undergraduate programs, a full-time MBA program and other master's programs, a doctoral program, and executive education. It was a charter member of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business in 1916.
The school is known in the finance community as the publisher of Burkenroad Reports, and is regularly ranked among the top schools in finance. Additionally, Entrepreneur Magazine has ranked the Freeman School among the top twenty schools for entrepreneurship, giving the school a ranking of No. 4 in 2009. In 2018, the Freeman School's MBA program was ranked 46th in the nation by Bloomberg Businessweek and the undergraduate program was ranked 44th by U.S. News & World Report.
The school's main location, in the center of Tulane's Uptown New Orleans campus, is across a pedestrian thoroughfare (McAlister Place) from the university's student center. The school was named in honor of A. B. Freeman, a former chairperson of the Louisiana Coca-Cola Bottling Co. and a prominent New Orleans philanthropist.
History
In 1914, Tulane University's business school was founded as the College of Commerce and Business Administration. Two years later, the school became one of the fourteen founding members of the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), the nation's leading accrediting body for business schools. In 1940, the school began offering the Master of Business Administration program. The Doctor of Philosophy program began in 1976, and the Executive MBA program began in 1983.
In 1986, the school moved from Norman Mayer Memorial Hall, one of the oldest buildings on Tulane's campus, to Goldring/Woldenberg Hall. In 2018, a renovation and addition was completed, making it the Goldring/Woldenberg Business Complex (GWBC).
Academic programs
Degrees
The school offers a Bachelor of Science in Management degree, as well as numerous graduate degrees, including the Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master of Accounting (MACCT), Master of Business Analytics (MANA), Master of Finance (MFIN), Master of Management (MMG), and Master of Management in Energy (MME).
Double-degree programs
Double-degree offerings include, but are not limited to, the BSM/Master of Accounting, BSM/MBA, MBA/Master of Sustainable Real Estate Development, MBA/MD, MBA/JD (Law), MBA/MPH (Health Systems Management), and MBA/MA (Latin American Studies).
Signature programs
Burkenroad Reports
Burkenroad Reports provides stock analyses of small- to mid-size companies throughout the Texas to Florida region of the United States. Many of these companies would otherwise not be covered by bulge bracket financial firms; consequently, the reports provide unique information that investors rely on, which helps the followed companies gain access to capital. Students are the primary authors of the reports, and they get the opportunity to visit the followed companies and interview top management. This process allows students to gain practical and marketable stock analysis skills, as well as insight into strategic management. The Burkenroad Reports program celebrated its 25th year in 2018.
Darwin Fenner Student Managed Fund
In the Darwin Fenner Student Managed Fund course, students actively manage more than $5.8 million of Tulane University's endowment in three separate equity portfolios – and regularly beat the benchmark indexes. Students are empowered to manage real risk with real money by studying academic research and learning methods for analyzing stocks while managing a mid-cap or a small-cap portfolio. Students utilize the software and databases used by professional fund managers, including Bloomberg Terminals, ThomsonOne.com, Standard & Poor's Net Advantage, and Standard & Poor's Capital IQ.
Aaron Selber, Jr. Courses on Distressed Debt and Hedge Funds
In the Selber courses, students dedicate an entire semester to learning about distressed debt (each spring) or hedge funds (each fall). Students can apply to take one or both courses, which complement topics in the traditional long-only equity or investment grade bond world.
Global Leadership Program
As part of their international-business concentration, all Freeman MBAs complete Global Leadership Modules on conducting business in Latin America, Europe and Asia. Each module includes a trip to the region being reviewed, where classes are taught at local business schools and students get the opportunity to visit local businesses. Recent visits took place in Paris, Beijing, Monterrey, and Buenos Aires. Schools visited have included ITAM, Tsinghua University and EGADE.
Trading room
The Freeman School's trading room has ninety-eight flat-screen computer monitors, televisions to provide news coverage, and a stock ticker monitor. All the desks have access to Bloomberg and Reuters financial databases. The trading room is meant to resemble spaces that can be found usually at banks and brokerage houses.
Campus
The Freeman School's main building, the Goldring/Woldenberg Business Complex, sits in the center of Tulane's Uptown New Orleans campus, which is located on St. Charles Avenue, across from Audubon Park. The GWBC houses the undergraduate and graduate business programs and features a trading room.
In 2019, the Freeman School opened the Stewart Center CBD, a new facility in downtown New Orleans, for executive and international programs.
Current faculty
Deen Kemsley, bulge-bracket accounting consultant
Peter Ricchiuti, founder of Burkenroad Reports, former state chief investment officer
Paul Spindt, former chair of the Federal Reserve System
Scott Cowen, Tulane University president and economics professor
Notable alumni
C.W. Lemoine Author and Air Force aviator.
Ricardo Salinas Pliego, MBA 1979, Mexican business person, CEO of Grupo Elektra, 154th the wealthiest person in the world in 2008 (worth $6.3 billion)
Regina Benjamin, MBA 1991, former Surgeon General of the United States
Andrew Friedman, BSM (Finance) 1999, became General Manager of the Tampa Bay Rays at age 28
Dominik Knoll, M.B.A., CEO of World Trade Center New Orleans
Sammis Reyes (2018), business management graduate and sportsperson who later became the first Chilean to play in the NFL
Eleni M. Roumel, MBA 2000, Judge, United States Court of Federal Claims
William A. Goldring (BBA '64), Chairman, Sazerac Company, Inc.
Rankings
Several news publications, including the Financial Times, Forbes, América Economía and the U.S. News & World Report, regularly rank the Freeman School among the top 50 business schools in the nation. Individually, the Finance department has been ranked among the top 10 in the world by the Financial Times on several occasions. Also, Entrepreneur Magazine has consistently ranked Freeman among the top 20 schools for entrepreneurship.
The Freeman School's Finance department was ranked 6th in the world by the Financial Times in 2005, and 10th in 2008.
U.S. News & World Report ranked the MBA program 73rd in 2017.
Financial Times ranked the MBA program 35th in the U.S. in 2010 and 46th in 2008
Entrepreneur Magazine ranked the MBA program 4th in 2009, 17th in 2008, and 13th in 2006
AméricaEconomía magazine ranked the MBA program 24th in 2008 and 22nd in 2006
Fortune magazine's list of the Top 50 B-Schools for Getting Hired ranked the MBA program ranked 39th in February 2007 (Forbes ranked the MBA program 44th in 2007, and 52nd in 2009)
Undergraduate business program ranked 43rd by U.S. News & World Report in September 2008. The Executive MBA program ranked 6th in Latin America by AméricaEconomía magazine in August 2006.
In 2013, Tulane University reported that admissions figures for the business school had been falsified from 2007 to 2011, including increasing the average GMAT scores of students and the number of completed applications.
See also
List of business schools in the United States
List of United States business school rankings
Tulane Corporate Law Institute
References
Business schools in Louisiana
Tulane University
Educational institutions established in 1914
1914 establishments in Louisiana
de:Tulane University
es:Tulane University
Siby Mathew Peedikayil (born December 6, 1970 in Meloram) is an Indian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aitape. They were appointed bishop in 2021.
The author of the bishop's coat of arms is the Slovak heraldic artist Marek Sobola.
See also
Catholic Church in India
References
Indian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Aitape
1970 births
Living people
Kouloughlis, also spelled Koulouglis, Cologhlis and Qulaughlis (from Turkish Kuloğlu "Children of The Empire Servants" from Kul "servant/slave" + Oğlu "son of") was a term used during the period of Ottoman influence in North Africa to usually designate the mixed offspring of Ottoman officials and janissaries, and local North African women.
Definition
The exact definition of Kouloughli often varied greatly. According to historian Kay Adamson Kouloughlis were children of Janissaries and local women, while according other sources Kouloughlis were children of any Ottoman man and a North African woman. Children of Ottoman officials and European women were also often called Kouloughlis. Whether children of North African men and Turkish women were seen as Kouloughlis is up to interpretation, and varied greatly.
The title of Kouloughli went from father to child. For example Ahmed Bey of Constantine was the son of a Kouloughli, and thus they themselves was a Kouloughli. Because of this, many Kouloughli families independent of Native North African and Turkish ones formed.
Migration to North Africa
According to the Turco-Libyan historian Orhan Koloğlu, throughout the 400 years of Ottoman rule in the Maghreb and more generally North Africa, the Ottoman administration ensured that Ottoman soldiers from the Odjak of Tripoli, formed at least 5% of the regions population in Ottoman Tripolitania. In other territories such as the Regency of Algiers the number of Janissaries progressively got lower. During the 17th century for example more than 12,000 janissaries were stationed in Algiers, but by 1800 only 4,000 Janissaries were Turks, with the majority of the Janissaries being composed Kouloughlis, renegades, and some Algerians. In the Regency of Tunis, especially during the later era of the Beylik of Tunis janissaries were less used, and were replaced by more modern infantry units and Mamluks. Turkish-speaking Anatolians were considered to be the ideal migrants to ensure the Turkification of the region. Furthermore, the authorities initially placed a ban on Turkish speakers from using the Arabic language; this allowed the Turkish language to remain the prestigious language of the region till the nineteenth century. Koloğlu has estimated that approximately 1 million Ottoman soldiers from Anatolia, and the Balkans migrated to the Regency of Algiers, the Regency of Tunis, and Ottoman Tripolitania, usually departing from the port of Izmir. The majority of these troops arrived during the 16th, and 17th century, and by the 18th and 19th century their numbers were lower.
Ottoman women in North Africa
Although the term "köleoğlu" implied the term "son of", the Turkish population in North Africa was not solely made up of men. Indeed, Ottoman women also migrated to the region, although in much lower numbers than men. There also existed Kouloughlis born of North African men, and Turkish women, such as Ibn Hamza al-Maghribi, an Algerian mathematician. Moreover, the offspring of Turkish men and North African women would have included females too. Up until the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire, many upper-class women in Libya were of Turkish origins. This Turkish elite held a deep kinship for the Ottoman state, which increased further during the Italo-Turkish War in favour of the Ottoman state.
Legacy
Religion
The majority of Turkish-speaking Ottoman Muslims adhered to the Hanafi school of Islam, in contrast to the majority of the North African subjects, who followed the Maliki school. Today the Hanafi school is still followed by the descendants of Turkish families who remain in the region. Traditionally, their mosques are in the Ottoman architectural style and are particularly identifiable from their Turkish-style octagonal minarets.
Language
Words and expressions from the Turkish language, to varying degrees, are still used in most varieties of the Maghrebi derjas and spoken Arabic in North Africa and the Middle East. For example, in Algeria an estimated 634 Turkish words are still used today in Algerian Arabic. Approximately 800 to 1,500 Turkish loanwords are still used in Egypt, in Egyptian Arabic, and between 200 and 500 in Libya and Tunisia, respectively in Libyan and Tunisian Arabic. Turkish loanwords have also been influential in countries which were never conquered by the Ottomans, such as in Morocco, in Moroccan Arabic. Furthermore, the Turks also introduced words from the Persian language to the region, which were originally borrowed for the Ottoman Turkish language.
The majority of Turkish loanwords in Arabic are used for private life (such as food and tools), law and government, and the military.
Food
Ottoman rule left a profound influence on the cuisine of North Africa, the Middle East, and the Balkans. Hence, even today, many dishes produced in different countries throughout these regions are derived from the same name, usually a variation of a Turkish word (such as baklava and dolma).
Tools
Military
Other words
Arts and literature
The capital of the Ottoman Empire, Constantinople (Istanbul), was the central location where specialists in art, literature, and the scientists from all over the provinces would gather to present their work. Hence, many people were influenced here and would borrow from the masterpieces they came into contact with. Consequently, the Arabic language adopted several technical terms of Turkish origin as well as artistic influences.
Music
The cultural interaction between the Arabs and Turks influenced the music of the Arab provinces significantly. New maqamat in Arabic music emerged (i.e. Makam, a Turkish system of melody types), such as al-Hijazkar, Shahnaz and Naw'athar, as well as technical music terminologies.
Theatre
The Turks introduced the Karagöz puppet show, which concerns the adventures of two stock characters: Karagöz (meaning "black-eyed" in Turkish) and Hacivat (meaning "İvaz the Pilgrim"). Evening performances of the show are particularly popular during Ramadan in North Africa.
See also
Turkish minorities in the former Ottoman Empire
Turks in Algeria
Turks in Egypt
Turks in Libya
Turks in Tunisia
Maghrebis
Tunisian people
Pied-Noir
Arab-Berber
Notes
References
Bibliography
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
People from the Ottoman Empire
Ethnic groups in Algeria
Ethnic groups in Libya
Ethnic groups in Tunisia
Turkish words and phrases
Turkish diaspora in Africa
Easy Projects is a suite of project management software developed by Toronto-based Logic Software. As an example of web based project management software, Easy Projects is designed to enable online project management via a browser, rather than manual tracking or desktop software applications.
Platforms
Easy Projects was written in the ASP.NET programming language rather than ASP or PHP. The software runs in Windows and Mac environments. The software is normally implemented as online SaaS, or it can be implemented as a self-hosted solution.
Features
Easy Projects provides functionality common to software designed for Project Management and Collaboration including configurable Dashboards, Integrated Reporting, Message boards, issue and request tracking, statistics, email notifications, and Gantt charts. Easy Projects is rated as the "more advanced" offering in Logic Software's multi-product Project Management software portfolio.
An add-in to synchronise Outlook data with Easy Projects accounts is available.
History
Easy Projects software was developed and copyrighted by 2003 and was originally released in 2004.
Users
Known users of Easy Projects include the U.S Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Nuclear DNA and Mitochondrial DNA Units, who use the software to manage resource allocation, centralize program management, track Forensic Examiners' spend, assign and define tasks and track the progress of individual projects.
Reviews
Easy Projects has been reviewed by publications ranging from PM Network Magazine to online venues like VentureBeat, GigaOM, Freelance Weekly and Web-Based Software.
References
Further reading
External links
Project management software
2004 software
Projects established in 2004
The Tata Revotron engine is a family of 3-cylinder petrol engines produced by Tata Motors, currently used in the passenger vehicles.
The first engine from the Revotron line was introduced in 2014. Revotron petrol 1.2T is a 1.2-litre, 3-cylinder, turbocharged, intercooled, multi-point fuel injected unit. It produces 86 PS at 6000 rpm, and 113 Nm of torque @ 3300 rpm. The engine features multiple driving modes for better throttle response, a Smart ECU, an eight-holed fuel injector, a stiffened crankcase, and a new catalytic converter.
See also
Tata Motors
List of Ford engines
References
Gasoline engines
Internal combustion piston engines
Tata Motors
Yagatako-ike is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 7 ha of land when full and can store 610 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1959.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1959 establishments in Japan
The Santa Marta tapaculo (Scytalopus sanctaemartae) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of Colombia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Santa Marta tapaculo was previously considered to be a subspecies of the rufous-vented tapaculo (Scytalopus femoralis). It was raised to species status primarily because of differences in their vocalizations.
Description
The Santa Marta tapaculo is long. The male's head and back are medium gray and the throat and breast a paler gray. It has a white patch on the crown of the head. Its rump is tawny with black bars and the flanks and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are rusty, also with black bars. The female's upper parts have a brown wash and is paler than the male below. The white crown patch is small or absent. The juvenile has heavy bars and scaling.
Distribution and habitat
The Santa Marta tapaculo is found only in the isolated Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of northeast Colombia. There it inhabits the dense undergrowth of humid montane forest at elevations between .
Behavior
The Santa Marta tapaculo is terrestrial like most tapaculos, but no further information about its diet or foraging habits has been reported. The only information about its breeding phenology is that a juvenile was collected in July. Its song is a rapid trill up to 15 seconds long . Its call is a repeated sharp squeak .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Santa Marta tapaculo as being near threatened. Though it has a relatively restricted range and the population number has not been determined, both are believed to be large enough to warrant that rating.
References
Santa Marta tapaculo
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Endemic birds of Colombia
Santa Marta tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Panzerkeil ("armoured wedge" or "tank wedge") was an offensive armoured tactic developed by German Kampfgruppe (battle groups) on the Eastern Front during World War II. The Panzerkeil was developed in response to the Soviet employment of the Pakfront anti-tank gun defence.
Usage
The Panzerkeil was an offensive formation used by armoured vehicles, most commonly tanks, supported by Panzergrenadier motorised infantry and aircraft. The tanks would form into a wedge-shaped formation, with the most heavily armed and armoured vehicles forming the tip. At the Battle of Kursk, Tiger I heavy tanks would form the tip, Panther medium tanks (where available) the base, with Panzer IV and Panzer III medium tanks forming the wings.
The advantage of the Panzerkeil was that the anti-tank gunners of the opposing Pakfront would be forced to constantly adjust their ranges due to the depth of the formation. Also, the heavily armoured Tigers and Panthers would bear the brunt of the anti-tank fire, leaving the more vulnerable tanks safe from enemy fire.
The Panzerkeil achieved mixed results. During the German offensive, Operation Citadel, that began the battle of Kursk the Panzerkeil enabled the spearheads of Generaloberst Hermann Hoth's 4th Panzer Army to break through the elaborate Soviet defences. Meanwhile, in Generalfeldmarschall Walter Model's 9th Army sector, tank units using the Panzerkeil tactic failed to achieve a breakthrough, and suffered heavy losses due to anti-tank fire.
There is also some contention that this formation was rarely used during Operation Citadel due to the scarcity of Tigers and most Panthers being assigned to the Großdeutschland Division. Furthermore, Pioniere (combat engineers) had to lead formations to clear mines lest the Tigers be immobilized by anti-tank mines, as the Kursk salient was heavily mined.
Panzerglocke
An evolution of the Panzerkeil was the "Panzerglocke" which was a bell-shaped offensive formation whereby armored engineers would follow the leading heavier tanks (Tigers and/or Panthers), lighter tanks on the flanks and a command group to direct the formation and supporting close-air support. This sometimes was employed with the heavier panzers being surrounded by lighter panzers, the heavier panzers forming the "clapper" of the bell-shaped formation.
See also
Flying wedge
Armoured spearhead
References
Sources
Wolfgang Schneider: Panzertaktik - Deutsche Einsatzgrundsätze 1935 bis heute. Armour Research 2008,
Rudolf Steiger: Panzertaktik im Spiegel deutscher Kriegstagebücher 1939-1941. Verlag Rombach (1973),
Oskar Munzel: Panzer-Taktik. Vowinckel Verlag (1959)
Dennis Showalter: Blood and Iron: the Battle of Kursk, the turning point of World War II. New York, Random House, 2013
Panzerkeil
Panzerkeil
German words and phrases
The Ven Alfred Edward Daldy, MA (24 June 1865 – 29 October 1935) was Archdeacon of Winchester from 1920 until their death.
Daldy was educated at Cranbrook School, Kent and the University of Cambridge. They were ordained deacon in 1888; and priest in 1889. After curacies at St Mary Bromley and All Hallows-by-the-Tower they were Winchester Diocesan Missioner from 1897 to 1904; Vicar of St Peter, Bournemouth from 1904 to 1920; and Master of St Cross Hospital, Winchester from 1928.
Notes
1865 births
People educated at Cranbrook School, Kent
Archdeacons of Winchester (ancient)
1935 deaths
Littoisten Työväen Urheilijat (abbreviated as LTU) is sports club from Littoinen, Finland. The club was founded in 1932 and currently has five main sections covering football, volleyball, skiing, Women's Division and Veterans' Division. Football and volleyball are now the most popular sports in the club and keep-fit is another important activity that is organised. In total LTU has over 750 members.
Football
The club runs a number of teams including 3 men's teams, a veteran's team (Old Boys) and 3 junior teams. The club's home ground is at the Littoisten kenttä.
2010 season
LTU Men's Team are competing in the Kolmonen administered by the Turku SPL. This is the fourth highest tier in the Finnish football system. In 2009 LTU finished in tenth position in their Kolmonen section.
LTU2 are participating in Upper Section – Summer (Kevät Ylälohko) of the Vitonen administered by the Turku SPL.
LTU3 are participating in Section 1 (Lohko 1) of the Kutonen administered by the Turku SPL.
References and sources
Official LTU Club Website
Official LTU Football Website
Finnish Wikipedia
Suomen Cup
Littoisten Työväen Urheilijat Facebook
Football clubs in Finland
1932 establishments in Finland
Mohammad Usman Advocate is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-269 (Khuzdar) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 17,609 votes and defeated Molana Qamar ud Din. In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan from Constituency PB-33 (Khuzdar-I) as an independent candidate but was unsuccessful. They received 399 votes and lost the seat to Sanaullah Khan Zehri.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carousel One is the 14th studio album by Canadian musician Ron Sexsmith. It was released in March 2015 under Compass Records. The title is a reference to the luggage retrieval belt at Los Angeles airport where bags from flights from Toronto are delivered.
Critical reception
Kyle Mullin of Exclaim! praised Sexsmith's notably more upbeat sound and attitude on the record, writing that their "days of being pigeonholed as a sad sack are long gone."
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Ron Sexsmith albums
Compass Records albums
Meteorus stellatus is a species of parasitoid wasp, parasitising moths in the forests of the Okinawa-hontô and Amami-ôshima Islands, subtropical Japan.
Larvae
The species was identified due to its unique cocoons which are star-shaped masses suspended by 1-meter threads. Meteorus stellatus only lays one of theses cocoons at once. These threads can grow up to 1 meter in length. The cocoons are around 7 to 14 mm wide and 9 to 23 mm long. Scientist of the study believe this unique structure helps M. stellatus survive through the most critical time when they are exposed to various natural enemies and environmental stresses. The star shape most likely reduces the exposed area of individual cocoons, thus increasing their defense against hyper-parasitoids, while the long thread that suspends the cocoon mass protects the cocoons from potential enemies like ants.
Etymology
The specific epithet "stellatus" came from the Latin word for "star" presumably due to the star-shaped cocoon masses.
Reference
Euphorinae
Parasitic wasps
Theo Kelchtermans (born 27 June 1943 in Peer, Belgium) is a Belgian politician.
Biography
Kelchtermans was born on 27 June 1943 in Peer, Belgium.
Kelchtermans graduated with a degree in applied psychology at the Catholic University of Leuven.
They worked as a consultant at the CLB center of Neerpelt. They were from 1975 to 1985 member of the Regional Economic Council for Flanders (GERV).
From 1974 to 1981, they served as county councilor in Limburg.
Kelchtermans serve from 1980 to 2013 mayor of Peer, where they served on the town council from 1977 to 1980.
In 2013, they left the position as mayor of Peer, after which they were succeeded by Steven Matheï.
Parliamentary career
They had a long parliamentary career. From 1981 to 1991, they served as a member of the Chamber of Representatives. Then, they serve as a member of the Senate from 1991 to 1995 and 1999 and 2003. After their second term as senator, they served again as a Representative. In the time from December 1981 to May 1995, they served a dual mandate that allowed them to also sit on the Flemish Council. The Flemish Council from October 21, 1980, the successor to the Cultural Council for the Dutch Cultural Community, which was installed on December 7, 1971, and was the forerunner of the current Flemish Parliament. At the first direct elections to the Flemish Parliament on May 21, 1995, they were elected in the constituency Hasselt Tongeren-Maaseik. They stayed for one month the Flemish Parliament until they again took the oath as Flemish minister on June 20, 1995.
Between 1985 and 1999, they also held various ministerial posts in the Flemish Executive (1985–1995) and the Government of Flanders (1995–1999). From 1985 to 1988, they were regional minister of Education in the Government under Prime Minister Gaston Geens. In 1988, they were community Minister for Employment, Education and the Civil Service in the third term government of Gaston Geens. From 1988 to 1992, they were regional minister for Public Works, Transport and Planning in the fourth term government under Geens. From 1992 to 1995, they were regional minister of Public Works, Planning and Home Affairs in the second term of Luc Van den Brande. From 1995 to 1999, they were Flemish Minister for Environment and Employment.
Timeline of career
1974–1981 County Councillor Limburg
1977–2012 Councillor Peer
1977–1980 Peer Ships
1980–2012 Mayor Peer
1981–1991 Member of Parliament
1981–1995 Member Flemish Council
1985–1988 Community Minister of Education and Training
1988 Community Minister for Employment, Education and Civil Service
1988–1992 Community Minister for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Country Furnishings
1991–1995 Senator
1992–1995 Flemish Minister for Public Works, Planning and Home Affairs
1995 Flemish Parliament
1995–1999 Flemish Minister for Environment and Employment
1999–2003 Senator
2003–2007 Member of Parliament
Honours
2007 : Knight grand Cross in the Order of Leopold II.
1999: grand Officer in the Order of Leopold.
References
1943 births
Living people
Recipients of the Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold II
20th-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian politicians
KU Leuven alumni
Vanishing-dimensions theory is a particle physics theory suggesting that systems with higher energy have a smaller number of dimensions.
For example, the theory implies that the Universe had fewer dimensions after the Big Bang when its energy was high. Then the number of dimensions may have increased as the system cooled and the Universe may gain more dimensions with time. There could have originally been only one spatial dimension, with two dimensions total — one time dimension and one space dimension. When there were only two dimensions, the Universe lacked gravitational degrees of freedom.
The theory is also tied to smaller amount of dimensions in smaller systems with the universe expansion being a suggested motivating phenomenon for growth of the number of dimensions with time, suggesting a larger number of dimensions in systems on larger scale.
In 2011, Dejan Stojkovic from the University at Buffalo and Jonas Mureika from the Loyola Marymount University described use of a Laser Interferometer Space Antenna system, intended to detect gravitational waves, to test the vanishing-dimension theory by detecting a maximum frequency after which gravitational waves can't be observed.
The vanishing-dimensions theory is seen as an explanation to cosmological constant problem: a fifth dimension would answer the question of energy density required to maintain the constant.
References
Further reading
Particle physics
Astrophysics theories
La Luz is a town in the municipality of Pajacuarán, in the central Mexican state of Michoacán. As of 2010, the town had a population of 3,689.
References
Populated places in Michoacán
Eva Maler is a German born playwright, currently living in London.
Career
Maler was producer for Black Mark for Eagle Films.
Maler has appeared in various plays (including Mobile Talks) as well as a short film and several pieces of performance art.
Maler was an associate with blank pages theatre company.
Maler was assistant director for HuRica Productions's radio adaptation of Cleaner.
Bibliography
If I Was To Speak..., first performed as a piece of Guerilla theatre alongside London's South Bank in 2008.
Mission Impursable.
Shared Accommodation (co-written with Hugh Allison), filmed in 2010 by HuRica Productions.
small worlds.
References
External links
www.wix.com/evamaler/evamaler
Living people
1988 births
German stage actores
German women dramatists and playwrights
21st-century German dramatists and playwrights
21st-century German actores
German expatriates in England
21st-century German women writers
KIOC is an active rock-formatted radio station in Beaumont, Texas. It serves the entire Golden Triangle region and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. Its studios are located southeast of the I-10/US 69 interchange in Beaumont, and its transmitter is located in Vidor, Texas.
History
The Birth of "K106"
KIOC was founded by Ken Stevens. The facility was built in 1977 and signed on over the air June 23, 1978 as "K106". Programming was the Drake Chenault CHR / Top40 format. Its one and only antenna site has been on the side of the Channel 4 (KJAC, now KBTV) tower in Vidor, Texas, making 106.1 the highest FM (~1000 ft) in the immediate Golden Triangle (not counting the rimshots to the west trying to program for the Houston market).
During the 1980s, KIOC was locked in a fierce battle with crosstown Top 40 KZZB ("B95").
On November 26, 1991, B95 went silent after its new owner bankrupted it. Gulf Star (owned by Steven Hicks of the Hicks Broadcast family from Beaumont) bought the silent 95.1 and eventually took on KYKR-FM's country music format after GulfStar sold the former 93.3, KYKR's home for decades to Tichenor Broadcasting who wanted to use it as a Houston station, leaving K106 as Southeast Texas' CHR standard bearer.
K106 Becomes the Golden Triangle's "Big Dog"
In 1993, K106 moved in a rock-based top 40 direction, using the slogan "all rock, no rap." After briefly taking on an alternative format and returning to Top 40 as "Hot 106" in the mid-90s, KIOC became "Big Dog 106" in 1997.
Former DJ's on the station included Mark Landis & The Nut Hut (mornings), Pam (Hoose) Pace (mid-days), Jack "Dangerous" Daniels (afternoons), Steven Wild "The Love Child" (evenings), Angel Sonnier (overnights), Skid Marxx (Shon Hodgkinson, promotions director), Michelle (Blake) Hinch, Derek Hayes, Slade Ham, Chris Chambers (Ken Rojas), Cort Crusher (Cort Kennedy), Mikey Mike, Lisa Daniels, Kurt (Johnson) Kruzer, Tad Vincent (Tad Licatino),John T the Crazy Canadian, Mike Davis, Debbie Wylde, Candi, Joey Armstrong, Spot, Eli Fox, Patrick Sanders and Jay Kelly.
In 2009, KIOC adopted Clear Channel's Premium Choice Active rock format, becoming musically identical outside of morning drive to several of its rock and alternative sister stations.
Ironically, the 95.1 and 106.1 frequencies, which were once bitter rivals, are now co-owned.
External links
Big Dog 106 KIOC official website
Active rock radio stations in the United States
IOC
Radio stations established in 1977
IHeartMedia radio stations
Ma Yuehan (; 1883–1966), or John Ma, was a pioneer in physical education and modern Chinese sports. They were a professor of Physical Education at the Tsinghua University for 52 years.
Early life
Ma was born in 1882 on Gulangyu Island, Xiamen. They went on to study medicine at St. John's University, Shanghai and graduated in 1911. In 1919, Ma traveled to the United States to earn their BA from Springfield College. After graduating in 1920, they returned to China and was promoted to director of physical education, a position they held for the next nine years. They coached the Tsinghua University soccer team to victory in the North China Championship.
Career
In 1914, Ma worked at Tsinghua University as a physical education teacher. In 1926, they went on furlough and returned to Springfield College to earn their master's degree. From 1931 to 1932, they were the physical education director at Soochow University, and in 1934 they returned to their old position at Tsinghua College. In 1936, they led the Chinese delegation to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
After the founding of the People's Republic of China, they were elected the chairperson of the China Athletic Federation. This enabled them to play a significant contribution to Chinese sports by creating a system of sports school which recruited talented athletes and provide world class training facilities.
Family
Ma's son, Ma Qiwei, served as Vice President of Beijing Institute of Physical Education. Their second daughter, Ma Peilun, married Mou Zuoyun, a pioneer of basketball in China. Both Ma Qiwei and Mou Zuoyun followed Ma's footsteps to study at Springfield College in the US.
References
Chinese athletics coaches
1882 births
1966 deaths
Sportspeople from Fujian
Politicians from Xiamen
Educators from Fujian
Tsinghua University faculty
People's Republic of China politicians from Fujian
National Southwestern Associated University faculty
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
St. John's University, Shanghai alumni
Soochow University (Suzhou) faculty
Springfield College (Massachusetts) alumni
Chinese expatriates in the United States
Grave of Yuranigh is the heritage-listed grave of Yuranigh, a 19th-century Wiradjuri man. It is located 3 km south-east of Molong, Cabonne Shire, New South Wales, Australia and dates from 1852. It is also known as Yuranigh's grave. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 March 2006.
History
Yuranigh, originally from Boree, accompanied the Surveyor General of NSW, Thomas Mitchell on their fourth and final journey to the north-west of Australia. This venture finished approximately 161 km west of Mackay in Queensland. A party of 29 white men and three Aboriginal people, one of whom was Yuranigh, departed from Boree on this journey on 15 December 1845, with equipment consisting of eight drays, 80 bullocks, two boats, three light carts, and enough provisions for a year. As the party progressed Yuranigh became increasingly helpful to Mitchell for which Mitchell was extremely appreciative. Yuranigh's main contribution lay in their ability to negotiate with other Aboriginal people, through whose territory they passed, and in their extensive bush lore and knowledge of country, with which they advised Mitchell. In their journal Mitchell described Yuranigh as their "guide, companion, counsellor and friend".On the completion of the exploratory journey Yuranigh accompanied Mitchell to Mitchell's Sydney home, but not liking the city, Yuranigh soon left to become a stockman on a northern cattle station.
On 13 July 1850 Mitchell learnt of the death of Yuranigh at the old Gamboola Station, near Molong. According to their custom, Aboriginal people buried Yuranigh there, marking their grave with four carved trees. According to early settlers, it was common practice for Aboriginal people to carve the trees around the grave of an Aboriginal of distinction or repute. All the carvings were cut to face Yuranigh's grave. Of the four trees, only on one, which is now dead, can the carvings be clearly seen. The carvings on the other trees must almost have been covered by regrowth. The distinguishable carving is an ovate spiral surrounded by a triple extended S-pattern on one side.
The grave of Yuranigh has been marked with signs of respect by both Aboriginal people and Europeans. The grave has around its perimeter four carved trees, a sign by Aborigines that the buried person was worthy of special credit. A fence and a memorial stone in the European tradition was also erected.
Description
The grave is marked by a headstone, which pays tribute to Yuranigh's courage, honesty and fidelity. Marking the corners of the burial ground are four carved trees which like the grave, have been fenced for their protection. One of the trees is dead, and the carving on it very distinct. The other trees are alive and the carvings obscured to varying degrees as a result of regrowth. Yuranigh was one of Thomas Mitchell's guides, who died between 1847 and 1852. The grave apparently had five trees in 1854. In 1852 New South Wales Government paid for memorial headstone for the grave which is still here. Best preserved burial site in region. The grave consists of a marble headstone with an inscription. Grave itself is set in a concrete slab with a sandstone slab in the concrete. Sandstone slab has another inscription. Grave faces south-west and is surrounded by a white wooden fence with chicken wire netting. Dimensions of fence; 3.2m x 3.6m
Heritage listing
Yuranigh's grave is an excellent example of "culture contact". The presence of carved trees around the grave demonstrates commemoration by Aboriginal people. While the inscribed headstone indicates the "honour" bestowed on Yuranigh by Major Mitchell, to whom they acted as a guide on their famous last north west exploratory adventure. The carved trees are also, as far as is known, the longest remaining number of carved trees around a grave.
Grave of Yuranigh was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 March 2006 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Yuranigh's Grave is of state significance for its associations with the exploration of inland Australia, and particularly for its ability to evidence significant, positive contacts between Aboriginal and non Aboriginal people during the colonial period.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
Yuranigh's Grave is of state significance for its associations with the significant person surveyor Major Thomas Mitchell and guide Yuranigh, as well as associations with the Wiradjuri people of the Central West of NSW.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
Yuranigh's Grave has landmark qualities within a rural landscape by its arrangement of carved trees around a marked grave, making it aesthetically distinctive in both its local context and within the context of known contact-era graves of Aboriginal people.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Yuranigh's Grave is significance for the sense of community and place it affirms in the Wiradjuri communities of the Molong area and the Central West region.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Yuranigh's Grave is of state significance as an important reference site for burial of Aboriginal people that have been honoured and commemorated by both Aboriginal and non Aboriginal communities for nearly 150 years, and because it provides evidence of bi-cultural (Wiradjuri and English) attitudes to death and remembrance that are relatively rare in NSW.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Yuranigh's Grave is rare and is state significance for its evidence of the now defunct custom of carving living trees adjacent to grave sites, as the only known example of a grave exhibiting Aboriginal and European burial markers known in NSW, for its ability to demonstrate designs and techniques in tree carving, and for its ability to show rare evidence of the activity of marking graves and remembering persons important in Wiradjuri and non Aboriginal communities.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
Yuranigh's Grave is of state significance as a fine example (the only known example) of its type as a grave demonstrating bi-cultural respect for an important man, and for its attributes evidencing a way of life and the customs of both the Wiradjuri people of the Central West and of the settlers in the colonial period.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Molong
Burials in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Wauters Motorsports was an American professional stock car racing team that competed in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, fielding the No. 5 Toyota Tundra part-time. The team also competes in late models. The team is primarily owned by Wauters, with former NASCAR team owners Billy Ballew and James Finch also part of the organization as co-owners since 2020.
History
Truck No. 5 history
In January 2012, veteran NASCAR crew chief Richie Wauters reformed the team after buying the remnants of the Randy Moss Motorsports team and its owner points.
Wauters Motorsports debuted in 2011 as the number 51 Ford, in a joint venture with Richie Wauters' longtime team Billy Ballew Motorsports. The truck utilized the paint scheme Ballew ran early in their history, and Wauters served as crew chief. Colin Braun drove the truck in two races with sponsorship from Bullet Liners, scoring a ninth-place finish in the team's debut.
The No. 5 truck began racing in 2012 with former Drive for Diversity member Paulie Harraka, who intended to contend for Rookie of the Year in the No. 5 Ford. Midway through the season the team chose to skip races at Michigan International Speedway and Bristol Motor Speedway to regroup; but before the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway Harraka was released from the team. Harraka had an average finish of 23.8 in 11 races, with the best finish of 17th at Dover and Kentucky. After the split with Harraka, Aric Almirola drove the truck at Atlanta, Talladega and Texas II, John King at Kentucky II and Phoenix, Josh Richards at Martinsville II, and Ryan Reed at Las Vegas. Only Almirola would earn a top-5 and top 10 (twice) finish in the year, the best results for the team during the year.
In 2013, former Richard Childress Racing development driver Tim George Jr. announced their addition to the team for the season, bringing sponsorship from Applebee's. In May after four races, the team switched manufacturers from Ford to Chevrolet, with engines coming from ECR Engines. Jason Bowles drove a single race at Eldora with Valvoline sponsorship, and after 11 races the team shut down.
In 2014, the team signed John Wes Townley, who brought longtime sponsor Zaxby's from Red Horse Racing. The team also switched to Toyota, with engines from Joe Gibbs Racing. Prior to the Iowa race, Townley moved to Athenian Motorsports owned by their father. Wauter's team shut down for the remainder of the season.
For 2015, the team planned to return to competition with driver Germán Quiroga at Kansas in May, with funding coming from a Kickstarter campaign. The campaign, however, failed to raise the desired amount of money. K&N Pro Series East driver Dalton Sargeant, who also runs late models for Wauters, made their Truck Series debut with the team in 2015 at Bristol in August. Sargeant did well in their races, including a 9th-place finish at Bristol.
After being absent for most of 2016, the team returned for the round of Talladega in October with Korbin Forrister driving.
On February 22, 2017, Wauters announced a deal with Forrister to drive the full 2017 season. After crashing in the first two races of the season, Forrister and Wauters split and Wauters focused on their Super Late Model program with Mason Mingus, Trevor Noles, and Spencer Wauters for the remainder of 2017. The arrangement with Mingus continued into 2018 with only them driving it in select events.
Truck No. 18 history
Noah Gragson was scheduled to drive the No. 18 truck from Kyle Busch Motorsports, but since KBM wanted to focus their assets on William Byron and Christopher Bell in their 2016 championship bids, Wauters fielded the No. 18 truck for Gragson in the final two races of the season finishing 16th and 15th respectively.
Truck No. 18 results
Recent wins
1. Snowball Derby won by Steven Wallace in Circa. December 2004
2. All American 400 won by Mason Mingus on November 3, 2019
See also
Athenian Motorsports
Billy Ballew Motorsports
Kyle Busch Motorsports
References
External links
1999 establishments in North Carolina
American auto racing teams
NASCAR teams
Auto racing teams established in 1999
is a fictional crime/mystery novel written by Hideo Yokoyama in Japanese and published in 2012. It was the first of their novels to be translated into English. The novel follows detective Mikami as they prepare for a visit to one of the top police officials in Japan. In fulfilling their duties, Mikami is plagued by responsibilities and conflicts that arise among the reporters, Administrative Affairs, and Criminal Investigations.
The title Six Four refers to the year Shōwa 64 during which the main case took place. This is not a Gregorian calendar year but a year in the Japanese imperial era naming system, nengō. The Gregorian calendar date for Shōwa 64 is 1989, the last year of the Shōwa period (1926-1989).
Plot
The novel opens with Mikami and their wife Minako meeting with a regional captain to examine a body of a young female that could be their daughter, Ayumi, who had run away from home. The body is not their daughter's.
The next day, Mikami dwells on their current job in Media Relations at the police headquarters and plans to eventually return to their former post in Criminal Investigations. At the office, they find that members of the press have congregated to ask that Mikami release the name of the female driver involved in a fatal car accident because they are making a stand on anonymity. Mikami then goes to Akama's office, where they are informed of a special visit from the commissioner general to the family of the Six Four case, a fourteen-year-old kidnapping case of a young girl that is regarded as the police department's biggest failure. Mikami visits the father of the victim, Amamiya, but they refuse to allow the visit.
Back in their office, Mikami learns that the press club is submitting a written protest to the captain for the release of the woman's name. To distract them from the issue, Mikami meets with a member of the press club and tells them about bid-rigging charges against Hakkaku Construction. Their plan fails, and the press club goes to deliver the protest to the captain. Mikami physically blocks their way, and they subsequently declare their intention to boycott the commissioner's visit. Mikami visits Criminal Investigations and unexpectedly finds out about a gag order, which makes them suspicious.
Mikami then visits multiple different people they knew from their time in Criminal Investigations to find out about the Six Four case. They visit the home of Hiyoshi, a former forensics worker who worked on Six Four, and talks with their mother, who reveals how disastrous Hiyoshi's life has become after the failed case. Mikami leaves a note for Hiyoshi before leaving to visit another officer, Kakinuma. Kakinuma tells Mikami about the Koda Memo, an account of a call by the kidnapper during the Six Four case that was covered up because the police messed up the recording. Mikami visits Amamiya again and convinces them to accept the commissioner's visit. Mikami then receives a call from Suwa informing them that the press situation is worsening. Mikami receives a call from an officer named Urushibara asking what they did to the former police detective Koda, who is now missing. At the end of the call, Urushibara tells Mikami to see Arakida in the police HQ.
Mikami learns from Arakida that the true purpose of the commissioner's visit is for the National Police Agency to absorb the job of Director of Criminal Investigations in the police HQ. Mikami visits a higher-up named Captain Tsujiuchi and tries to argue for the retention of the role with Criminal Investigations, but Tsujiuchi dismisses him.
The next day, Mikami tells their co-workers that they plan on removing the anonymous reporting of crimes. They agree to tell the press everything about the vehicular manslaughter case, but stress the importance of anonymity in special cases. After Mikami finishes their announcement, they ask the press to cover the visit with Amamiya. The press club eventually agrees.
Mikami is told that there has been another kidnapping. As part of the administrative affairs department, they are responsible for informing the press of the case, which is strikingly similar to the Six Four case. Mikami then goes to station G to ask Matsuoka for details. Matsuoka gives Mikami the name of the father of the victim, Mesaki, and their store address, but nothing else. Mikami asks to join the police in the mobile command center that will monitor Mesaki as they deliver the ransom money to the kidnapper and is granted permission. In the middle of the observation, an officer reports that the missing girl, Kasumi, was found in police custody in Genbu city for shoplifting. After a short while, Matsuoka reveals to Mikami that this kidnapping was actually an extension of the Six-Four investigation. As Mesaki arrives at the Ai'ai Hair Salon to pay the ransom, the kidnapper speaks to them on the phone. Mikami recognizes the voice of the "kidnapper" on the phone as Koda. Koda instructs Mesaki to put all of the money into an oil drum and burn it, then to read a note from Amamiya. Mesaki's wife calls to tell them their daughter wasn't kidnapped and was actually at the police station. Mesaki tears and eats the top half of the note before anyone can read it. Mikami then realizes this was a set-up to oust Mesaki as the kidnapper in the original Six-Four case.
The next week, Media Relations and the press debate about the decision to keep the suspected Six Four kidnapper Mesaki's home address anonymous.
The novel ends with Mikami asking Futawatari to let them stay in Media Relations in the spring rather than moving them to Criminal Investigations.
Development
The original novel was composed over a period of ten years. Hideo Yokoyama was inspired by their own 12 years of experience as a former police reporter in Gunma, and then as an editor. They suffered a heart attack during the writing process but continued the novel anyway.
Jonathan Lloyd-Davies said in an interview that it took them over a year to translate the novel into the English version. They worked independently of author Hideo Yokoyama and conducted research by reading Japanese police websites and online records. The length of the novel and the extensive number of characters posed as a challenge during the translation process.
Major characters
Yoshinobu Mikami – Press Director and inspector of Prefecture D, previously assistant chief of Second Division in Criminal Investigations, main character/protagonist of novel
Minako – Wife of Mikami, ex-police, stays at home to await a call from Ayumi
Ayumi – Daughter of Mikami and Minako who had run away from home and has been missing for three months
Akama – Director of Administrative Affairs and the second-in-command of the Prefectural HQ
Ishii – Division Chief of the Secretariat
Shinji Futawatari – Inspector for Administrative Affairs, incites certain events of the plot
Kinji Tsujiuchi – Captain of the Prefectural HQ, the man in charge of the prefecture and the favorite to become the next commissioner general
Kozuka – Commissioner general of the National Police Agency in Tokyo, the man in charge of all 260,000 police officers
Koda – Ex-police detective involved in the Six Four case cover-up referred to as the "Koda Memo"
Suwa – Section chief and assistant inspector in Media Relations, 5 years in Media relations
Kuramae – Sub-chief in Media Relations
Mikumo – Recent transfer to Media Relations from Transport
Arakida – Director of Criminal Investigations
Katsutoshi Matsuoka – Chief of First Division, possibly next Director of Criminal Investigations
Akikawa – Chief reporter of the Toyo, leader of the Press Club and instigator of press conflicts
Yoshio Amamiya – Father of the victim of the Six Four kidnapping case
Content and style
Multiple reviews have commented on the culturally-dense nature of Six Four. The novel reveals many different aspects of Japanese culture, such as authority, hierarchy, and family structures. The novel has been praised for its accurate portrayal of Japanese conventions, with The Guardian calling it a "guide book to Japan". Additionally, the book has received acknowledgement as a culturally expressive book that delves into the politics of the police and their procedural practices. Cultural practices such as bowing and attending the funeral of a case victim's family member are found throughout the novel and allow foreign audiences to glimpse Japanese culture.
Reviewers have recognized Six Four for its focus on relationship dynamics over the fast-paced action that typically defines crime novels. The Japan Times applauded Yokoyama for their accurate portrayal of police procedurals, attributing the book's success to the slow, timely resolution of the plot. Six Four is often referred to as a "slow-burn" crime novel that draws readers into the personal, complex interactions between characters.
Reception
The novel was an instant hit and sold roughly a million copies within the first week of its 2012 publication in Japan. In 2013, Six Four ranked number 1 in the Kono Mystery ga Sugoi! annual list, receiving the title The Best Japanese Crime Fiction of the Year. The novel was made into a two part movie series in 2016 in Japan. The first movie deals with the first half of the novel, and the second movie covers the announcement of the new kidnapping to the novel's conclusion.
Upon its 2017 publication in the UK, the translated novel proved as popular as it had been in Japan, quickly ranking on the best seller's list in Britain. In 2016, it was shortlisted for the CWA International Dagger. In 2017, it appeared on the New York Times' 100 Notable Books of the Year list and was called one of the best books of the year by The Washington Post, San Francisco Chronicle, and Literary Hub.The novel's unique style has proven popular with Western audiences, with publications such as Financial Times praising its "slow-burning" nature.
References
2012 Japanese novels
Japanese crime novels
Japanese mystery novels
Christine Jones is an American actor.
Personal life
Jones is the granddaughter of Branch Rickey, the president of the Brooklyn Dodgers who signed Jackie Robinson.
Career
Primetime TV and film
Jones first appeared in the 1975 film Cooley High, and later the TV series City of Angels ("Palm Springs Answer," 1976) and Serpico ("The Deadly Game," 1976). They also appeared in Woody Allen's Annie Hall in 1977 as Dorrie, and in Stealing Home as Grace Chandler in 1988. Other film appearances include Wild Thing (1987), Minotaur (1997) and Gang of Roses (2003).
Jones portrayed Sarah Jackson in the 1993 CBS miniseries Queen, and appeared on shows including A Man Called Hawk ("Hear No Evil," 1989), Lifestories: Families in Crisis ("The Secret Life of Mary Margaret: Portrait of a Bulimic," 1992), Law & Order ("Burden," 1998), Law & Order: Criminal Intent ("The Third Horseman," 2002; "Monster," 2003), Now and Again ("Fire and Ice," 2000) and Third Watch ("Just Another Night at the Opera," 2000). Jones also appeared as Fey Sommers (in flashbacks) on the ABC series Ugly Betty in 2006.
Daytime
Jones is also known for their work on several daytime operas.
They portrayed the unhinged Janice Frame on the NBC soap opera Another World from 1978 to 1980, and again in 1989. That role was their second appearance on the show; they had appeared as Amy Gifford in 1977, a character that was then sent to sister soap Lovers and Friends.
In 1981, Jones played Victoria Lord on One Life to Live when actor Erika Slezak was on maternity leave, returning again for one episode in 1983. Jones later portrayed Pamela Stuart on One Life to Live from 1985 to 1987, making returns in 1988, 2001 (for one of Asa Buchanan's fake funerals, right after playing the unnamed socialite who dumped David Vickers as their "kept man"), 2008, and a final appearance in 2009, when their character was murdered. Jones had a long association with, and ultimately played three roles on the show (including nurse Sheila Rafferty in 1975 and 1976).
Other daytime appearances include Catsy Kirkland on Ryan's Hope from 1982 to 1983 and Christina Robertson on Rituals from 1984 to 1985. They also filled in for Jane Elliot as General Hospital Tracy Quartermaine in 1989.
Filmography
References
External links
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American film actores
American soap opera actores
American television actores
21st-century American actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
A3! (acronym for "Act! Addict! Actors!") is a Japanese mobile game developed by Liber Entertainment. The game was released on January 27, 2017 in Japan. It was given a worldwide English release on October 23, 2019, which later ended services in November 2021. The success of the game led to several adaptations for the franchise, including stage plays, an anime series, and 2 live action movies.
Plot
Mankai Company is a theatre company for actors, who are split into four troupes and named after the four seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Having incurred a huge debt over the years after the sudden disappearance of its former director, Mankai Company is at the risk of shutting down. The player character joins as the director of the theatre company in order to save it from being shut down by repaying the debt with a one-year time limit.
Characters
Spring
Summer
Autumn
Winter
Other characters
(anime)
Media
Game
A3! was launched for the iOS and Android on January 27, 2017. In June 2018 Cybird licensed the game for English release, and the English version was later released on October 23, 2019. On September 21, 2021, Cybird announced that the English version of the game will no longer be updated past events taking place in late October and early November.
On December 18, 2020, Liber Entertainment announced that Ren Ozawa's voice will be removed from the game following their domestic abuse allegations. On December 25, 2020, they were replaced by Tomoru Akazawa, who had portrayed Kazunari in the stage plays.
Music
The music production for the game included artists such as Masayoshi Onishi, Yuki Kimura, Hige Driver, R.O.N, Elements Garden member Asuka Oda, Ryōta Suemasu, Takeyuki Tonegawa, Round Table member Katsutoshi Kitagawa, Yuyoyuppe, and Tweedees member Reiji Okii. The music is published by Pony Canyon.
Stage plays
A series of stage plays titled Mankai Stage A3! has been running since 2018. The first stage play, Mankai Stage A3! Spring & Summer 2018, ran from June 28 to July 8, 2018, in Tokyo and July 13 to July 16, 2018, in Kyoto, before returning to Tokyo for another run from October 26 to November 4, 2018. The Spring and Summer shows were alternated on a rotational schedule. The second stage play, Mankai Stage A3! Autumn & Winter 2019, ran from January 31 to February 11, 2019, in Tokyo, February 23–24, 2019 in Yamaguchi, and February 27 to March 3, 2019, in Osaka, before returning to Tokyo from March 15 to March 24, 2019, for a final run.
After the first two-stage plays, the production company produced new shows with full runs for each troupe. Mankai Stage A3! Spring 2019 ran from April to June 2019, while the fourth stage play, Mankai Stage A3! Summer 2019, ran from August to September 2019. Mankai Stage A3! Autumn 2020 ran from January to March 2020, while Mankai Stage A3! Winter 2020 is scheduled to run from April to June 2020.
In addition to the stage plays, the cast of Mankai Stage A3! hosted their own radio program, Mankai Stage A3! Radio, which began broadcast on October 6, 2018, on Nippon Broadcasting System. The cast has also participated in Avex's Stage Fes concerts with other 2.5D musical acts. Their first solo concert, Four Seasons Live 2020, took place in September 2020.
Mankai Stage A3! has endorsed brands such as Utena and Orangina.
Anime
A television anime adaptation was announced in February 2019, with Keisuke Shinohara directing, and Masayuki Sakoi acting as series director, featuring Naoki Hayashi writing the scripts. Masaru Yokoyama and Kana Hashiguchi are composing the music. The series is animated by P.A. Works and Studio 3Hz. The anime adaptation is split into two parts, with A3! Season Spring & Summer planned to air from January to March 2020 and A3! Season Autumn & Winter from July to September 2020. Funimation acquired distribution rights to the series outside of Asia, and streamed the show as it aired in Japan. Muse Communication also acquired the distribution rights for the series in Southeast Asia and South Asia, and is streaming it on their Muse Asia YouTube channel and iQIYI.
A3! Season Spring & Summer began on January 14, 2020, and the theme song for the series is "Act! Addict! Actors!" Episode 4 was initially announced to have been delayed "due to production issues" and then subsequently for another two weeks, before the official anime production announced that the entire series would be rebroadcast from the beginning on April 6, 2020, and aired till June 22, 2020. A3! Season Autumn & Winter was delayed to air from October 13 to December 29, 2020 due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Masayuki Sakoi took over full directing responsibilities for A3! Season Autumn & Winter, and Nozomi Nagatomo took over character designing from Mariko Komatsu. Kōhei Honda also replaced Hiroko Tanabe as art director.
Episode list
Live-action films
Two movie adaptations of the stage plays were announced in March 2021, with most of the play's original cast to reprise their roles. The first film, Mankai Movie A3! Spring & Summer, was released on December 3, 2021, while the second film, Mankai Movie A3! Autumn & Winter is slated for a March 4, 2022 release.
Reception
A3! was downloaded by 800,000 users within the first three days of the original Japanese release, with 300,000 of the registrations taking place on the day of release. By February 21, 2017, the game had a cumulative total of 2 million downloads. A3! was nominated for the Google Play Best of 2017.
Notes
References
External links
2020 anime television series debuts
2017 video games
3Hz
Anime postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Anime productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Anime television series based on video games
Android (operating system) games
Funimation
IOS games
Japanese idols in anime and manga
Musicals based on video games
P.A.Works
Video games developed in Japan
Muse Communication
Theatre in anime and manga
Pinehurst Branch is a tributary stream of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., United States.
References
Rivers of Washington, D.C.
Tributaries of the Potomac River
Greg McDonald is a British singer-songwriter who announced the forthcoming release of their debut solo album in 2008. They were the frontman of The Dawn Parade, a Bury St Edmunds based British indie band.  They are the main man in contemporary folk band Glymjack.
McDonald's songs have won awards from Rolling Stone and The International Songwriting Competition, and they have been championed by DJs Tom Robinson, Mark Radcliffe, Steve Lamacq and John Peel, for whom they recorded two Peel Sessions.
Biography
Greg McDonald grew up in a Suffolk village close to Bury St Edmunds, where they and school friend Nick Morley formed The Dawn Parade. Also featuring Barney Wade (bass) and Ben Jennings (drums), The Dawn Parade signed to Cambridge-based indie label Repeat Records, toured extensively, and recorded two Peel Sessions. In 2003 a new line-up of McDonald on guitar and vocals, Jeremy Jones (lead guitar), Mark Sewell (drums, vocals), and Steve McLoughlin (bass) recorded debut album The Dawn Parade, released on Repeat Records. In August 2006 the band split, McDonald saying, "I wouldn't have missed it for the world and I didn't."
In late 2007, McDonald's first solo outings marked a darker tone and new acoustic direction as they returned to playing live as a solo performer and with singers Catherine McDonald and Emily Jukes and musicians Jeremy Jones, Sam Inglis and Seymour Patrick.
In January 2008, McDonald announced the forthcoming release of their debut solo album, Stranger At The Door.
2018 saw the release of Glymjack's debut album Light the Evening Fire, featuring Phil Beer, Steve Knightley, Gemma Gayner, Dickon Collinson, Miranda Sykes, Evan Carson and Tom Peters.
Discography
Singles / EPs
With The Dawn Parade
"The Dawn Parade EP" (2001)
"Good Luck Olivia" (2001)
"Electric Fence Your Gentleness EP" (2002)
"Caffeine Row" (January 2003)
"Strung Out On Nowhere" (August 2003)
"The Underground" (November 2004)
As Greg McDonald
"Reclaim The Night" (June 2009)
"A Little Strange" (November 2009)
"Liberty Waltz" (November 2010)
Albums
With The Dawn Parade
The Dawn Parade (2006)
With Glymjack
Light the Evening Fire
As Greg McDonald
Stranger At The Door (January 2008)
Tomorrow England (March 2011)
Sources
Greg McDonald on Myspace
Band page at Repeat Records website
External links
Greg McDonald on Myspace
The Visions on MySpace
Repeatfanzine.co.uk
English male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Musicians from Bury St Edmunds
Dragan Holcer (19 January 1945 – 23 September 2015) was a Yugoslav footballer who played as a defender.
Holcer was born in captivity in a Nazi prison camp to Slovenian father Franc Holcer and Austrian mother Ida Orelli of mixed Austrian-Italian descent who lived in Niš. Their father fought in World War II as part of Yugoslav Partisans. Their father was killed in battle while their pregnant mother was rounded up in Slovenia and imprisoned in Nazi Germany along with their three daughters. Shortly after the war ended their mother took the family to their hometown Niš in Serbia where Holcer grew up.
International career
They made their debut for Yugoslavia in a September 1965 World Cup qualification match away against Luxembourg and earned a total of 52 caps, scoring no goals. They were a participant at Euro 1968 and their final international was an April 1974 friendly match against the Soviet Union.
Death
Holcer, who was considered to be a legend of Hajduk Split, died in Split on 23 September 2015, aged 70.
References
External links
Serbian national football team website
1945 births
2015 deaths
Sportspeople from Niš
Croatian people of Slovenian descent
Croatian people of Italian descent
Slovenian people of Italian descent
Association football defenders
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
FK Radnički Niš players
HNK Hajduk Split players
VfB Stuttgart players
FC Schalke 04 players
Yugoslav First League players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in West Germany
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in West Germany
Burials at Lovrinac Cemetery
Carolin Schäfer (born 5 December 1991) is a German athlete who specialises in the heptathlon.
Schäfer represented Germany at the 2012 European Athletics Championships where they finished 11th in the heptathlon, scoring 6003 points. They finished 5th at the 2016 Summer Olympics
in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 2017, Schäfer earned the silver medal at the World Championships in London with the result of 6696 points. They won the bronze medal at the 2018 European Championships.
Achievements
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Bad Wildungen
Sportspeople from Kassel (region)
German heptathletes
Olympic heptathletes
Olympic athletes of Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Germany
World Athletics Championships medalists
European Athletics Championships medalists
German national athletics champions
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century German women
21st-century German women
was a Imperial Japanese Army officer who was one of the leaders of the 26 February Incident, a coup d'etat attempt by young officers of the Imperial Way Faction.
Career
Born in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Isobe graduated from the 38th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy and rose to the rank of lieutenant. They were suspended in 1934 for being involved in plans for a coup d'etat, and then discharged from the Army in 1935 when they published an incendiary pamphlet during their suspension. As a civilian, they were a leader in the February 26th Incident and was executed for their involvement.
The diary and letters which Isobe wrote in prison were published after World War II. In the letters, Isobe severely criticized Japanese authorities and Emperor Hirohito. The Japanese novelist, Yukio Mishima, extolled the letters of Isobe.
Portrayals
Film
Isao Yamagata (『叛乱]』, 1954, Shin Saburi)
Shinsuke Mikimoto (『重臣と青年将校 陸海軍流血史』, 1958, Michiyoshi Doi)
Kei Satō (『銃殺 ２・２６の叛乱』, 1964, Tsuneo Kobayashi)
Kōji Tsuruta (『日本暗殺秘録』, 1969, Sadao Nakajima )
Shirō Sano (『悪徳の栄え』, 1988, Akio Jissoji)
Naoto Takenaka (226, 1989, Hideo Gosha)
Drama
Takenori Murano ("[February 26th Incident of [wives]]", 1976)
Shun Oide ("[Approaching the [New Documentary Drama Showa Seicho Matsumoto incident]]", 1984, Murayama Shinji production)
Takeshi Wakamatsu ("[love had died in the [Ardor 2.26]]", 1991) (in 'Isomura Asaichi' name)
Tetsuya Chiba ("[History is moved at that time []]", NHK, 14 day, broadcasting 21 February 2001)
References
Bibliography
Sasaki KiJiro "Isobeasaichi and half life of one innovation officer" (Furong Shobo, 1980)
Yamazaki KuniOSamu "February 26th Incident and Isobeasaichi" (Kawade Shobō Shinsha, 1989)
Ken-ichi Matsumoto "February 26th Incident of Yukio Mishima" Bungeishunju November <Bunshun Shinsho>, 2005.
Masahiko Hamada "army of gods - the darkness of the international financial capital or Yukio Mishima," (thirty-five Museums, 2000)
External links
Isobe's prison diary (in Japanese)
1905 births
1937 deaths
Imperial Japanese Army officers
Executed Japanese people
People executed by Japan by firing squad
Japanese rebels
Military personnel from Yamaguchi Prefecture
Lawndale Elementary School District (LESD) is a school district headquartered in Lawndale, California, United States.
The district educates residents in: Lawndale, and portions of Hawthorne, as well as unincorporated areas in Los Angeles County (including Alondra Park).
History
Around the mid-20th century most of the families were Anglo White and blue collar. In 1968 the district had 7,016 students, a peak enrollment. However in 1983 it was down to 3,974, which became the lowest enrollment at the time. The enrollment declined because the area became more expensive, limiting the number of new families. In 1985 the district's enrollment had increased to 4,030 students, with 42.9% being Anglo White, 37.3% being Latino or Hispanic, 13.9% being Asians, 5.6% being black, and 0.4% being Native American.
In 1987 there Larry Breon, a member of the Lawndale city council, put forward a proposal to merge this district with the Centinela Valley Union High School District, with the former Lawndale High School being the unified school district's high school. Due to potential complexities, a lawyer from the Centinela district criticized the plan.
James Waters served as the superintendent until 1991, when they moved to be the Santee School District superintendent. Their resignation was effective after September 20, 1991.
Around 1991 the annual growth rate for the student body was 100 as wealthier families were moving to the district. In 1991 Kim Kowsky of the Los Angeles Times stated that the district, in light of the expansion of the number of racial and ethnic minority students, was "rapidly changing" and that therefore there were "lively" board campaigns for three seats on the district board. As of October 1991, there were 4,332 students: 41% of the students were Latino or Hispanic, 31% were Anglo White, 13% were black, and 10% were Asian. Of the student body, limited English proficiency students made up less than 30%. The enrollment circa August 1991 was about 4,500.
Schools
Elementary schools
William Anderson Elementary School (Lawndale)
William Green Elementary School (Lawndale)
Billy Mitchell Elementary School (Lawndale)
Circa 1991 it was one of the largest LESD campuses.
Franklin D. Roosevelt-Kit Carson Elementary School (Alondra Park, Unincorporated area)
Lucille J. Smith Elementary School (Lawndale)
Mark Twain Elementary School (Alondra Park, Unincorporated area)
Middle schools
Jane Addams Middle School (Lawndale)
Will Rogers Middle School (Lawndale)
The district had closed four schools due to the 1970s to 1980s population decline. Jonas Salk School in Hawthorne by then was not in use.
References
External links
Lawndale Elementary School District
School districts in Los Angeles County, California
Lawndale, California
Hawthorne, California
Lois Tripp Slocum (May 8, 1899 – May 25, 1951) was an American astronomer. They taught astronomy at Wellesley College, Smith College, and Wilson College during their career.
Early life
Lois Tripp Slocum was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts, the daughter of Edward Manchester Slocum and Eleanor Victoria Tripp Slocum. They graduated from Smith College in 1921, adding a master's degree in 1924. They held a Lick Observatory fellowship, and earned a Ph.D. at the University of California in 1930, completing a dissertation titled "A study of color indices of faint stars in five selected areas in the Milky Way" under advisor Robert J. Trumpler. Fred Whipple was in the same astronomy cohort at California, finishing in the same year as Slocum.
Them uncle was astronomer Frederick Slocum, who was a professor at Brown University in Rhode Island, and at Wesleyan University in Connecticut.
Career
Lois Slocum taught at Wellesley College with Leah Allen early in their career. They were a member of the astronomy department at Smith College from 1932 to 1943, and in 1944 joined the faculty at Wilson College.
During World War II, they worked at the Radio Research Laboratory at Harvard. They were an active member of the American Astronomical Society (elected 1922) and the American Association of Variable Star Observers. Them research focused on dark nebulae and the Milky Way galaxy. In 1932, they joined Annie Jump Cannon, Margaret Harwood, and Vibert Douglas in studying a solar eclipse at different locations across New England and Canada. "Miss Slocum has been working arduously with the other scientists at the delicate job of adjusting and checking the elaborate instruments which are to be focused on the sun at the time of the eclipse," reported the Boston Globe. They were also involved in the study of (named after its discoverer, Clarence Lewis Friend) in 1939.
Publications by Slocum included "Occultations of the Pleiades by the moon on February 14, 1932" (Astronomical Journal 1932), and "The eclipsing binary WW Aurigae" (Lick Observatory Bulletin 1942).
Personal life
Lois Tripp Slocum died in 1951, aged 52 years, in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. In 1967, an endowment from their mother's estate established the annual Lois T. Slocum Lecture at Wilson College, named in their memory.
References
1899 births
1951 deaths
American women astronomers
Smith College faculty
Wellesley College faculty
Wilson College (Pennsylvania) faculty
University of California alumni
Smith College alumni
People from New Bedford, Massachusetts
Adama Dosso is an Ivorian diplomat, the Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to China since August 2014. The Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to China also acts as non-resident ambassador to Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, North Korea and Myanmar.
Biography
Between 2011 and 2014, Adama Dosso was the Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to Cameroon.
In August 2014, Adama Dosso was appointed Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to China.
In June 2015, they announced the signature of a deal with China's Tiesiju Civil Engineering Group Co to build agricultural centers in 11 regions of the Ivory Coast, a deal worth $53 million.
In January 2017, they addressed their diplomatic credentials to the newly elected president of Vietnam Trần Đại Quang as non-resident Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to Vietnam. In June 2017, Adama Dosso also became the first (non-resident) Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to Cambodia. That same month, they went on air on Ivorian TV to confirm the death of the Ivorian football player Cheick Tioté.
In April 2018, they gave their letters of credence to the recently elected president of Mongolia Khaltmaagiin Battulga as non-resident Ambassador of the Ivory Coast to Mongolia.
References
Related pages
List of ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to China
Living people
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to China
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Thailand
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Cambodia
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Laos
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to North Korea
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Vietnam
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Myanmar
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Cameroon
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Mongolia
The Flonzaley Quartet was a string quartet organized in Manhattan, New York City in 1902. The group disbanded in 1929.
Personnel
The personnel of the group were as follows:
1st violin: (Bagni di Lucca, 21 March 1875 – Lucca, 2 December 1950).
2nd violin: Alfred Pochon (Yverdon, 30 July 1878 – Lutry, 26 February 1959).
viola: Ugo Ara (Venezia, 1876 – Lausanne, 1 December 1936), until 1917; replaced by Louis Bailly (Valenciennes, 13 June 1882 – Cowansville, Québec, 21 November 1974), until 1924; by Félicien d'Archambeau (? – ?), until 1925; by Nicolas Moldavan (Kremenetz, 23 January 1891 – New York, 21 September 1974), until disbanding in 1928.
violoncello: Iwan d'Archambeau (Herve, 1879 – Villefranche-sur-Mer, 29 December 1955).
Violinist Frank Howell Holden frequently played with the group.
History
The quartet was the creation of Edward J. de Coppet of New York, who in 1903 engaged the original members to devote themselves entirely to quartet-playing, and not with any view to giving regular concerts in public. The group took its name from de Coppet's summer villa near Lausanne, in Switzerland, where the four musicians first rehearsed. After a long period of practice, the Quartet made a European tour and won high praise for the perfection of its ensemble and its artistic finish. Both violinists and the violist had been students of the Belgian maestro César Thomson, who would also teach members of a contemporaneous pioneering American chamber group, the Zoellner Quartet. The group was first heard in New York, in private and at charity concerts, in autumn 1904, but it did not give a public concert in the United States until 5 December 1905. After that it appeared regularly in Europe and America. The members stuck to the original principle of not accepting any outside engagement, and having no pupils, and by devoting themselves entirely to the quartet maintained a position of acknowledged superiority in their field.
In 1914 the group asked Igor Stravinsky to write them a work. This resulted in their "Three pieces for String Quartet". A few years later they also commissioned them to write "Concertino", a one-movement work. Éduard de Coppet died in 1916, and their son André continued thereafter to maintain the Quartet. The original violist Ugo Ara left the group to join the Italian army, resulting in their replacement. The Quartet performed worldwide until disbanding in 1929.
One of their final public concerts was at The Town Hall in Manhattan, New York City on March 17, 1929. They broadcast their farewell concert over station WEAF (now WFAN) on May 7, 1929.
Legacy
Their recording of the Haydn 'Lark' quartet (below) could still be described as 'in prep.' in 1936.
Recordings
From 1913 until 1929, The Flonzaley made several acoustic and electrical recordings for the Victor Talking Machine Company. Among their recordings of longer works are the following:
Beethoven: Quartet Op 18 no 2 (V 1218–21/DA 851–854).
Beethoven: Quartet in E flat major op 127 (V 7629–33/DB 1377–81).
Beethoven: Quartet in F major op 135 (V 122–125/DA 847–850).
Brahms: Quintet in F minor op 34 with Harold Bauer, piano (V 6571–5/DB970-4).
Dohnányi: Quartet no 2 in D flat major op 15 (V 7354–6/DB 1135–7).
Haydn: Quartet in D major op 64 no 5 (V 7650–1).
Mozart: Quartet in D minor K 421 (V 7607–8/DB 1357-8).
Mozart: Quartet in D major K 575 (DA 947–9 ('V 1585–7' not issued?)).
Schubert: Quartet in G major op 161 (V 7475–8/DB 1373–6).
Schumann: Quintet in E flat major op 44 with Ossip Gabrilowitsch, piano (V 8092–5/DB 1191–4).
Smetana: Quartet no 1 in E minor (V 7130–2/DB 1359–61).
References
Further reading
R.D. Darrell, The Gramophone Shop Encyclopedia of Recorded Music (New York 1936).
A. Eaglefield-Hull, A Dictionary of Modern Music and Musicians (Dent, London 1924).
D. Ewen, Encyclopedia of Concert Music (Hill and Wang, New York 1959).
External links
Flonzaley Quartet recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
Wenzhou University (WZU; ) is a comprehensive public university in Wenzhou city, Zhejiang province, China.
History
Wenzhou University was founded through the amalgamation of Wenzhou Normal College established in 1956 and the former Wenzhou University, which was established in 1984.
Campuses
The two main campuses of the university are in Wenzhou's Chashan University Town, an area surrounded by green mountains and rivers.
WZU has with a total area of 1.7 square kilometers (419 acres), and the housing area is 820,000 square meters. The library has a collection of approximately 1.59 million volumes.
Administration
Faculty
The number of faculty members, administrative and supporting staff is 1,950, which 1,310 are full-time teachers (including 167 professors, 448 associate professors), 181 are mentors for postgraduates and doctorate students, and 201 are academics.
Students
The university has a full-time student population of 24,960.
Schools and departments
There are 20 departments or colleges at the university:
School of Business
College of Law and Politics
College of Physical Education
College of Humanity
College of Foreign Languages
College of Teacher Education
College of Music
Institute of Art and Design
College of Mathematics and Information Science
College of Physics and Electric Information
College of Chemistry and Materials Science
College of Life and Environmental Science
College of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering
College of Computer Science and Engineering
College of Architecture and Civil Engineering
Fashion Institute
College of Adult and Further Education
Ou Jiang College
College of International Cooperation
City College
References
External links
Wenzhou University Official website
Wenzhou University Official website
Education in Wenzhou
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Educational institutions established in 1984
1984 establishments in China
The 2019 General Aung San Shield Final is the 9th final of the MFF Cup.
The General Aung San Shield winner will qualify to AFC Cup competition.
The match was contested by Shan United and Yangon United at Thuwunna Stadium in Yangon. The match will play on 21 September 2019 and was the final match of the Bogyoke Aung San Cup.
Background
It is Shan United's second times General Aung San Shield final. Last time, they won against Yangon United in 2017 General Aung San Shield.
Yangon United were playing a record 5th MFF Cup final. They had previously won against Hanthawaddy United in 2018 General Aung San Shield final.
Ticket allocation
Both Shan United and Yangon United received a ticket allocation of 10,000 for the game. Ticket prices were Ks.1,000/- (Normal Ticket) and Ks.2,000/- (Special Ticket).
Route to the Final
Shan United
Yangon United
Match
Details
Statistics
Winner
Prizes for winner
A champion trophy.
Ks.3,00,00,000/- prize money.
Prizes for runners-up
Ks.150,00,000/- prize money.
Broadcasting rights
These matches will be broadcast live on Myanmar television:
References
General Aung San Shield
2019 in Burmese football
Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd. is a 2007 Indian comedy drama film. It is produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani under Excel Entertainment banner and marked the debut of Reema Kagti as a director. The movie has six different parts in it.
Plot and characters
The story is about six couples, who are on their honeymoon with the Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd. bus and their trials and tribulations during the four-day journey to Goa. The couples are:
Oscar Fernandes (Boman Irani) and their wife Naheed (Shabana Azmi) who have just recently married. They are middle age and the target of constant mocking from everyone else. However, they intend on having a great journey and not be bothered by their difficult pasts. This is their second marriage. Oscar's first wife committed suicide and Naheed's husband and two children died in a car accident. Oscar is Naheed's first husband's business partner. After a chance meeting with Oscar's estranged daughter in Goa, father and daughter mend their relationship.
Partho Sen (Kay Kay Menon) and Milly Sen (Raima Sen), a couple from a small town in Bengal.  They are a serious man and they behave as a traditional sari-wearing wife. Through an encounter with a bunch of thugs, Partho finds out their timid housewife holds a black belt in martial arts, as they defeat the crooks without breaking a sweat.
Madhu (Sandhya Mridul) and Bunty (Vikram Chatwal) have recently married. Their differences draw from the fact that they are an NRI (non-resident Indian), while they have lived in Mumbai, India, their entire life. Bunty is a closet homosexual and their parents want them to marry the daughter of a family friend. Out of anxiety they surfed the internet for a bride. They met Madhu online, came to India and married quickly. Madhu had a recently failed relationship with a man, whom they left after discovering that they had a wife and child already. They found Bunty and married quickly to forget that pain.
Pinky (Ameesha Patel) and Vicky (Karan Khanna), hailing from Delhi. They couldn't be more different, as Pinky is very extroverted and Vicky is the opposite. When Vicky meets Bunty for the first time, they develop romantic feelings for them but doesn't express them.
Hitesh (Ranvir Shorey) and Shilpa (Dia Mirza) are from Gujarat and have recently married. During the first half-hour, Shilpa runs away with their boyfriend, Jignesh (Arjun Rampal). They board the Honeymoon Travels bus returning to Mumbai, while escaping from contract killers sent by Shilpa's father.
Aspi (Abhay Deol) and Zara (Minissha Lamba) are seemingly the most perfect couple of them all: They've never fought. Unknown to each other, each is a superhero and has to go off at a moment's notice to help the people. When Zara questions the whereabouts of their husband when they are not to be found some nights, they fight for the first time. In course of the confrontation, the truth about their superhero identities is revealed to each other.
As the bus continues its journey, it is followed by a mysterious biker, who is revealed early on to be Jignesh (Arjun Rampal) Shilpa's boyfriend.
Cast
Abhay Deol as Aspi
Minissha Lamba as Zara
Shabana Azmi as Naheed
Boman Irani as Oscar Fernandes
Kay Kay Menon as Partho Sen
Raima Sen as Milly Sen
Sandhya Mridul as Madhu
Vikram Chatwal as Bunty
Ayaz Khan as Madhu's Boyfriend
Ameesha Patel as Pinky
Karan Khanna as Vicky
Ranvir Shorey as Hitesh
Dia Mirza as Shilpa
Arjun Rampal as Jignesh (Special Appearance)
Suzanne Bernert as Ditta
Shahana Goswami as Geena (Oscar's daughter)
Chandan Bisht as Ditta's love interest and Ramprasad's nephew
Darshan Jariwala as Ramprasad the Bus Driver
Naved Aslam as Sunil
Shiva Rajkumar as themselves
Puneeth Rajkumar as themselves
Nivin Pauly as themselves
Silambarasan as themselves
Yash as themselves
Sunny Deol as Ashok (Aspi's cousin)
Production
John Abraham and Shilpa Shetty were the first choices to play Jignesh and Shilpa, respectively. After Abraham refused to play the role of Jignesh, Shetty decided they didn't want to play Shilpa and backed out, too.
Box office
The film collected Rs 11.80 crores nett and was declared an average grosser in India by Box Office India.
Soundtrack
Music by Vishal-Shekhar.
References
External links
2007 films
2000s Hindi-language films
2000s drama road movies
Indian drama road movies
Indian comedy-drama films
Films about Indian weddings
Films scored by Vishal–Shekhar
Indian LGBT-related films
Films set in Goa
Films shot in Goa
2007 directorial debut films
2007 drama films
Films directed by Reema Kagti
Daphne Theresa Chia (born ) is a former Singaporean rhythmic gymnast. They represented Singapore at international competitions from 2013 to 2015.
Early life and education
Chia was born on 26 September 1996 in Indianapolis, USA. They attended Raffles Girls' School, and then Raffles Institution in Singapore. , Chia is a medical student at University of Cambridge.
They renounced their US citizenship in 2018.
Career
Chia started training as a rhythmic gymnast at the age of nine. In 2009, Chia represented their secondary school in the national Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships. They started representing Singapore in international competitions since 2010, starting with the ASEAN School Games 2010 in which their rhythmic gymnast team was placed second. In 2013, Chia represented Singapore in Asian Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships and World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships. In 2014, Chia represented Singapore in 2014 Commonwealth Games – women's rhythmic team all-around gymnastics and was placed eighth. In 2015, Chia represented Singapore in 2015 Southeast Asian Games – women's rhythmic individual all-around gymnastics event and was placed sixth. They had retired from the sport thereafter and chose to further their studies at University of Cambridge.
References
1996 births
Living people
Singaporean rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
People who renounced United States citizenship
Uma Chowdhry is an American chemist whose career has been spent in research and management positions with E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company.
They have specialized in the science of ceramic materials, including catalysts, proton conductors, superconductors and ceramic packaging for microelectronics.
Early life and education
Chowdhry was born in Mumbai, India in 1947. They received a Bachelor's degree in physics from the University of Bombay (now Mumbai University) in 1968 before coming to the United States. They received a Master of Science degree from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in engineering science in 1970. After two years with Ford Motor Company, they entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where they earned a Ph.D. in materials science in 1976.
Career
DuPont
They joined DuPont in 1977 as a research scientist
in Central Research & Development Department of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company at the DuPont Experimental Station in Wilmington, Delaware. By 1985 they had been promoted to Research Manager of Central Research. In 1987 they led DuPont's research effort in ceramic superconducting materials and developed a program that generated over 20 patents and 50 publications. In 1988 they became Laboratory Director of the Electronics group, and by 1991 was promoted to be its Director.
The following year they were appointed Laboratory Director of the Jackson Laboratory for the Specialty Chemicals group. In 1993 they became R&D Director, Specialty Chemicals. In 1995 they became Business Director for Terathane Products, and 2 year later was promoted to Business Planning and Technology Director for Chemicals. In 1999 they were promoted to Director of DuPont Engineering Technology.
In 2006 they became Senior Vice President and Global Chief Science and Technology Officer of DuPont, responsible for the company's core research programs and the DuPont "APEX" portfolio of research programs including basic chemistry, materials science and biotechnology. They retired in September 2010, becoming Chief Science & Technology Officer Emeritus.
In response to contamination of Ohio river caused by perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA, also known as C8), the key ingredient in Teflon, and subsequent cases of cancer and other medical issues, when asked if this C8 chemical could be responsible for babies born with deformities in 2 out of 8 former DuPont women employees, Ms. Uma responded "In the realm of scientific facts, this is not considered a statistically significant sample."
Other contributions
Chowdhry has served on study groups for the National Research Council to assess various technology topics of national interest, and was a member of National Research Council's Committee on Globalization (2004). Chowdhry is a member of the National Committee on Women in Science and Engineering sponsored by both the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering since 1999.
They have served on the board of directors for the Industrial Research Institute (2002-2005), Baxter International Inc. (2012-),
LORD Corporation (2010-),
the Advisory Board for Advanced Technology at the National Institute of Standards (NIST, 2010),
the National Inventors Hall of Fame and the Laboratory Operations Board for the Department of Energy for the US Government. They were appointed to the Laboratory Operations Board for the U.S. Department of Energy, Washington, D.C. in 2002.
Chowdhry has served on advisory boards of engineering schools at MIT, University of Pennsylvania, Princeton University and the University of Delaware.
Uma Chowdhry and their husband, Vinay Chowdhry, live in Wilmington, Delaware. They were elected to the board of trustees for Christiana Care Health Services in Delaware in 2003.
Awards and honors
For their contributions to the science of ceramics, Chowdhry was elected Fellow of the American Ceramic Society in 1989, where they chaired the Academy's Emerging Technologies Committee, 2002–2004.
They were elected a member to the National Academy of Engineering in 1996 for the application of advanced ceramic technologies to novel catalyst structures, large-scale chemical synthesis, and multilayer electronic circuit manufacture. Besides their membership, they have served on the program advisory board and election subcommittees. They were also elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2003.
Chowdhry received the 2011 IRI Medal for their leadership contributions at DuPont. Chowdhry received the 2011 Earle B. Barnes Award for Leadership in Chemical Research Management from the American Chemical Society.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
20th-century American chemists
20th-century American women scientists
American people of Indian descent
DuPont people
Scientists from Mumbai
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Women chief technology officers
American chief technology officers
Indian Institute of Science alumni
21st-century American chemists
21st-century American women scientists
California Institute of Technology alumni
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Scientists from Delaware
Fellows of the American Ceramic Society
The Dermatophilaceae is a Gram-positive family of bacteria placed within the order of Actinomycetales. Dermatophilaceae bacteria occur on animal and human skin and in fish guts.
Phylogeny
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature and the phylogeny is based on whole-genome sequences.
Notes
References
Further reading
Micrococcales
The Bavarian Border Police ( or GrePo) is a police division within the Bavarian State Police (Polizei Bavaria). It is the third arm of the police force alongside the state police and the riot police (Bereitschaftspolizei) It existed from 1946 (independently from 1952) to 1998 and was responsible for the federal borders in Bavaria. It was re-established as an independent arm in 2018, having no responsibility for border control.
History
In 1945 the Bavarian Border Police - then known as the Bavarian State Border Police (Bayerische Landesgrenzpolizei) - was reformed. The latter had existed from 1919 to 1934 in the shape of a Bavarian Border Police Commissariat on the borders between Lindau on Lake Constance and Eger. Its reformation was authorised by VA No. 72 on 15 November 1945 which established a Bavarian State Border Police force, the order taking effect from 1 March 1946. The first units were deployed by the American occupation powers as "Border Police".
On 15 March 1947 the overall responsibility for border control and implementation of Military Government Law No. 161 was transferred to the Bavarian Border Police. However the border police continued to receive their orders from the Military Government. The responsibility for checking members of the allied military forces and their dependents was exclusively carried out by American military personnel.
On 28 October 1952 the Bavarian Police Organisation law was passed (Polizeiorganisationsgesetz). Articles 34 to 41 of this law governed the border police and their mission which was "The supervision and policing of the state borders, especially supervision of border traffic and carrying out the dispatch and reception of people, including the supervision of passengers at airports". Their departments were given descriptions that corresponded to those of the state police.
The last agreement over responsibilities vis-à-vis the Bundesgrenzschutz was spelt out by an administrative agreement dated 16 July 1975 between the Interior Ministry and the Bavarian State Government which dealt with the exercise of tasks by the border police arm of the police service in Bavaria.
The only other German state that had its own border police in the post-war era was Hesse, whose border force was operational on the Russian, British and French zones from 1945 until 1 October 1950, when it was incorporated by the state police. Events in the late 1980s signalled the end of the Bavarian Border Police. Austria's entry into the EU on 1 January 1995 and on 28 April 1995 to the Schengen Treaty fundamentally changed the situation on the Bavarian-Austrian border.
From 1 January 1997 border controls on traffic from Austria were lifted in stages.
1998 Disbandment
With the incorporation of the Bavarian Border Police into the Bavarian State Police their history came to an end on 31 March 1998. They were replaced by police departments that almost exclusively deal with cross-border traffic. These include: the Missing Persons Police Department (Polizeiinspektion Fahndung or PIF) with border police stations (GPS) and the Search and Inspection Force (Fahndungs- und Kontrolltrupp or FKT). FKT officials are civilian and also work outside Bavaria in areas near the border. The border officers (Grenzbeauftragter) are the only vestige of the old border police that remains.
Re-establishment in 2018
Due to the European migrant crisis in 2015 and the establishment of border controls on the Austrian border, the state border police was re-established in 2018. The police force's headquarters are in Passau. The strength of the force will be approximately 1000 officers.
See also
Grepo
Law enforcement in Germany
List of law enforcement agencies in Germany
References
External links
Bavarian Border Police (Bavarian State Ministry for the Interior)
20th century in Bavaria
Border guards
Defunct law enforcement agencies of Germany
Aussie Elliott (1914 – February 3, 1934) was a Depression-era outlaw and associate of bank robbers George Birdwell and Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd. Born in Oklahoma, Elliott was convicted of bank robbery in 1932 and sentenced to the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester, Oklahoma, eventually escaping on August 14, 1932. Soon after joining Birdwell and Floyd, the three robbed a bank in Sallisaw, Oklahoma, of $2,530. Although identified by witnesses raiding a bank in Henryetta of $11,352 only six days later, several reports attributed the robbery to the Ford Bradshaw gang.
Crimes and death
Along with Adam Richetti and Edgar Dunbar (criminal), Elliott robbed $3,000 from a bank in Ash Grove, Missouri, on January 12, 1933, before fleeing to the home of Richetti's brother in Bolivar. Captured four months later in Creek County, Oklahoma, on May 14, Elliott was imprisoned for five months before again escaping on October 28, 1933. Despite the extensive manhunt by authorities, Elliott refused to flee Oklahoma and, along with bandits Raymond Moore, and Eldon Wilson, was found by police, acting on a tip, on February 3, 1934, at the home of Lee Davis, near Sapulpa, Oklahoma. As the officers drove up, they saw men scurrying away inside the house. Sapulpa Police Chief Tom Brumley went around one side of the house, while one of their officers went around the other toward the back door. The officer confronted two men, Elliott and Wilson, coming towards him, but they turned and ran back inside. When the police called on Elliott and Wilson to surrender, they heard a single shot come from the other side of the house. Moore (Duplin), trying to hide in the cellar, had killed Chief Brumley with the single shot. A gun battle at the front door, which was covered by Creek County Sheriff, Willis C. Strange, and Sapulpa patrolmen, W. E. Gage and Floyd Sellers, resulted in the deaths of Elliott and Wilson.
Moore managed to escape from the house and began a running gun battle with police, including several additional men who had just arrived at the scene. After reaching an area of rocks and hills, they tried to hide in a ditch while the officers looked for him. Sapulpa police officer C. P. Lloyd found him. Both men shot each other, and Lloyd died almost immediately. Other officers came quickly and killed Moore with gunfire.
Other lawmen participating in the action at Davis' house were Creek County Sheriff, Willis C. Strange, Sapulpa patrolmen, W. E. Gage and Floyd Sellers. These men were unharmed during the shootout.
See also
List of Depression-era outlaws
Notes
References
1914 births
1934 deaths
American bank robbers
American escapees
Deaths by firearm in Oklahoma
Depression-era gangsters
Escapees from Oklahoma detention
Fugitives
People from Oklahoma
People shot dead by law enforcement officers in the United States
Woodford's scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus woodfordi) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is native to Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
Etymology
The specific name, woodfordi, is in honor of British naturalist Charles Morris Woodford.
Reproduction
L. woodfordi is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1887). "Second Contribution to the Herpetology of the Solomon Islands". Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1887: 333–338 + Plate XXVIII. (Lepidodactylus woodfordi, new species, p. 334 + Plate XXVIII, figures 1, 1a).
de Rooij N (1915). The Reptiles of the Indo-Australian Archipelago. I. Lacertilia, Chelonia, Emydosauria. Leiden: E.J. Brill. xiv + 384 pp. (Lepidodactylus woodfordi, p. 51).
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Lepidodactylus woodfordi, p. 91). (in German).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles of Papua New Guinea
Reptiles of the Solomon Islands
Reptiles described in 1887
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Mozambique sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the country's second time competing at a Summer Paralympic Games after making its debut at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Mozambique was represented by one athlete, Edmilisa Governo, a short-distance sprinter. They competed in two events, the women's 100 metres T12 competition and the women's 400 metres T12. Governo reached the semi-finals of the women's 100 metres T12 and took Mozambique's first Paralympic Games medal in the women's 400 metres T12 by placing third in the final of the competition.
Background
Mozambique made its second Paralympic Games appearance in Rio de Janeiro, with their Paralympic debut occurring four years prior at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. In contrast, Mozambique has been competing at the Olympic Games since the 1980 Summer Olympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Mozambique sent one athlete to the Rio Paralympics, in athletics, Edmilsa Governo, a short-distance sprinter. They travelled with their coach Narciso Faquir to Rio de Janeiro on 1 September. Governo was chosen as the flag bearer during the parade of nations for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Mozambique finished tied for twelfth among African countries for total gold medals and seventy-sixth overall, winning one bronze. Cape Verde also won a single bronze medal.
Athletics
Edmlisa Governo was 18 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and they were making their Paralympic debut. Them disability is congenital; they were born with a visual impairment that has rendered them unable to see farther than . Governo is classified by the International Paralympic Committee as T12. They earned automatic qualification to the Games through their performance at the Tunisian International Meeting in March 2016, where they won two gold medals. This made Governo the first athlete from Mozambique to qualify for the Paralympics through standard qualifying procedures. They received sponsorship to make the Games, and immediately began training after their qualification was guaranteed. They told Radio France Internationale in June 2016 about their participation in Rio de Janeiro, "I'm going to win. I'll stop there, call my name and dictate the mark (Laughter). I can already imagine myself on track 2 or on track 7, what will it be like if I am on track 7, if I am on track 4, on track 3. I begin to imagine when I reach the finish line. I can already imagine it on the podium. I even dream of the Games."
On 7 September, Governo competed in the women's 100 metres T12 competition with their guide Filipe Chaimite. Assigned to heat three, they finished third and last of all athletes with a new African record time of 12.65 seconds. Despite this result, Governo's time was fast enough to advance them to the semi-finals. They were placed in the second heat at that stage, finishing third out of four sprinters, with an improved time of 12.35 seconds. Governo was fifth out of eight finishers overall and did not progress to the final since only the top four athletes were permitted to advance. They participated with Chaimite in the heats of the women's 400 metres T12 on 15 September. Governo finished second out of four athletes in heat three and their time of 54.94 seconds was fast enough to advance them to the final. In the final on 17 September, they finished third out of four sprinters with a time of 53.89 seconds, earning them a bronze medal and Mozambique's first medal at the Paralympic Games.
Women's Track
See also
Mozambique at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
Scheid is a village in the municipality of Tomils in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. In 2009 Scheid merged with Feldis/Veulden, Trans and Tumegl/Tomils to form the municipality of Tomils.
History
Scheid is first mentioned in the 12th Century as de Side.
Geography
Scheid has an area, , of . Of this area, 43.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 42% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 2.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (12.6%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The village is located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It consisted of two settlements, Unterscheid and Oberscheid, on the right bank of the Hinterrhein. In 2009 Scheid merged with Feldis/Veulden, Trans and Tumegl/Tomils to form Tomils.
In Romansh the two sections are known as Sched (Unterscheid) and Purz (Oberscheid).
Demographics
Scheid has a population () of 148, of which 2.7% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 8.8%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.6% male and 49.4% female. The age distribution, , in Scheid is; 99 people or 13.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 59 people or 7.9% are 10 to 14, and 34 people or 4.6% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 78 people or 10.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 164 people or 22.1% are 30 to 39, 138 people or 18.6% are 40 to 49, and 69 people or 9.3% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 48 people or 6.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 38 people or 5.1% are 70 to 79, there are 13 people or 1.7% who are 80 to 89, and there are 3 people or 0.4% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 70.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (15.2%), the FDP (9.3%) and the CVP (4.8%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Scheid about 69.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Scheid has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 36 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 16 businesses involved in this sector. 4 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 1 person is employed in the tertiary sector, with 1 business in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (79.1%), with Romansh being second most common (19.4%) and Portuguese being third ( 0.7%).
Dreibündenstein
The Dreibündenstein (|Romanish: Term bel) is a marker erected at the intersection of the Three Leagues (League of God's House, the League of the Ten Jurisdictions and the Grey League) which would found the modern canton of Graubünden. The stone is at an altitude of on the border between the municipalities of Domat/Ems, Scheid village (now part of Tomils municipality) and Malix. The original stone dates from 1722, and today is in the Rätian Museum in Chur. In 1742, Nicolin Sererhard mentions three stones. The Sektion Rhätia (Rhätian Section) of the Swiss Alpine club built this tall stone marker in 1915. In 1970 a chair lift was added to mountain, making it easier to reach the marker.
References
External links
Official Web site
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Domleschg
The 2009 Asian Fencing Championships was held in Doha, Qatar from 14 November to 19 November, 2009.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
References
FIE 2009 Annual Report
External links
Official website
Asian Championship
F
Asian Fencing Championships
Fencing competitions in Qatar
International sports competitions hosted by Qatar
The eye-ringed thistletail (Asthenes palpebralis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to central Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
References
eye-ringed thistletail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
eye-ringed thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Collateral Damage is the debut studio album of Spahn Ranch, released on September 20, 1993 by Cleopatra Records. The album marked the debut of Athan Maroulis, who continued to serve as the band's main vocalist and lyricist for the remainder of their existence. Maroulis began writing for the album three weeks after joining Spahn Ranch and has said that they were primarily listening to drum and bass producer Klute during its recording sessions. Spahn Ranch toured the United States for the first time in promotion of Collateral Damage
Reception
Jon Worley of Aiding & Abetting called Collateral Damage a "strident industrial soundtrack" and said "Spahn Ranch merely cuts through all pretense and serves up 10 tracks of pure vitriol" Keyboard commended the band's resistance to being pigeonholed. Critic Dave Thompson said "Ranch's industrial anguish and fury seethes with barely repressed emotion" and they "create a hard-hitting and provocative indictment of life's injustices, filled with anger, angst, and bleakness."
Option criticized the music for being recorded poorly and for being derivative of Ministry and Skinny Puppy. The critic concluded by noting "this is a band that hasn't found its voice yet; everything is cliché from the music to the unappetizing cadaver shot on the cover, which was obviously purloined from a medical textbook — talk about cheesy."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Collateral Damage liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – sampler, keyboards, production, mixing
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals, mixing
Rob Morton – programming, sampler, loops, production, mixing
Production and design
Judson Leach – recording, mixing, editing, mastering and additional programming (4)
Christopher Payne – cover art, illustrations, design
Patty Whizenhunt – photography
Release history
References
External links
Collateral Damage at iTunes
1993 debut albums
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records albums
Zoth Ommog Records albums
Sudiang Sports Hall (Indonesian: Gedung Olahraga Sudiang) or commonly known as is GOR Sudiang a multifunction sports arena in Biringkanaya, Makassar, South Sulawesi, Indonesia. This arena can be used for basketball, badminton, volleyball, futsal, and taekwondo venues.
References
Makassar
Sports venues in Indonesia
Indoor arenas in Indonesia
Badminton venues
Badminton in Indonesia
The Eden Mills Writers' Festival is held annually in the village of Eden Mills, which is approximately east of Guelph, Ontario, Canada. The festival includes readings by poets, authors, and other writers at various outdoor venues throughout the village. The festival occurs on the second Sunday after Labour Day in September. In previous years more than 40 Canadian authors appeared to give readings and interact with audiences, including notable Canadian writers such as Margaret Atwood and P. K. Page. On September 15, 2013, the Festival celebrated its 25th anniversary.
The festival also provides opportunities for young and unpublished writers to present their work in a juried reading session called "the Fringe." There are two literary contests: the Ishar Singh Poetry Contest and the Festival Literary Contest for new writers over the age of 16. The festival includes a book vendors' bazaar (Publisher's Way), a First Nations event, a children's site, and musical events. Eden Mills is located on the Eramosa River and the festival's principal readings take place on its banks.
History
In 1989 the Eden Mills Writers' Festival began, featuring Leon Rooke, local resident, writer and a Governor General's Award winner. It has been held annually since then, and expanded its programs: the number of professional readers, contests, etc.
The festival began in the original General Store, which was built in 1877. Don and Mark Holman, the owners of the general store at the time, suggested to neighbor Leon Rooke (who was then living with their wife Constance across the street) to launch their latest novel A Good Baby, from just outside the store. Rooke invited other writers to this event, such as Rohinton Mistry, Michael Ondaatje, Jane Urquhart and Linda Spalding. A small audience of 350 people showed up and the Eden Mills Writers' Festival had begun.
The Festival
Over the years, the Festival has taken place in an array of different Eden Mills venues, most of which are outdoors. Some are on the banks of the Eramosa River; others are in local residents' scenic backyards, to name a few. In addition to the main venues, there is a popular First Nations area (the Adisokaun stage). Children's Site is held at Jenny's Place, a retail store. Additions to the festival include the fringe and Young Adult readings, as well as two annual literary competitions.
The festival also has a section of the village partitioned for Publishers' Way. This is where booksellers, publishers, magazine producers and non-profit groups can display their work. Authors also congregate here to meet fans and sign their books. There is live music between readings and local food vendors sell various types of food to accommodate all tastes. This all happens within the small village, where participants can walk easily from venue to venue. The festival does offer transportation for anyone who cannot manage the walking.
The 2020 festival, scheduled for September 11–13, was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic and will be replaced with "a series of free online literary events" from May to October.
Gallery
Running the Festival
The Festival is run completely by volunteers. Many of these volunteers have been with the festival for years, and new ones are recruited each year. It is run by an eight-person board, six of whom are Eden Mills residents. The general membership of approximately 50 people assist with fundraising, operations, publicity, author selection, entertainment and music. On the day of the festival, 60 volunteers help with activities. Private sites are offered free of charge for readings, expressing the local support and generosity typical of this festival.
Green festival
Eden Mills is the first community in North America to attempt to have a carbon-neutral footprint. This is reflected in the festival planning and activities. The Eden Mills Writers' festival undertakes several precautions:
"To avoid landfill-clogging plastic bottles, Eden Mills brings in a water tank to dispense treated water to thirsty attendees. Festival volunteers discourage the use of disposable food containers by transporting dirty dishes by teenaged volunteers on bikes for washing at a neighbouring summer camp. Shuttle buses from downtown Guelph help reduce the need for cars."
References
External links
Eden Mills Writers' Festival web site
Eden Mills Community Website
Literary festivals in Ontario
Wellington County, Ontario
Festivals in Guelph
Leptospermum crassifolium is a species of shrub that is endemic to the Budawang Range in New South Wales. It has thin, rough bark that is shed annually, broadly elliptic leaves, white flowers borne singly on short side branches, and woody fruit.
Description
Leptospermum crassifolium is a shrub that typically grows to a height of and has thin, rough bark that is shed annually. The leaves are thick, broadly elliptical, about long and wide with a short, blunt point on the tip and a short petiole at the base. The flowers are about in diameter and are borne singly on short side shoots. The floral cup is mostly glabrous, about long on a fluted pedicel. The sepals are triangular, about long, the petals white, about long and the stamens arranged in groups of between five and seven, about long. Flowering occurs in February and the fruit is a woody capsule in diameter that remains on the plant with the sepals attached.
Taxonomy and naming
Leptospermum crassifolium was first formally described in 1989 by Joy Thompson in the journal Telopea. The specific epithet (crassifolium) is derived from Latin words meaning "thick" and "-leaved" referring to the texture of the leaves.
Distribution and habitat
Leptospermum crassifolium grows in sand and sandstone rock crevices on peaks in the Budawang Range.
References
crassifolium
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Plants described in 1989
Von Hippel–Lindau disease (VHL), also known as Von Hippel–Lindau syndrome, is a rare genetic disorder with multisystem involvement. It is characterized by visceral cysts and benign tumors with potential for subsequent malignant transformation. It is a type of phakomatosis that results from a mutation in the Von Hippel–Lindau tumor suppressor gene on chromosome 3p25.3.
Signs and symptoms
Signs and symptoms associated with VHL disease include headaches, problems with balance and walking, dizziness, weakness of the limbs, vision problems, and high blood pressure. Conditions associated with VHL disease include angiomatosis, hemangioblastomas, pheochromocytoma, renal cell carcinoma, pancreatic cysts (pancreatic serous cystadenoma), endolymphatic sac tumor, and bilateral papillary cystadenomas of the epididymis (men) or broad ligament of the uterus (women). Angiomatosis occurs in 37.2% of patients presenting with VHL disease and usually occurs in the retina. As a result, loss of vision is very common. However, other organs can be affected: strokes, heart attacks, and cardiovascular disease are common additional symptoms. Approximately 40% of VHL disease presents with CNS hemangioblastomas and they are present in around 60-80%. Spinal hemangioblastomas are found in 13-59% of VHL disease and are specific because 80% are found in VHL disease. Although all of these tumours are common in VHL disease, around half of cases present with only one tumour type.
Pathogenesis
The disease is caused by mutations of the Von Hippel–Lindau tumor suppressor (VHL) gene on the short arm of chromosome 3 (3p25-26). There are over 1500 germline mutations and somatic mutations found in VHL disease.
Every cell in the body has 2 copies of every gene (bar those found in the sex chromosomes, X and Y). In VHL disease, one copy of the VHL gene has a mutation and produces a faulty VHL protein (pVHL). However, the second copy still produces a functional protein. The condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner - one copy of the faulty gene is sufficient to increase the risk of developing tumours.
Approximately 20% of cases of VHL disease are found in individuals without a family history, known as de novo mutations. An inherited mutation of the VHL gene is responsible for the remaining 80 percent of cases.
30-40% of mutations in the VHL gene consist of 50-250kb deletion mutations that remove either part of the gene or the whole gene and flanking regions of DNA. The remaining 60-70% of VHL disease is caused by the truncation of pVHL by nonsense mutations, indel mutations or splice site mutations.
VHL protein
The VHL protein (pVHL) is involved in the regulation of a protein known as hypoxia inducible factor 1α (HIF1α). This is a subunit of a heterodimeric transcription factor that at normal cellular oxygen levels is highly regulated. In normal physiological conditions, pVHL recognizes and binds to HIF1α only when oxygen is present due to the post translational hydroxylation of 2 proline residues within the HIF1α protein. pVHL is an E3 ligase that ubiquitinates HIF1α and causes its degradation by the proteasome. In low oxygen conditions or in cases of VHL disease where the VHL gene is mutated, pVHL does not bind to HIF1α. This allows the subunit to dimerise with HIF1β and activate the transcription of a number of genes, including vascular endothelial growth factor, platelet-derived growth factor B, erythropoietin and genes involved in glucose uptake and metabolism. A new novel missense mutation in VHL genes c.194 C>T, c.239 G>A, c.278 G>A, c.319 C>G, c.337 C>G leading to the following variations p.Ala 65 Val, p.Gly 80 Asp, p.Gly 93 Glu, p.Gln 107 Glu, p.Gln 113 Glu in the protein contributed to renal clear cell carcinoma.
Diagnosis
The detection of tumours specific to VHL disease is important in the disease's diagnosis. In individuals with a family history of VHL disease, one hemangioblastoma, pheochromocytoma or renal cell carcinoma may be sufficient to make a diagnosis. As all the tumours associated with VHL disease can be found sporadically, at least two tumours must be identified to diagnose VHL disease in a person without a family history.
Genetic diagnosis is also useful in VHL disease diagnosis. In hereditary VHL disease, techniques such as the Southern blot and gene sequencing can be used to analyse DNA and identify mutations. These tests can be used to screen family members of those afflicted with VHL disease; de novo cases that produce genetic mosaicism are more difficult to detect because mutations are not found in the white blood cells that are used for genetic analysis.
Classification
VHL disease can be subdivided according to the clinical manifestations, although these groups often correlate with certain types of mutations present in the VHL gene.
Treatment
Early recognition and treatment of specific manifestations of VHL can substantially decrease complications and improve quality of life. For this reason, individuals with VHL disease are usually screened routinely for retinal angiomas, CNS hemangioblastomas, clear-cell renal carcinomas and pheochromocytomas. CNS hemangioblastomas are usually surgically removed if they are symptomatic. Photocoagulation and cryotherapy are usually used for the treatment of symptomatic retinal angiomas, although anti-angiogenic treatments may also be an option. Renal tumours may be removed by a partial nephrectomy or other techniques such as radiofrequency ablation.
Belzutifan is a drug under investigation for the treatment of von Hippel–Lindau disease-associated renal cell carcinoma.
Epidemiology
VHL disease has an incidence of one in 36,000 births. There is over 90% penetrance by the age of 65. Age at diagnosis varies from infancy to age 60–70 years, with an average patient age at clinical diagnosis of 26 years.
History
The German ophthalmologist Eugen von Hippel first described angiomas in the eye in 1904. Arvid Lindau described the angiomas of the cerebellum and spine in 1927. The term Von Hippel–Lindau disease was first used in 1936; however, its use became common only in the 1970s.
Notable cases
Some descendants of the McCoy family (involved in the Hatfield-McCoy feud of Appalachia, USA) are presumed to have VHL. In an article appearing in the Associated Press, it has been speculated by a Vanderbilt University endocrinologist that the hostility underlying the Hatfield–McCoy feud may have been partly due to the consequences of Von Hippel–Lindau disease. The article suggests that the McCoy family was predisposed to bad tempers because many of them had a pheochromocytoma which produced excess adrenaline and a tendency toward explosive tempers.
Nomenclature
Other uncommon names are: angiomatosis retinae, familial cerebello-retinal angiomatosis, cerebelloretinal hemangioblastomatosis, Hippel Disease, Hippel–Lindau syndrome, HLS, VHL, Lindau disease or retinocerebellar angiomatosis.
See also
Haemangioblastoma
epithelial sodium channel
Nephron
proximal convoluted tubule
References
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Von Hippel-Lindau Syndrome
(VHL gene)
Autosomal dominant disorders
Rare diseases
Hereditary cancers
Genodermatoses
Syndromes
Imma ciniata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Panama.
The forewings are brownish-black, thickly spotted all over with grey and with a black fringe. The hindwings are very dark brown, slightly paler at the base.
References
Moths described in 1898
Immidae
Moths of Central America
Schizocystidae is a genus of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this family infect insects (Diptera).
History
This genus was created by Léger in 1909.
Taxonomy
The type species is Schizocystis gregarinoides.
Lifecycle
The parasites develop in extracellular locations. The trophozoites are large, band like and wide. They have longitudinal striae and are aseptate. A mucron of small pseudopods or sucker is present. The nuclei are large.
Merogony occurs once in the lifecycle. Nuclear division proceeds with binary fission during growth. Cytokinesis occurs to form uninucleate merozoites arranged in clusters in the shape of the trophozoite. The merozoites become free by dropping off the parent trophozoite.
Gamonts, gametocysts and oocysts are of the actinocephalid type with syzygy occurring just before gametocyst formation.
The young gamonts are vermiform (wormlike). The gametocysts are mostly spherical. The oocysts are spindle-shaped with eight sporozoites.
References
Conoidasida
Apicomplexa genera
Parasites of Diptera
Ramiro Corrales (born March 12, 1977) is an American former professional soccer player who is currently a technical advisor and assistant coach for USL Championship expansion side Monterey Bay FC. They spent most of their professional career with the San Jose Earthquakes in Major League Soccer.
Known as a "reliable contributor who [is] strong in defense, composed and responsible with the ball and who works hard to make their teammates better", Corrales was the last remaining active MLS player from its inaugural season in 1996 upon their 2013 retirement.
Club career
San Jose Clash (1996–1997)
Born in Salinas, California, Corrales did not play college soccer; instead they signed with the California Jaguars of USISL. They then became a professional and entered the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. This was before the advent of Project-40, so Corrales forfeited any opportunity to guarantee a college scholarship. Corrales was drafted 81st by the Columbus Crew but was then immediately traded to the San Jose Clash (later to be renamed "Earthquakes") for a second-round selection in the MLS Supplemental draft.
Ramiro made their MLS debut on April 28, 1996 as a substitute in a match against the LA Galaxy. Their first assist came a couple months later on June 8 against the Dallas Burn and their first goal came off a free kick against the Tampa Bay Mutiny on September 9. In their rookie season for the San Jose Clash, they garnered a goal and an assist playing 11 matches. They started in 11 games the following season.
MetroStars (1998–2000)
In November 1997, Corrales was drafted 16th by the Miami Fusion in the 1997 Expansion Draft. They were traded again in June 1998, this time to the MetroStars in exchange for Carlos Parra. In 1998 Corrales played in 3 matches for the Metros, getting one assist. The 1999 season saw Corrales take a large amount of playing time with the club in a total 31 appearances. They were second on the team in minutes with 1,460. The 2000 season saw Corrales split their time between the Metrostars and the US Olympic squad who were going through Olympic qualification and the 2000 Summer Olympics soccer tournament. Corrales ended the season with two assists in twenty two games played.
San Jose Earthquakes (2001–2004)
In 2001, Corrales was traded back to San Jose for the rights to goalkeeper Paul Grafer. There, they were an integral part of coach Frank Yallop's team that won the 2001 and 2003 MLS Cups. The 2002 season was one of Corrales' best, scoring three goals and providing nine assists in 28 matches played, both career highs. In nine years in MLS, Corrales scored nine goals and provided 19 assists.
HamKam (2005–2006)
Seeking to leave MLS, Corrales signed with Norwegian club Hamarkameratene on a three-year contract. They were part of a wave of American MLS players who went to Scandinavia to seek better wages and European play. They were signed to play as a central midfielder at the club but they mainly played as left back while sometimes being used as a left midfielder. In the 2006 season they scored their first goal in Norway, a free kick goal against IK Start. They were selected the club player of the year in the 2006 season by both local newspaper Hamar Arbeiderblad and as voted by the fans on the club's official homepage. Due to the fact that HamKam was relegated at the end of the season, rumors swirled about where Corrales would leave to. They were rumored to be heading for Spain or Belgium, though IK Start in Norway seemed to be the front runner to sign him.
Brann (2007)
On January 5, 2007, Hamarkameratene and Brann agreed on a transfer, but Corrales was expelled from Norway on February 9 by the Norwegian Directorate of Immigration, leaving it uncertain if they could play for Brann. Corrales was expelled because they had played the whole 2006 season without a work-permit. The case was solved on March 14 when the Norwegian Immigration Appeals Board (UNE) gave Corrales a new work-permit. Corrales dealt with injuries and made only 17 appearances overall for the club, but scored a goal and helped lead Brann to their first title since 1963.
After a US versus Sweden training match in January 2008, Ramiro refused to return to Bergen and expressed that they would rather give up soccer than return. They claimed they did not like the Bergen weather, although they later said they would accept a move to Oslo which has a more dry climate than Bergen. They also modified their statement to they did not like being benched. Corrales was rumored to return to MLS with Toronto FC and former club New York Red Bulls showing interest. The Houston Dynamo still held their rights, which were kept by the team since their move from San Jose in 2006, and so any return to MLS would have to go through Houston.
Return to San Jose Earthquakes (2008–2013)
Corrales eventually returned to the United States in 2008, re-signing for the San Jose Earthquakes, who bought their rights from the Houston Dynamo. They made their first appearance for the Quakes since 2004 on April 3, in a match against the LA Galaxy. They scored their first goal in their new stint on May 10 against the Columbus Crew.
After the departure of Quakes captain Nick Garcia in a trade, Corrales was selected by Frank Yallop to be the next player to lead the team. Yallop cited Corrales' experience, calm but stern leadership, and being bilingual as reasons for selecting them as captain. In 2009, they became the team's all-time leader in appearances with their 164th, in their match against FC Dallas on October 7 passing Richard Mulrooney to grab the record.
In 2010, they led the Quakes to the Eastern Conference Final of the MLS Cup playoffs, the club reaching the playoffs for the first time since 2005. They passed the New York Red Bulls in the semi-finals, after the Quakes were down a goal in the first leg.
Entering into 2011, Corrales was dealing with more frequent injuries, and so they started to adapt to becoming more of a mentor than just a player. At the start of the season they were one of three players to have remained since the inaugural MLS season, the other two being Zach Thornton and Frankie Hejduk. In 2011, they played in their 200th career match for San Jose against the New York Red Bulls on July 2, becoming the first player to reach 200 games played with San Jose.
In 2012, they had a career year, captaining the Quakes in their Supporters Shield-winning season. They were selected by MLS commissioner Don Garber to participate in the 2012 MLS All Star game, their first ever. They played for 35 minutes in the match against Chelsea after being subbed in during the 56th minute for San Jose teammate Justin Morrow. They finished the season with two goals and seven assists, the assists tally the second highest in their career. When off-season came, Corrales saw their option declined by San Jose on November 28, 2012. They subsequently entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft and became a free agent after going undrafted in both rounds of the draft. They were re-signed by the Earthquakes for the 2013 season in both a playing and coaching capacity in February 2013.
They reached the 300th MLS appearance mark in a match against the Houston Dynamo in 2013, becoming the 21st player in MLS history to hit that mark. Corrales played their last game on October 26, 2013, against FC Dallas at Buck Shaw Stadium; they played as a starter and was subbed out in the 69th minute treated with a standing ovation and teammates carrying them off the pitch. They passed on their captain's armband to Chris Wondolowski, which served not only a practical in game purpose but also symbolized the transition of player leadership for the next season on, with Wondolowski serving as captain starting in 2014.
In 2018, they came out of retirement to become a player-coach for Premier Development League team Santa Cruz Breakers FC in their debut season.
Post-playing career
In April 2021, they joined the technical staff of USL Championship expansion side Monterey Bay FC.
Career statistics
International
Corrales was born in the United States and is of Mexican descent. Ramiro has earned appearances for the United States national team, playing for the U-20 and U-23 teams along with four caps for the senior team in the 90's (his first coming October 16, 1996 against Peru). They also appeared in two games at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, helping the United States reach the semifinals. They were finally recalled in 2008 after an eight-year absence.
International Appearances
Honors
Club
San Jose Earthquakes
MLS Cup: 2001, 2003
MLS Supporters Shield: 2012
Brann
Norwegian Premier League: 2007
Individual
MLS All-Star: 2012
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
American expatriate sportspeople in Norway
American expatriate soccer players
Soccer players from California
California Jaguars players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Hamarkameratene players
New York Red Bulls players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Major League Soccer players
Miami Fusion players
MLS Pro-40 players
Eliteserien players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Sportspeople from Salinas, California
San Jose Earthquakes players
SK Brann players
United States men's international soccer players
USISL players
USISL A-League players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
Association football defenders
American soccer players
Monterey Bay FC
