The 2019–20 UEFA Europa League group stage began on 19 September and ended on 12 December 2019. A total of 48 teams competed in the group stage to decide 24 of the 32 places in the knockout phase of the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League.
Draw
The draw for the group stage was held on 30 August 2019, 13:00 CEST, at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco.
The 48 teams were drawn into twelve groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association could not be drawn against each other. For the draw, the teams were seeded into four pots based on their 2019 UEFA club coefficients.
On 17 July 2014, the UEFA emergency panel ruled that Ukrainian and Russian clubs would not be drawn against each other "until further notice" due to the political unrest between the countries.
Moreover, for associations with two or more teams, teams were paired in order to split them into two sets of six groups (A–F, G–L) for maximum television coverage. The following pairings were announced by UEFA after the group stage teams were confirmed:
Spain: Sevilla and Espanyol
England: Arsenal and Manchester United
Italy: Roma and Lazio
Germany: Borussia Mönchengladbach and Eintracht Frankfurt
France: Saint-Étienne and Rennes
Russia: CSKA Moscow and Krasnodar
Portugal: Porto and Sporting CP; Braga and Vitória de Guimarães
Ukraine: Dynamo Kyiv and Oleksandriya
Belgium: KAA Gent and Standard Liège
Turkey: Beşiktaş and Trabzonspor
Netherlands: PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord
Austria: LASK and Wolfsberger AC
Switzerland: Basel and Young Boys
Scotland: Celtic and Rangers
On each matchday, one set of six groups play their matches at 18:55 CET/CEST, while the other set of six groups play their matches at 21:00 CET/CEST, with the two sets of groups alternating between each matchday. The fixtures were decided after the draw, using a computer draw not shown to public, with the following match sequence (Regulations Article 15.02):
Note: Positions for scheduling do not use the seeding pots, e.g. Team 1 is not necessarily the team from Pot 1 in the draw.
There were scheduling restrictions: for example, teams from the same city (e.g. Lazio and Roma) in general were not scheduled to play at home on the same matchday (to avoid them playing at home on the same day, due to logistics and crowd control), and teams from "winter countries" (e.g. Russia) were not scheduled to play at home on the last matchday (due to cold weather).
Teams
Below were the participating teams (with their 2019 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They included:
17 teams which entered in the group stage
21 winners of the play-off round (8 from Champions Path, 13 from Main Path)
6 losers of the Champions League play-off round (4 from Champions Path, 2 from League Path)
4 League Path losers of the Champions League third qualifying round
Notes
Format
In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advanced to the round of 32, where they were joined by the eight third-placed teams of the Champions League group stage.
Tiebreakers
Teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Articles 16.01):
Points in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Away goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
If more than two teams were tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, a subset of teams is still tied, all head-to-head criteria above were reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams;
Goal difference in all group matches;
Goals scored in all group matches;
Away goals scored in all group matches;
Wins in all group matches;
Away wins in all group matches;
Disciplinary points (red card = 3 points, yellow card = 1 point, expulsion for two yellow cards in one match = 3 points);
UEFA club coefficient.
Groups
The matchdays were 19 September, 3 October, 24 October, 7 November, 28 November, and 12 December 2019. The scheduled kickoff times were 18:55 and 21:00 CET/CEST, with possible exceptions at 16:50 CET/CEST due to geographical reasons.
Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Group I
Group J
Group K
Group L
Notes
References
External links
2
2019-20
September 2019 sports events in Europe
October 2019 sports events in Europe
November 2019 sports events in Europe
December 2019 sports events in Europe
Hassoumi Massaoudou is a Nigerien politician who served in the government of Niger as Minister of Finance from October 2016 to January 2019. A leading member of the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism (PNDS-Tarayya), they were Minister of Communication, Culture, Youth and Sports from 1993 to 1994, President of the PNDS Parliamentary Group from 1999 to 2004, Director of the Cabinet of the President from 2011 to 2013, Minister of the Interior from 2013 to 2016, and Minister of National Defense in 2016 and minister of Foreign Affairs since 2021.
Political career
Massaoudou was a founding member of the PNDS, a party created under the leadership of Mahamadou Issoufou in 1990; when the party held its Constitutive General Assembly on 23–24 December 1990, Massaoudou was designated as its Secretary for Information and Propaganda. Following Niger's first multiparty elections in 1993, a coalition government headed by Mahamadou Issoufou was named on 23 April 1993; it included Massaoudou as Minister of Communication, Culture, Youth and Sports. They served in that position until Prime Minister Issoufou resigned in late September 1994 and the PNDS left the ruling coalition, with a new government being named on 5 October 1994.
Following the military coup led by Ibrahim Baré Maïnassara on 27 January 1996, Massaoudou was arrested on 13 July 1996 and tortured while in detention, with mock executions being used.
Massaoudou was elected to the National Assembly in the November 1999 parliamentary election and served as President of the PNDS Parliamentary Group during the parliamentary term that followed. As of 2004, they were the First Deputy Secretary-General of the PNDS.
Regarding President Mamadou Tandja's 2009 efforts to create a new constitution that would remove presidential term limits, Massaoudou said that Tandja had lost their legitimacy and that the opposition would "treat them as a mere putschist". They told the press on 1 June 2009, that Tandja was attempting the "demolition of democratic institutions". They also said that "simultaneous giant rallies across the country" would be held on 7 June to oppose Tandja's planned constitutional referendum.
Massaoudou headed Issoufou's campaign for the January–March 2011 presidential election. Issoufou won the election and took office as President on 7 April 2011; they appointed Massaoudou as Director of the Cabinet of the President, with the rank of Minister, on the same day.
Massaoudou served as Director of the Cabinet for over two years before being appointed to the government as Minister of the Interior, Public Security, Decentralization, and Customary and Religious Affairs on 13 August 2013. After Issoufou was sworn in for a second term, Massaoudou was moved to the post of Minister of National Defense on 11 April 2016. Six months later, on 19 October 2016, they were again moved, this time to the post of Minister of Finance.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ministers of council of Niger
Members of the National Assembly (Niger)
Members of the Pan-African Parliament from Niger
Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism politicians
Communication ministers of Niger
Culture ministers of Niger
Defense ministers of Niger
Foreign ministers of Niger
Finance ministers of Niger
Interior ministers of Niger
Sports ministers of Niger
is a private university in Sakai, Osaka, Japan. The school was founded in 1964 as a women's junior college. After becoming coeducational in 2000, it became a four-year college in 2002.
Academic Faculties
This university has the following faculties.
Faculty of Social Sciences
Department of Social Sciences
Economic and Business Administration Course
Global Studies Course
Tourism Course
Sports and Management Course
Department of Media Studies
Broadcasting and Media Course
Visual Arts Course
Information Studies Course
Faculty of Human Life Studies
Department of Human Life Studies
Confectionery Studies Course
Interior Architectural Design Course
Fashion Design and Merchandise Course
Department of Food and Nutrition
Department of Food and Nutrition
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1964
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
1964 establishments in Japan
Sakai, Osaka
The 2015 Bulgarian Supercup was the 13th Bulgarian Supercup, an annual Bulgarian football match played between the winners of the previous season's A Football Group and Bulgarian Cup. The game was played between Cherno More Varna, who beat Levski Sofia to win the 2015 Bulgarian Cup Final, and Ludogorets Razgrad, champions of the 2014–15 A Group.
This was Ludogorets's fourth Bulgarian Supercup appearance and Cherno More's first. Watched by a crowd of 3,600 at Lazur Stadium in Burgas, Cherno More won the match 1–0.
Match details
References
2015
Supercup
PFC Cherno More Varna matches
PFC Ludogorets Razgrad matches
Jennifer Gay (born 22 September 1935) was an on-screen BBC Children's TV continuity announcer for the BBC Television Service (later to become BBC One, but then the only British television channel) between 1949 and 1953.
Early life
Jennifer Gay was born to actor Molly Gay and composer Hugo Rignold.
Television career
Gay began introducing children's programmes in June 1949, and aged 14 became the "first schoolgirl in the world to announce TV programmes as a regular job". For the next three years, they grew up on screen, their name intrinsically linked with early 1950s children's television.
Introducing themselves by name as "one of the Children's Hour announcers", Gay appeared most days at 5pm to introduce that afternoon's hour of programming, which included such favourites as Muffin the Mule, Mr. Turnip, and Hank and Prudence. Andrew Martin a BBC Archives expert described Gay as "the accepted way of presenting children to themselves".
Them final on-screen appearance as an announcer was in May 1953, after which Gay left the BBC to continue the ballet training they had pursued throughout their television career. They returned to television at ATV in the Midlands during the early 1960s, and was one of the launch team of reporters for the nightly news magazine programme ATV Today.
Career highlights
In December 1949, Gay "announced the first children's programmes transmitted from the Sutton Coldfield transmitter", while the 1953 Television Annual described Gay's "most frightening afternoon", as the occasion upon which "she had to partner Mrs. Attlee in the programme which opened the Lime Grove Studios," just five months later in May, 1950.
Also in 1950, they battled sea-sickness after journeying to France to "take part in TV's first-ever cross-Channel hook-up", which included scenes of "Jennifer... going through Customs and being shown round the Port of Calais".
See also
Continuity announcers in the United Kingdom
References
External links
A visual introduction to the early programmes and the bits in between...
"Jennifer Gay Leaves the BBC" at Whirligig
"The Continuity Booth" at the TV Room
1935 births
Radio and television announcers
British television presenters
Living people
Shyamala Chechi is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by R. Chella Durai and V. Abdulla. The film stars Sathyan, Ambika, Sukumari and Adoor Bhasi. The film has a musical score by K. Raghavan.
Cast
Sathyan
Ambika
Sukumari
Adoor Bhasi
Pappukutty Bhagavathar
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Bahadoor
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Pariyanampatta
Premji
T. Damodaran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by Thunchathezhuthachan and P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Lorenzo Bressani (born 28 June 1973) is an Italian sailor.
In 2010 and 2011, following back to back Melges 24 and Melges 32 World Championship wins, they were shortlisted by the International Sailing Federation for the ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Italian sailors
Extreme Sailing Series sailors
Glafcos Ioannou Clerides (; 24 April 1919 – 15 November 2013) was a Greek Cypriot politician and barrister who served as the fourth president of Cyprus from 1993 to 2003. At the time of their death, they were the oldest living former President of Cyprus.
Personal life
Clerides was born in Nicosia. They were the eldest son of the lawyer and statesman Ioannis Clerides and Elli Argyridou. They had one sister, Chrysanthi, and one brother, Xanthos. Clerides married Lila Erulkar (31 October 1921 – 6 June 2007), the Indian Jewish daughter of Dr Abraham Erulkar, personal physician to Mahatma Gandhi, in London in 1947. They have a daughter, Katherine (born 1949 in London), who was a member of the House of the Representatives for the Democratic Rally Party. They died on 15 November 2013 at a hospital in Nicosia. They were 94 years old.
World War II
During World War II, they served in the British Royal Air Force. In 1942 their airplane was shot down over Germany and they were captured. They remained a prisoner of war until the end of the war. Their name was mentioned in dispatches for distinguished services.
Post-World War II
Following the war, they studied law at King's College London graduated in 1948 as a barrister through Gray's Inn, and later practiced law in Cyprus. They were a member of the EOKA organization that sought the liberation of Cyprus from British Rule and participated in the struggle under the pseudonym "Ypereides." During that period they defended numerous EOKA fighters arrested by the British. One of their most famous accomplishments was a preparation of a dossier that enumerated and provided evidence of instances of Human Rights violations by the Imperial administration of Cyprus and its agents.
Cypriot independence
Clerides participated in the 1959 London Conference on Cyprus and during the transitional period, from colonial administration to independence (1959–1960), they served as Minister of Justice. During the same period they were Head of the Greek Cypriot delegation in the Joint Constitutional Committee. In July 1960, they were elected to the House of Representatives which, in turn, elected them as its first President. They held this position until 22 July 1976. In the first presidential elections Clerides backed Makarios III, the other candidate being their father Ioannis Clerides.
Cyprus became independent in 1960, and Clerides gained political power as a member of the United Democratic Party. Following the 15 July 1974 coup d'état in which EOKA B, a Greek Cypriot pro-enosis paramilitary organisation, overthrew the democratically elected Makarios and installed Nikos Sampson as a President with dictatorial powers, Turkey invaded Cyprus. Eight days later, Sampson was forced to resign. On the same day, 23 July 1974, Clerides temporarily assumed the duties of the President of the Republic, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Constitution. They exercised these duties until 7 December 1974, the day of the return of Archbishop Makarios, President of the Republic, who was forced to flee on 16 July 1974 on account of the coup. Both President Makarios and the House of Representatives thanked Glafcos Clerides publicly for the task they performed during that period. Critics, especially from EDEK refer to that period as the post-coup, implying that democracy was not fully restored until the return of Makarios. Clerides on the other hand has repeatedly condemned what they called "violence and counter violence" that led to the coup (i.e. the conflict between EOKA-B and "efedriko", a special anti-terrorist police body formed to fight EOKA-B).
Post-independence
From 1961 to 1963 they held the position of President of the Cyprus Red Cross. In recognition of their outstanding services they were awarded a Certificate of Honour and Life Membership in recognition of distinguished services to the Red Cross.
In 1976 they founded the right wing Democratic Rally (Demokratikos Synagermos). They were a candidate for the presidency of Cyprus six times and elected to two five-year terms, in 1993 and in 1998. In 1998 their main opponent was Georgios Iakovou. They were defeated in the 2003 presidential election by Tassos Papadopoulos.
They were the author of the autobiographical overtoned depiction of 20th century Cypriot history, My Deposition, in four volumes (Alithia Publishing, Cyprus, 1988). Glafcos Clerides is an Honorary Member of The International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation.
Presidency of Cyprus
During their presidency (1993–2003) Cyprus prospered significantly. Cyprus' stable economy made the island the wealthiest of the ten countries which acceded to the European Union in 2004. The Clerides government is credited with the accession of Cyprus to the European Union. They lost some of their popularity due to their strong support of the Annan Plan for the reunification of Cyprus. While 65% of the Turkish Cypriot community voted in favor of the plan in a referendum, the Greek Cypriot community rejected it by over 75% of the popular vote.
References
Bibliography
Niyazi Kızılyürek, Glafkos Clerides: The Path of a Country, Rimal Publications, Nicosia, 2008, 278 p.
External links
Biography
1919 births
2013 deaths
Alumni of King's College London
Members of Gray's Inn
20th-century presidents of Cyprus
21st-century presidents of Cyprus
20th-century Cypriot writers
Cypriot people of the EOKA
Cypriot biographers
20th-century Cypriot lawyers
Cypriot political writers
Leaders of political parties in Cyprus
Presidents of the House of Representatives (Cyprus)
20th-century memoirists
People educated at Pancyprian Gymnasium
People from Nicosia
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Democratic Rally politicians
Alice Adams (born November 16, 1930) is an American artist known for their sculpture and site-specific land art in the 1970s and for their major public art projects in transit systems, airports, university campuses and other urban sites throughout the United States since 1986. Them earlier work in tapestry and woven forms was important in the American fiber art movement.
Biography
Adams grew up in Jamaica, New York and in 1953 graduated with a BFA in painting from Columbia University. Following graduation, they went to Aubusson, France to study tapestry weaving and design at L'Ecole Nationale d'Art Decoratif. Except for two years spent in France, Adams has lived in New York City, traveling for collaboration and consultation on public art projects in the United States and abroad. There have been several stages in their eclectic career.
Career
Tapestries and woven forms
After completing their studies in Aubusson, Adams returned to New York in 1956. They brought a tapestry loom from Aubusson to weave their own designs, but their practice began to depart from traditional tapestry technique. Working on what conventionally had been the back of the tapestry, they developed surface articulation and added materials like rope, sisal twine, and found objects to the traditional wool and cotton surface. They and other innovators, like Lenore Tawney, Claire Zeisler and Sheila Hicks, moved weaving off the loom and into the realm of three-dimensional form. Them work was part of the influential "Woven Forms" exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Crafts in 1963.
In 1963 Adams began using tarred rope, chain link fence and steel cable in sculptures that preceded the use of such materials by other artists. They discovered various knotting, looped structures used in sailor's knots and techniques for covering ship's railings, but enlarged the scale and the materials traditionally used. In 1966, Lucy Lippard included three examples of this work in "Eccentric Abstraction," the exhibition they curated at the Fischbach Gallery in New York City. The sculpture in this exhibition ran counter to the minimal "primary structures" of Robert Morris and Sol LeWitt, suggesting more intuitive and idiosyncratic approaches. The show included Louise Bourgeois, Bruce Nauman, Eva Hesse, Frank Viner, Donald Potts, and Gary Kuehn, most of whom were showing in New York for the first time.
Sculpture
Adams' sculptures after 1968 explored the architectural elements of the wall, the corner, the column and the vault. Continuing the use of flexible materials, they painted layers of latex on the old plaster walls of their studio, stripped them off, and then mounted the casts on two-by-four frameworks leaning against the wall. They saw their practice as a way of drawing people into spaces that are initially familiar but that later appear new. They used familiar building materials like wood lath, covering or partially covering frameworks to create free-standing partitions, columns and vaults. This work was shown at the 55 Mercer Gallery and in the Whitney Museum Annuals in 1969 and 1971.
After doing their first outdoor work in 1977 using traditional barn framing techniques, they began to work with large wooden slabs and timbers and laminated wood arches to make sculptures that, though not precisely architectural fragments, suggested larger structures. "...Adams' pieces always hint at something larger. Doorways hint at the wider world, and personal memories grow into collective memories about built places." This architecture related sculpture was shown in 1979 and 1981 at the Hal Bromm Gallery in New York, and in 1984 was part of "An International survey of Painting and Sculpture" at The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Earthworks and site sculpture
Adams' site-specific sculptures of the 1970s provide a link to their later and most recent public art. Several of these employed heavy earth moving equipment and "Shorings" (1978) at the Artpark, Lewiston, New York; "Mound for Viewing Slope and Sky" (1981) at Princeton University; and "Vertical Up for OOIC" (1983) in Omaha, Nebraska; depended upon the shape, weight and placement of the earth. In other works like "Leveling" (1977) and "Three Structures on a Slope" (1978), the structure measured the elevation of the ground on which it stood and earlier references to architecture developed into actual architectural exercises. The "Adams' House" (1977) and the "Lost House" (1979) of this time used the structure and vision of the house as containers of collective and individual memory. The work of women whose work related to the 1970s was organized into the exhibition "Decoys, Complexes and Triggers: Feminism and Land Art in the 1970s" in 2008 at the Sculpture Center in NYC and included Adams, Mary Miss, Nancy Holt, Jackie Ferrara, Alice Aycock, Agnes Denes, Michelle Stuart, Suzanne Harris and Lynda Benglis.
Public art
Adams' site sculptures of the 1970s at venues like the Artpark and the Nassau County Museum of Art were commissioned and funded but, like many similar projects, temporary. Them first permanent public commission, "Small Park with Arches", was fabricated in their studio and installed at the Toledo Botanical Garden in 1984. This work used the vocabulary of wooden beams and laminated arches, and continued a characteristic direction of their earlier work; the creation of places to be inhabited.
In the following years they often introduced new materials and forms into their projects. While Adams employed boat builders to continue the use of wood in "The River", for a Middletown, Connecticut hospital common room, for "African Garden", a schoolyard in East New York, Brooklyn, they combined cast iron bases and laminated wood seats in stools and benches inspired by African furniture. A commission for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey entitled "Glider Park," suspended seating under steel pavilions designed to incorporate the growth of the trees on the site. Subsequently, precast and cast-in-place concrete structures started to appear as well as cast, etched, and fabricated, steel, bronze and aluminum and very often, water and plant material played major roles.
Two large outdoor meeting places on college campuses, The Roundabout in Center City Philadelphia and Scroll Circle at the University of Delaware, create major focal points. Each incorporates water walls, brick or granite paving, cast concrete bluestone-clad seating, plantings and lighting. At The University of Texas at San Antonio an austere conical granite fountain forms the center of the "Healer's Spring" rotunda. In the "Wall of the Tides", water flows over a mosaic while spheres across a stainless steel arch above reflect both the moving water and the passing clouds.
Two of their major works form prominent centerpieces in airport concourses. Giant aluminum arches filled with multi-colored argon lean toward each other in "Beaded Circle Crossing" to span a moving walkway at the Denver International Airport. A diagrammatic aluminum boat frame sits atop one of three large limestone and thick glass-clad planter platforms of the "Stone and Glass Gardens" on two levels of the Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport.
Collaborative work
Adams' commissioned projects as sole designer have been interspersed with collaborative work. Learning the architectural process from concept, through design development and construction documents has informed and often guided their practice. Adams' first design team appointment was in 1985 when they worked for five years with artists and architects to design the stations of the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel. The experience of working with many trades and materials and learning to cope with the complex stages of documentation for major infrastructure projects convinced them that collaboration can lead to an expansion of artistic vision, enlarging the possibilities of ways an artist can affect large public infrastructure programs. Subsequently, they collaborated on the design of the Saint Louis, Missouri, MetroLink (1988–1990); the Ronkonkoma, New York Long Island Railroad Station (1994–1995); and the Montclair State University at Little Falls Station of the New Jersey Transit System (2004). They served as consultant with Jack Mackie and Andrew Darke to the Birmingham, England, Midland Metro Light-Rail System (1992). As co-lead artist they and Marek Ranis wrote the art master plan and collaborated on the design of landscape and infrastructure components of the Charlotte (NC) Area Transit System (2002–2006).
Adams' public sculpture throughout the United States since 1986 was displayed in models and photo documentation in a retrospective at the Lehman College Gallery in 2000.
Works
The Roundabout 1992
African Garden 1994
Beaded Circle Crossing 1994
Stone and Glass Gardens 2003
References
External links
Artwork at Ronkonkoma station, commissioned by MTA Arts for Transit
1930 births
Living people
American contemporary artists
American sculptors
American textile artists
American women sculptors
Columbia University alumni
Land artists
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
20th-century women textile artists
20th-century textile artists
21st-century women textile artists
21st-century textile artists
Karabakh Diary is a feature and documentary collection by Ashot Beglarian about the first Nagorno-Karabakh War. Illustrated by Gagik Siravyan, it was first published in May 2015 by "Tparan" (Moscow) and commissioned for the first collection of Zham magazine's literary series.
The book consists of three parts - the author's field notes, their articles and interviews, and a section on Nagorno-Karabakh. It comprises essays, articles, reports, interviews and sketches written during the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan in 1992–94, as well as reports of special events and problems of the postwar period.
Beglarian, who participated in the defence of Nagorno-Karabakh and was seriously wounded, is a writer and journalist and member of the RA and Nagorno-Karabakh Republic Union of Writers. They were born and now lives in the town of Stepanakert, and is the assistant to President of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic
A recipient of a number of literary prizes and government awards and the author of five collections of novels and short stories, Beglarian's works have been published in different Armenian and foreign literary, public and political journals and press. On 31 May 2015, at the presentation of their book in Moscow, Beglaryan was decorated with a commemorative medal and a certificate of honor by the “Erkrapah” volunteer union of Armenia.
References
Armenian books
Russian books
Bolesław I of Cieszyn (, , ) ( – 6 May 1431) was a Duke of half of Bytom and Siewierz from 1405, Duke of Cieszyn and half of both Głogów and Ścinawa from 1410, and Duke of Toszek and Strzelin during 1410–1414.
They were the second son of Przemysław I Noszak, Duke of Cieszyn by their wife Elisabeth, daughter of Bolesław, Duke of Koźle-Bytom. In the chronicle of Jan Długosz they are named the eldest son, but this is certainly a mistake, because elsewhere, Przemysław of Oświęcim was always placed before Bolesław.
Life
In 1405 Bolesław's father entrusted them with direct rule over Bytom and Siewierz and the government of the Duchy of Cieszyn. A year later (1406), the murder of their brother Przemysław originated a break in relations between Bolesław and their father. Shortly after, Bolesław married Margareta, the sister of John II the Iron, Duke of Racibórz, who was the instigator of Przemysław's death. According to Jan Długosz, their father, Duke Przemysław I Noszak strongly opposed this union, and even threatened to disinherit Bolesław if they maintained contact with the Přemyslid Dukes of Opava and Racibórz. The early death of Margareta shortly after the wedding contributed to the reconciliation between Bolesław and their father, which was formally signed on 7 September 1407.
After their father's death in 1410, Bolesław inherited Cieszyn, Toszek, Strzelin and half of both Głogów and Ścinawa. Also, they were named regent of the Duchy of Oświęcim on behalf of their nephew Casimir, only son of Bolesław's brother.
Bolesław's second marriage in 1412 to Euphemia (called also Ofka), daughter of Duke Siemowit IV of Masovia, was probably suggested by King Władysław II Jagiełło of Poland (Euphemia's maternal uncle), who saw the opportunity to make close bonds between Upper Silesia and Kraków. However, Bolesław and Euphemia were related in the third degree of consanguinity, so a Papal dispensation was needed, which was granted on 27 January 1412. The wedding took place some months later, on 20 November.
Their alliance with Jagiełło quickly brought them results, as in 1414 Bolesław took an active part in the Polish-Teutonic War at the King's side. However, they didn't appear in the Congress of Wrocław in 1420, where King Sigismund of Bohemia (future Holy Roman Emperor), as a mediator between the Teutonic Order and the King of Poland, had issued an unfavorable ruling to the Polish King.
In 1414 Bolesław decided to transfer to their nephew Casimir full government over Oświęcim, Gliwice and Toszek. However, Casimir's ambitions erupted in a conflict between them and Bolesław, which ended two years later, on 11 November 1416, when (following the mediation of Duke Henry IX of Lubin), the Duke of Cieszyn give the town of Strzelin and 300 fines as payment to Casimir. Bolesław retained the rest of their lands.
Although the Duchy of Cieszyn was under the rule of the Kingdom of Bohemia, Bolesław didn't support the House of Luxembourg in its struggle for the Bohemian crown, but maintained good relations with Kraków and the Bohemian townspeople. In 1422, despite the Bohemian-Polish dispute, Bolesław was a guest at the court of King Władysław II Jagiełło, and took part in the coronation of their wife, Queen Sophia of Halshany.
During the last years of their reign, Bolesław supported Bohemian side during the Hussite Wars, but didn't participate in the war itself.
In internal politics, they supported the development of the towns. They ceded several rights to some towns, for example Bytom (where in 1412 they give the right to inheritance to the burgers), Frýdek and Bielsko. This was also partly motivated by the lack of money in the duchies' budget.
Bolesław died on 6 May 1431 and was buried in the Dominican church in Cieszyn.
Marriages and Issue
On 1 January 1406, Bolesław married firstly Margareta (b. 1380 – d. bef. 7 September 1407), daughter of Duke John I of Opava-Ratibor. They had no children.
On 20 November 1412, Bolesław married secondly Euphemia (Ofka) (b. 1395/98 – d. bef. 17 September 1447), daughter of Duke Siemowit IV of Masovia. They had five children:
Alexandra (b. ca. 1412 – d. aft. 6 October 1463), married to László Garai, Palatine and Ban of Macsó.
Wenceslaus I (b. 1413/18 – d. 1474).
Władysław (b. ca. 1420 – d. 14 February 1460).
Przemysław II (b. 1422/25 – d. 18 March 1477).
Bolesław II (b. ca. 1425/28 – d. 4 October 1452).
Ancestry
References
Genealogical database by Herbert Stoyan
Genealogy of the Dukes of Cieszyn
|-
|-
|-
|-
1360s births
1431 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
Year of birth uncertain
5Action (stylised as 5ACTION, formerly known as Paramount Network) is a British free-to-air television channel owned by Channel 5 Broadcasting Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Paramount Global, which is grouped under Paramount Networks UK & Australia division. 5Action features a range of programming from the Channel 5 stable as well as other content from the UK and US, focusing on action, crime and wrestling.
History
5Action's programming and Freeview channel slot dates back to the days of Viacom's male-skewing channel Spike, which was launched on 15 April 2015 as a localised version of the American cable channel of the same name (now known in America as the movie channel Paramount Network). When Spike was launched it took the channel number (then channel 31) from Viacom's music and comedy channel Viva, but was operated under the auspices of Channel 5's programming director Ben Frow. It primarily aired entertainment programmes, including action and drama series, police documentaries, and programming from its U.S. counterpart, as well as mixed martial arts.
On 31 October 2017, the channel became 5Spike after Viacom decided the channel should be more closely associated with its sister channels and the Channel 5 brand. By now the channel slot had moved down one slot to number 32 due to a Freeview reshuffle, with the same kind of programming found on this channel number for the next five years. On 7 January 2020, the brand was discontinued in line with Viacom's global company policy, with the channel taking on the name of its sister channel, Paramount Network, and with no major change to its channel placement or programming.
On 19 January 2022, the channel was once again aligned to parent company Channel 5 when it got its second rebrand. It was rebranded again as 5Action, largely due to the Paramount name being used for the streaming service Paramount+ and as ViacomCBS had plans at the time to change the main American Paramount Network into a movie channel. On 26 January 2022, 5Action was moved to a new Freeview number (channel 33) due to the relaunch of BBC Three on channel 23, meaning that all of the channels below had to be moved down one slot before the BBC channel started broadcasting again on 1 February 2022.
Current programming (5Action only)
Treadstone
Current programming (formerly on Paramount Network and/or 5Spike)
Airport 24/7: Thailand
Car Crash TV
Caught on Camera (episodes might be billed as Criminals: Caught on Camera or Seconds from Death: Caught on Camera)
Entertainment News on 5
Fights, Camera, Action
Idiot TV
NXT UK Highlights
Police Interceptors (some episodes known as Ultimate Police Interceptors)
Police Raids: Caught by Surprise
Traffic Cops
Trucking Hell
WWE Raw Highlights
WWE SmackDown Highlights
Paramount Network
Viacom (ViacomCBS/Channel 5) operated two distinct versions of the free-to-air Paramount Network on Freeview (with the original pay-tv Paramount Channel becoming Comedy Central in 2009). The first version of the Freeview channel was launched on 4 July 2018 as a sister channel to 5Spike, and with a high-definition feed exclusively on Virgin Media from 21 July 2018. It ceased to be available via satellite in Ireland on 13 July 2018 having supposedly been made available by mistake, even though the channel had been promoted to Irish viewers before launch (however, the channel could still be accessed on Sky in Ireland by adding it manually via the 'Other Channels' menu option).
On 7 January 2020, Paramount Network was merged with 5Spike in its slots on Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media, got its new branding, and subsumed its +1 timeshift channel on Sky. The timeshift channel ceased broadcasting on 14 July 2020.
Paramount Network rebranded as 5Action on 19 January 2022 in preparation for Paramount+ launching in the UK.
Programming
The original British version of Paramount Network was as a general entertainment channel showing American movies and series such as Suits and Lip Sync Battle. In 2020, Channel 5 merged this channel with that of 5Spike, with Paramount Network becoming more of a male-skewing channel, following the lead of the original American Spike TV, which targeted a young adult male audience, becoming Paramount Network in the United States.
This second version of Paramount Network had a schedule very much in keeping with that of 5Spike, with action movies at night, westerns at lunch and programmes such as Police Interceptors and Traffic Cops running episodes back-to-back early evening. When the channel got its second rebrand in early 2022, again no major changes were made to the schedule yet on Freeview channel 32 apart from the Jason Bourne spin-off Treadstone debuting on the channel.
Former programming (Paramount Network)
Original version
Access
Aftermath
American Horror Story
Arrow
Cruise TV by LoveitBookit
Channel Zero
Designated Survivor
Empire
Gilmore Girls
Grimm
Heroes Reborn
Home and Away
House
Impractical Jokers US
LA to Vegas
Lip Sync Battle US
Life in Pieces
Neighbours
Six
Sleepy Hollow
Suits
Teen Wolf
The Mick
The Office US
The Strain
Vikings
When Calls the Heart
Will & Grace
Wynonna Earp
The X-Files
Second version (formally 5Spike)
Programmes broadcast on the male-skewing version included...
Access
Airwolf (now broadcast on ViacomCBS/AMC's Legend channel)
The A-Team
Can't Pay? We'll Take It Away
Caught on Camera (episodes might be billed as Criminals: Caught on Camera or Seconds from Death: Caught on Camera)
Gangland
Fights, Camera, Action
The Gadget Show
Knight Rider
Michael McIntyre's Big Show (this format was produced by Sky Vision, and was originally broadcast on BBC One)
NXT UK Highlights
Police Interceptors (some episodes known as Ultimate Police Interceptors)
Police Raids: Caught by Surprise
Raw Recruits: Squaddies at 16
Sewermen
Street Hawk
Tsunami (with Dr Xand van Tulleken and Raksha Dave)
Traffic Cops
Trucking Hell
WWE Raw Highlights
WWE SmackDown Highlights
The X-Files
Yellowstone
References
External links
at Channel5.com
2018 establishments in the United Kingdom
Channel 5 (British TV channel)
Television channels and stations established in 2018
Television channels in the United Kingdom
CHIP Holding GmbH is a German-based publishing house owned by Hubert Burda Media. Its core activity is the publication of special-interest, country- and language-specific print and online media in the information and communication technology sector. 15 countries with over 50 publications (including CHIP magazine as well as other computer game magazines and business-to-business journals) are covered throughout Europe and Asia. CHIP Communications GmbH (formerly Vogel Burda Communications) is a 100 percent subsidiary of CHIP Holding.
History
2000
The Vogel Burda Group founded as a joint venture media company in September, 2000 by two of Germany's leading publishers, the Vogel Media Group and Hubert Burda Media.
Under the joint holding company, CHIP-Holding GmbH (later known as Vogel Burda Holding GmbH, Munich, Germany) in which both parties have a 50% share, there was a company for print media, Vogel Burda Communication GmbH. Here Vogel is responsible for publishing management from formerly Vogel Computer Press Munich. Burda appointed a director of finance (CFO). Within the joint company all Vogel Computer Press' print media to-date, as well as the Vogel Media Group's international computer publishing companies in the Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Romania, Italy, Turkey, China, Malaysia and Singapore are combined, including co-operations with the license partners in India, Indonesia, the Ukraine and Greece.
CHIP Online GmbH — also a component of the new alliance — converted into a stock-exchange-listed company. CHIP Online developed into the leading German-language computer portal with extension to a widely recognised e-commerce platform. In 2002 CHIP Xonio Online GmbH was created from the merger of CHIP Online International and Xonio GmbH. As of 2002, the company operates and markets the Chip Online computer portal (www.chip.de), Download.de download portal (www.download.de, later merged with CHIP Online) and the Xonio mobile communications portal (www.xonio.com).
All Vogel Computer Medias employees are being transferred to the new joint company.
2008
On October 8, 2007 Hubert Burda Media announced the acquisition of remaining parts of CHIP and CHIP Xonio from the Vogel Medien company. Two months later it was announced about reorganization of Vogel Burda Holding with a changing the management structure. On 1 January 2008 Vogel Burda Holding renamed to CHIP Holding. The holding itself divides into CHIP Communications GmbH (formerly Vogel Burda Communications) and CHIP XONIO Online GmbH'''.
The current CHIP Communications portfolio comprises renowned and successful mediums such as CHIP, CHIP FOTO-VIDEO digital and CHIP Test & Kauf. This also includes websites, line extensions, books, specials and DVDs. Through the website ZEHN.DE the publishing house has expanded its editorial spectrum.
The CHIP Xonio Online operates and markets the computer portal CHIP Online and the mobile portal Xonio (www.xonio.com).
2013
In October 2013 the company name CHIP Xonio Online GmbH was changed to CHIP Digital GmbH'' as the Xonio brand was already defunct for a while because the Xonio portal had been integrated into CHIP Online back in 2009.
References
External links
Archived copy of Vogel Burda Group homepage from 2 February 2006 using the Wayback Machine
Magazine publishing companies of Germany
Ostrovul Ciocănești (Romanian) or Остров Ветрен (Bulgarian) is an island in the Danube four miles south of Ciocănești, Călărași County, Romania. It is the subject of a territorial dispute between Bulgaria and Romania.
References
Geography of Călărași County
Islands of the Danube
Disputed islands
The Senate Intelligence Committee report on Russian interference in the 2016 United States presidential election, officially titled Report of the Select Committee on Intelligence United States Senate on Russian Active Measures Campaigns and Interference in the 2016 U.S. Election, is the official report in five volumes documenting the findings and conclusions of the United States Senate Intelligence Committee concerning the Russian attack efforts against election infrastructure, Russia's use of social media to affect the election, the U.S. government's response to Russian activities, review of the Intelligence Community Assessment, and counterintelligence threats and vulnerabilities. The redacted report is 1,313 pages long. It is divided into five volumes.
The first volume of the report was released on July 25, 2019, and the fifth and last volume was released to the public on August, 18, 2020. The Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation extended more than three years, includes interviews of more than 200 witnesses, and reviews more than one million documents. Marco Rubio, acting committee head, said that "no probe into this matter has been more exhaustive.” On the stature of the report, the Senate Intelligence Committee said the report is "the most comprehensive description to date of Russia's activities and the threat they posed".
The Republican-led Senate Intelligence Committee submitted the first part of its five-volume report in July 2019 in which it concluded that the January 2017 intelligence community assessment alleging Russian interference was "coherent and well-constructed". The first volume also concluded that the assessment was "proper", learning from analysts that there was "no politically motivated pressure to reach specific conclusions". The final and fifth volume, which was the result of three years of investigations, was released on August 18, 2020, ending one of the United States "highest-profile congressional inquiries." The Committee report found that the Russian government had engaged in an "extensive campaign" to sabotage the election in favor of Donald Trump, which included assistance from some members of Trump's own advisers.
Like the Mueller report that preceded it, the report does not find a criminal conspiracy between Russia and the Trump campaign, but it does go further than the Mueller report in detailing the ties found between Trump campaign members and Russian individuals. In particular, it describes Paul Manafort as "a grave counterintelligence threat". According to the report, "some evidence suggests" that Konstantin Kilimnik, to whom Manafort provided polling data, was directly connected to the Russian theft of Clinton-campaign emails. In addition, while Trump's written testimony in the Mueller report stated that they did not recall speaking with Roger Stone about WikiLeaks, the Senate report concludes that "Trump did, in fact, speak with Stone about WikiLeaks and with members of their Campaign about Stone's access to WikiLeaks on multiple occasions".
Contents
The report was completely released on August 18, 2020, when the fifth volume was released. Much of the report is redacted, shown as .
Volume I: Russian Efforts Against Election Infrastructure
Volume I of the report is 67 pages long. In it, the committee describes "an unprecedented level of activity against state election infrastructure" by Russian intelligence in 2016. The activity occurred in "all 50 states" and is thought by "many officials and experts" to have been "a trial run ... to probe American defenses and identify weaknesses in the vast back-end apparatus—voter-registration operations, state and local election databases, electronic poll books and other equipment" of state election systems. The report warned that the United States "remains vulnerable" in the 2020 election.
Of "particular concern" to the committee report was the Russians' hacking of three companies "that provide states with the back-end systems that have increasingly replaced the thick binders of paper used to verify voters' identities and registration status."
Volume II: Russia's Use of Social Media
Volume II of the report is 85 pages long.
Volume III: U.S. Government Response to Russian Activities
Volume III of the report is 54 pages long.
Volume IV: Review of the Intelligence Community Assessment
Volume IV of the report is 158 pages long.
Volume V: Counterintelligence Threats and Vulnerabilities
Volume V of the report, with 966 pages, was released to the public on August 18, 2020, albeit heavily redacted. The report concluded that "the Russian government engaged in an aggressive, multi-faceted effort to influence, or attempt to influence, the outcome of the 2016 presidential election". The report investigated "many aspects of the counterintelligence threat posed by the Russian influence operation", which targeted both the Trump campaign and the election.
Findings on the hack and leak of Democratic Party material
The Senate Intelligence Committee concluded that Russian president Vladimir Putin had ordered the 2016 Democratic National Committee cyberattacks and the subsequent leaks of stolen material damaging to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
The committee described that Trump's presidential campaign "sought to maximize the impact of those leaks to aid Trump's electoral prospects". The Trump campaign "created messaging strategies to promote and share" the material, and "encouraged further leaks". The Trump campaign tasked Trump associate Roger Stone to gather information about WikiLeaks' release of the material; Stone reported to Trump or senior campaign members.
Findings on Paul Manafort and Konstantin Kilimnik
The Senate Intelligence Committee assessed that Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort's "high-level access and willingness to share information with individuals closely affiliated with the Russian intelligence services" was a "grave counterintelligence threat". The foremost individual was Manafort's employee Konstantin Kilimnik, a Russian. The committee identified Kilimnik as a "Russian intelligence officer"; describing that Manafort and Kilimnik had a "close and lasting relationship" even through the 2016 election. Manafort repeatedly tried to "secretly share internal Campaign information with Kilimnik", including "sensitive internal polling data or Campaign strategy".
The Senate Intelligence Committee introduced a new allegation regarding Kilimnik, that they "may have been connected" to the Russian military intelligence's hack and leak of Democratic Party material. However, the report's discussions on this topic are redacted. Manafort's connection with the Russian hack and leak operation is "largely unknown", but possible, given "two pieces of information" the committee found; the details of such information were also redacted.
Findings on the Transition
The report in the Transition section of the report, mentions that "Russia took advantage of members of the Transition Team's relative inexperience in government, opposition to Obama Administration policies, and Trump's desire to deepen ties with Russia to pursue unofficial channels through which Russia could conduct diplomacy."
Background on Page and Limitations on the Committee's Investigation
Inspector General of the Department of Justice found serious FBI errors applying for surveillance on Carter Page, a former Trump campaign aide, while concluding that Page's travels in Russia and their past connections with Russian intelligence officers justified the FBI's concern. Despite Page producing electronic documents and sitting for an interview that lasted six and a half hours, "The Committee had significant challenges in its attempt to understand Page's activities, including their role as a foreign policy adviser to the Trump Campaign."
The Steele Dossier: Its Origins and Handling
The report notes that the Steele dossier, a private intelligence report written by Christopher Steele, alleging a "well-developed conspiracy of co-operation" between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, "found that the tradecraft reflected in the dossier is generally poor relative to IC standards; the Department of Justice (DOJ) Office of the Inspector General (OIG) and many who the Committee spoke with at the FBI also found serious fault with Steele's tradecraft."
Additional Views of Senators Risch, Rubio, Blunt, Cotton, Cornyn, and Sasse
Certain Republican members stated their finding:
"The committee found no evidence that then-candidate Donald Trump or their campaign colluded with the Russian government in its efforts to meddle in the election."
Additional Views of Senators Heinrich, Feinstein, Wyden, Harris, and Bennet
Under a section entitled "The Trump Campaign's Cooperation with Russia", certain Democratic Senators stated their conclusion:
"It is our conclusion, based on the facts detailed in the Committee's Report, that the Russian intelligence services' assault on the integrity of the 2016 U.S. electoral process[,] and Trump and their associates' participation in and enabling of this Russian activity, represents one of the single most grave counterintelligence threats to American national security in the modern era."
Reactions
President Donald Trump
President Donald Trump, when asked about the report on August 18, 2020, said they "didn't read it".
Democrats
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer responded to the fifth volume release by saying "Despite nearly four years of repeated warnings from America's national security officials, President Trump has failed to protect America's elections and even opened the door for Vladimir Putin to again attack our country in the same insidious way."
Russia
Russian state news service TASS responded to the release of the fifth volume on August 18, citing a statement by Dmitry Peskov, a spokesperson for Russian president Vladimir Putin, saying "The Kremlin regrets that as the U.S. presidential elections in November 2020 approach, more and more reports of alleged attempts by Russia to interfere in the electoral process will appear," such statements "have nothing to do with the truth."
See also
Mueller report (Report on the Investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election)
Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections
Second Cold War
Notes
References
External links
“Volume I: Russian Efforts Against Election Infrastructure”
“Volume II: Russia's Use of Social Media”
“Volume III: U.S. Government Response to Russian Activities”
"Volume IV: Review of the Intelligence Community Assessment”
Additional declassifications of “Volume IV: Review of Intelligence Community Assessment”
"Volume V: Counterintelligence Threats and Vulnerabilities"
116th United States Congress
2020 in American politics
2020 documents
Electoral fraud in the United States
Foreign electoral intervention
Investigations and assessments of WikiLeaks
Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections
United States documents
Ferreira Louis Marius Amorim de Moraes, (born March 13, 1953, in Santos, São Paulo, Brazil) is a modern Brazilian painter and supporter of naïve art. They began their artistic career in 1979 and currently lives and works in Peruíbe, São Paulo, Brazil.
Life and career
The works of Ferreira depict the images of paradise of Atlantic Forest, its birds, its fountains and its natives. Their work looks forward to showing the truth revealed every day in this region, more precisely at the Juréia-Itatins Ecological Station. Since young, in addition to painting, also attracted interest in music, influenced by the grandfather who was a conductor and pianist. Their mother was also pianist and encouraged them to be interested in art.
Ferreira, who lived part of their childhood with the grandparents, played with the leftovers of canvases and paints which their grandmother, who was painting on porcelain and created small works of painting, offered him. When a teenager, lived with their parents in São Vicente - coast of São Paulo - and liked to attend a town of fishermen in the region, called Guamium. Spent much of the time in this community, and with the fishermen, many of them caiçaras, learned to make pirogues, entanglement, canoes and kept learning their fishing techniques, eventually becoming a professional fisherman.
While pleased with such activities and earned a living this way, Ferreira has never stopped drawing. Scribbled and painted scenes from daily life, of landscapes of the seashore, of bars, boats and ports, using what was at hand, coal, crayons, colored pencil or ink leftovers from painting the boats.
Later, when the fishing became impossible because of environmental degradation, started to work at the port of Santos, and it was there that they realized that the tourists were interested in their painting style, and then started to paint and sell small canvases with acrylic ink. The beginning was difficult, but still, they realized it could improve, expand their horizons and live of the sale of their artwork.
Between 1989 and 1990, had already sold their works in the Republic Square in São Paulo, the traditional art fair in that city. In the 1990s began to exhibit their work in the gallery Jacques Ardie in São Paulo. The recognition was immediate. They sold all work in their 1st exhibition individual and started to export to France and the United States. Their work began to have great international acceptance and, since that, has made worldwide exhibitions and their canvases figure museums and private collections in several countries.
Ferreira puts in the canvases their experience, which their work reveals to be very personal and internalized. They interpret the reality in which they worked and the universe where they live, with extreme visual sincerity. Their style is marked with bright colors, a lot of imagination and the power of synthesis. This brings to their work lots of acceptance in the USA and in France, also in Israel, Canada, Spain, Switzerland, Mexico, and Japan. Ferreira develops a naïve line based on intuition, which rose up naturally and stays in constant technical improvement, with current interest in the Dutch masters.
Above all, Ferreira's art has an aesthetic concern. It doesn't surrender to individual preferences of the observer, but looks for the best way to express their inner world through a professional attitude concerning the arts. This means an intense and serious action against accommodation. The ways of maturation of their personal style include a visionary attitude. Ferreira has never quit researching, about topics as well as technique, in order to unite the power of intuition with an aesthetical research about Jureia's universe. The painter is not limited to repeating formulas, even if they appear to work.
One of the fascinations of being an autodidact is precisely in the power of not following any certain school. Their production becomes more and more sophisticated by the commitment of making better works, developing variations according to their own capacity of working elements like color and composition.
The fidelity to individualism of own ideas and the commitment to construct an increasingly cohesive plastic work, without losing the lyricism and a distinguished poetic, ensure Ferreira's position as an authentically naïve artist. The compositions with mountains, forests and rivers or inlets establish a plastic balance, in terms of formal elements and, above all, philosophical, since Ferreira's canvases don't transmit disquiet. They are a manifestation of serenity in the troubled universe of the 21st century.
To gallerist Munira Calluf, owner of "Um Lugar ao Sol" Gallery of Arts, Ferreira is maybe today's most outstanding naïve name in Brazil.
Exhibitions and awards
Solo Exhibitions
1979 São Vicente Yacht Club, São Paulo
1980 Secretary of Culture of São Joao da Boa Vista, São Paulo
1991 Medical Association of Santos, São Paulo
1994 Jacques Ardies Gallery, São Paulo
1997 Jacques Ardies Gallery, São Paulo
2004 Jacques Ardies Gallery, São Paulo
2006 Galerie Jacqueline Bricard, Lourmarin, France
2007 Um Lugar ao Sol Art Gallery, Curitiba, Parana, Brazil
.
Prizes
1980 Honorable Mention, Expofarps, University of Art of Santos, São Paulo - Brazil
1991 1st Place, Folklore Art Group, Town Council of Santos, São Paulo - Brazil
1997 first place prize of the jury - Chapel Art Show – São Paulo - Brazil
First place in the popular vote - Chapel Art Show – São Paulo - Brazil
External links
Gallery of International Naïve Art - Tel Aviv - Israel
Gallery of International Naïve Art (gina), New York
Galeria de Arte "Um Lugar ao Sol" - Curitiba - Brazil
References
1953 births
Living people
People from Santos, São Paulo
Naïve painters
Contemporary painters
Brazilian painters
Casein kinase II subunit beta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CSNK2B gene.
This gene encodes the beta subunit of casein kinase II, a ubiquitous protein kinase which regulates metabolic pathways, signal transduction, transcription, translation, and replication. The enzyme localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus.
Casein kinase, a ubiquitous, well-conserved protein kinase involved in cell metabolism and differentiation, is characterised by its preference for Serine or Threonine in acidic stretches of amino acids. The enzyme is a tetramer of 2 alpha- and 2 beta-subunits. However, some species (e.g., mammals) possess 2 related forms of the alpha-subunit (alpha and alpha'), while others (e.g., fungi) possess 2 related beta-subunits (beta and beta'). The alpha-subunit is the catalytic unit and contains regions characteristic of serine/threonine protein kinases. The beta-subunit is believed to be regulatory, possessing an N-terminal auto-phosphorylation site, an internal acidic domain, and a potential metal-binding motif. The beta subunit is a highly conserved protein of about 25kDa that contains, in its central section, a cysteine-rich motif, CX(n)C, that could be involved in binding a metal such as zinc. The mammalian beta-subunit gene promoter shares common features with those of other mammalian protein kinases and is closely related to the promoter of the regulatory subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase.
Interactions
CSNK2B has been shown to interact with CD163, CSNK2A2, Casein kinase 2, alpha 1, FGF1, TRIB3, CDC34, Ribosomal protein L5, BTF3, BRCA1, RNF7, P70-S6 Kinase 1 and APC.
References
External links
PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Casein kinase II subunit beta (CSNK2B)
Further reading
Protein domains
Vertigo Cliffs () is a spectacular, near vertical cliffs on the north coast of Vega Island. The cliffs rise to about 200 m and extend west for 7 nautical miles (13 km) from Cape Well-met, broken by a cirque near the west end. They were named allusively by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1987.
Cliffs of the James Ross Island group
South Korea competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Medalists
Archery
Men
|-
|align=left|Ouk Soo Lee
|align=left|Men's individual compound open
|647
|14
|L 3-7
|colspan=5|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Jung Young Joo
|align=left rowspan=3|Men's individual recurve W1/W2
|607
|6
|
|W 6-2
|L 4-6
|colspan=3|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Lee Myeong-Gu
|610
|5
|
|W 6-0
|L 4-6
|colspan=3|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|You In Sik
|581
|14
|L 2-6
|colspan=5|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Jung Young Joo Kim Suk Ho Lee Myeong-Gu
|align=left|Men's team recurve
|1811
|5
|colspan=2
|W 195-192
|W 197-190
|L 200-206
|
|}
Women
|-
|align=left|Ko Hee Sook
|align=left|Women's individual recurve W1/W2
|548
|5
|
|L 2-6
|colspan=4|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Lee Hwa Sook
|align=left rowspan=2|Women's individual recurve standing
|555
|4
|
|W 6-0
|W 6-4
|W 7-3
|L 4-6
|
|-
|align=left|Kim Ran Sook
|536
|7
|
|L 4-6
|colspan=4|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Kim Ran Sook Ko Hee Sook Lee Hwa Sook
|align=left|Women's team recurve
|1639
|3
|colspan=2
|W 188-153
|W 192-186
|W 199-193
|
|}
Athletics
Men's track
Women's track
Women's field
Boccia
Pairs and team events
Cycling
Road cycling
Track cycling
Goalball
South Korea qualified a men's team of six players.
Men's tournament
Group B
Judo
Powerlifting
Men
Women
Rowing
Shooting
Men
Women
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Women
Teams
Wheelchair Fencing
Wheelchair Tennis
Men
Women
See also
South Korea at the Paralympics
South Korea at the 2012 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
2012
Summer Paralympics
Pedro Serrano may refer to:
Pedro Serrano (sailor), supposedly marooned in the Americas during the 16th century
Pedro Serrano (police officer), fought against a quota system in the New York City Police Department
Pedro Serrano (weightlifter) (born 1931), Puerto Rican Olympic weightlifter
Pedro Julio Serrano (born 1974), human rights activist
The Réunion olive white-eye (Zosterops olivaceus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is found on Réunion. Its natural habitats are boreal forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the Reunion olive white-eye in their Ornithologie based on a specimen that had been brought to Paris from Île Bourbon (now Réunion), but which Brisson mistakenly believed had been collected in Madagascar. They used the French name Le grimpereau olive de Madagascar and the Latin Certhia Madagascariensis Olivaceus. Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature. When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated their Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, they added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson. One of these was the Reunion olive white-eye. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Certhia olivacea and cited Brisson's work. They followed Brisson and gave the type location as Madagascar instead of Réunion. This species is now placed in the genus Zosterops that was introduced by the naturalists Nicholas Vigors and Thomas Horsfield in 1827. There are no recognised subspecies.
References
Birds described in 1766
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Birds of Réunion
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jehanabad railway station, station code JHD, is the railway station serving the city of Jehanabad in the Jehanabad district in the Indian state of Bihar. The Jehanabad railway station is well connected to Patna, Gaya, Ranchi and Bokaro by the railway network.
Jehanabad lies in between Patna–Gaya line which is one of the busiest rail route in India. Jehanabad has trains running frequently to Patna and Ranchi. The city is a major railway hub and has four stations Jehanabad railway station, Jehanabad Court, Makhdumpur–Gaya and Tehta. Jehanabad is well connected with Gaya, Patna, Biharsharif, Rajgir, Islampur and Jhajha through daily passenger and express train services.
Facilities
The major facilities available are waiting rooms, retiring room, computerised reservation facility, reservation counter, vehicle parking etc. The vehicles are allowed to enter the station premises. There are refreshment rooms vegetarian and non-vegetarian, tea stall, book stall, post and telegraphic office and Government Railway Police (GRP) office.
Platforms
There are 3 platforms at Jehanabad railway station. The platforms are interconnected with foot overbridge (FOB).
References
Danapur railway division
Jehanabad
Railway stations in Jehanabad district
Railway stations opened in 1905
1905 establishments in India
Erick Odali Paniagua Japa (born 6 April 1999), known as Erick Japa, is a Dominican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ecuadorian Serie B club CD Independiente Juniors and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Japa made their debut for the Dominican Republic on 22 March 2018, being a second half substitute in a 4–0 friendly win against the Turks and Caicos Islands.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Liga Panameña de Fútbol players
Dominican Republic international footballers
Dominican Republic under-20 international footballers
Dominican Republic expatriate footballers
Dominican Republic expatriate sportspeople in Panama
Expatriate footballers in Panama
CA San Cristóbal players
Apenorto Festival (also known as Afenortoza) is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Mepe Traditional Area in the North Tongu District of the Volta Region of Ghana. It's one of the biggest festivals in Ghana. It's usually celebrated throughout the month of August It is usually celebrated in the month of August. Afenorto in the Ewe language means Staying at Home.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is a durbar of chiefs. The people wear regalia for merry making.
Significance
The festival is a period where stocks of their lives from the previous year are taken. There is also initiation of development plans for the future. Young men also meet their future spouses during the festival.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Lawrence Richard Hardy (born 1913) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside right.
Career
Born in South Bank, Hardy played for South Bank East End, Hartlepools United, Bradford City and Shrewsbury Town.
For Bradford City they made 12 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1913 births
Year of death missing
English footballers
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football inside forwards
This is a list of units in the New Zealand Cadet Corps.
Each unit is led and managed by the Cadet Unit Commander, and their officers and staff.
There are currently 33 New Zealand Cadet Corps units in New Zealand.
Former Units
Former School Cadet Units
See also
New Zealand Cadet Corps
New Zealand Cadet Forces
References
Cadet Corps
New Zealand Cadet Corps
Cadet Corps units
The former General Hospital situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1896 by the Germans and designed by the architect Henri Drees.
History
Designed by the German architect Henri Drees, this hospital was built in 1896 following Dr Albert Plehn's initiative. It was created to take care of Europeans patients only, since it was based on the colonialist ideology of that time which was highly segregationist.
It was first named "Nachtigal Hospital", on behalf of the roving Consul Nachtigal. Doctor Gustav Nachtigal was in charge of representing Emperor of Germany William I and the Chancellor Bismarck all over the gulf of Guinea. They made legal the 1884 treaties signed with the kings of Douala, instituting German Protectorate on the territory. They supplanted The late consul, nickname given to the British Consul Hewett, still retained in their official duties in Fernando Poo (now Malabo), who got to Cameroon Town too late to negotiate a British establishment in this city. Finally, Nachtigal's remarkable career ended with the official installation of Julius von Soden as the first German Governor, from 1885 to 1891, long before the construction of the hospital.
The French author Louis-Ferdinand Céline, arrived in 1916 in a still German-speaking town, depicted their short stay in this hospital in a memorable extract from their novel Voyage au bout de la nuit.
This building, amazingly gorgeous at that time, was extended twice its size under the French Mandate in 1930. This same year, the French administration built "Hôpital Laquintinie" for the natives, in the same spirit as during the German Freie Zone, a one-kilometer unoccupied zone, conceived to separate Europeans from the natives.
Renamed Hôpital Général when Independence took place, this building includes today the Police department and the Littoral Delegation of Culture.
In 2006 the building is highlighted by an urban sign produced by doual'art and designed by Sandrine Dole; the sign presents an historical image of the building and a description of its history.
See also
Kamerun
References
Further reading
Former general Hospital of Douala in Douala Ville d'art et d'histoire, doual'art, Douala, 2006.
External links
Buildings and structures in Douala
Patrick Pervez Augustine is an Anglican Missionary Bishop of the Diocese of Bor in the Episcopal Church of South Sudan.
A native of Pakistan, Augustine served as rector of St. Thomas Church, Islamabad. They moved to the U.S. and was rector of Christ Episcopal Church in La Crosse, Wisconsin for 16 years. They also served as Canon and Commissary in the U.S. to the Anglican Archbishop of Sudan. In 2008 they earned Doctor of Ministry from Virginia Theological Seminary, Alexandria, Virginia.
In 2012, Augustine was awarded the Cross of St Augustine by Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury, "in recognition of their contribution at national and international level to the promotion of evangelism, ecumenism, and the free exercise of faith."
In 2013 they were awarded Doctor of Divinity by Nashotah House Seminary, Wisconsin. In 2015 Virginia Theological Seminary conferred on them Doctor of Divinity. In July 2018 at the General Convention of Episcopal Church the Episcopal Peace Fellowship awarded them The John Nevin Sayer Award.
References
South Sudanese Anglican bishops
Living people
Recipients of the Cross of St Augustine
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from La Crosse, Wisconsin
Pakistani Anglicans
Anglican missionaries in South Sudan
Anglican bishops of Bor
The United States Penitentiary, Victorville, CA (USP Victorville) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. It is part of the Victorville Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Victorville) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.
FCC Victorville is located on land that was formerly part of George Air Force Base, located within the city limits, northwest of central Victorville, California, and is approximately northeast of Los Angeles.
History
USP Victorville, opened on October 21, 2004 as a high-security prison which cost $101.4 million. It was constructed by Hensel Phelps Construction Company of Irvine, California and the Crosby Group Design Firm of Redwood City, California. The security systems were designed by Buford Goff and Associates of Columbia, South Carolina.
Facility
USP Victorville is and is designed to house 960 male inmates in six housing units. Six V-shaped buildings (units 1–3 on east side, units 4–6 on west side) facing each other and a larger maintenance building surround a central yard with a tower in the middle. Six additional towers are lined along the rectangular-shaped facility. The facility is surrounded by a lethal electrical double fence, a brickstone wall on its northern side and a view protection fence on its western side. Cells are approximately in size equipped with a bunkbed, a stainless steel sink-toilet combination and a small table with a non-removable stool. Cells are usually occupied by two inmates and are air-conditioned. The administrative and disciplinary unit (SHU) can hold 238 inmates. Cells in the disciplinary unit have showers and are occupied by three inmates when overcrowding occurs (one inmate is forced to sleep on the floor in such cases).
Inmate life
Prisoners have access to the text-based e-mail program known as TRULINCS (Trust Fund Limited Inmate Communication System). Prisoners are allowed only 13,000 characters per e-mail, and attachments cannot be sent, received, or viewed. Inmates are not allowed to retain more than two newspapers, 10 magazines and 25 letters in their cells. They are allowed to place phone calls to up to 30 approved numbers. Phone calls are restricted to 15 minutes per call and five hours per month. Inmates pay for their phone calls through their trust accounts. Inmates can buy additional food, hygiene articles and clothes from commissary for a maximum of $290 a month.
Inmates are counted 5 to 6 times a day at 12:01 a.m., 3:00 a.m., 5:00 a.m., 4:00 p.m. (stand-up count), 10:00 p.m. and 10:00 a.m. (on weekends and holidays). Initial work movements start at 4:30 a.m. and inmates must be up at 7:30 a.m. All inmates must be back to their cells at 10:00 p.m.
Notable incidents
On April 11, 2005, USP Victorville inmate Scott Fischer (who used several aliases including Peter Steven Scopazzi, the name on their prison death certificate) was fatally slashed by another inmate, reportedly over a dispute regarding less than $10.00 worth of tobacco.
USP Victorville inmate Tony Richard Padilla died at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center on August 12, 2006, from injuries sustained during a fight with another inmate.
On the afternoon of May 13, 2009, several inmates at USP Victorville attacked inmate Gregory Francis Ritter of Waikiki, Hawaii, who was serving a 33-month sentence for drug and weapons possession, according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department. Ritter was transported to a local hospital by ambulance and later flown to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in critical condition. Ritter died of their injuries at 7:13 p.m.
On October 1, 2013, inmate Javier Sanders was found beaten to death in their cell. Sanders was serving a 10-year sentence for federal drug crimes. Fifty-three-year-old David Snow, the former president of the Aryan Brotherhood of Ohio, was found beaten to death on November 13, 2013 (Snow had been convicted in 2005 of possession of a firearm and 50 tablets of oxycodone and had been sentenced to 180 months' confinement.). The next day, 40-year-old David Serra was found dead in what was determined to be a suicide. Serra had been at the prison for only five months, and was serving a 30-year sentence for second-degree murder and deadly use of a firearm.
On June 21, 2014, two inmates were found dead in the prison. The deaths were quickly ruled homicides, and the victims were later identified as 24-year-old Brian Kountz and 49-year-old Robert Howard Ferguson. In 2013, Kountz had been sentenced in Wyoming to 80 months in prison for an armed robbery. Ferguson had been sentenced the same year in Las Vegas, Nevada, to 80 months in prison for being a felon in possession of a firearm. Three days later, news outlets reported that 48-year-old Daniel Casto (60992-065) of Sweet Home, Oregon, had been identified as a suspect and placed in a restricted housing unit within USP Victorville. Casto is currently being held at the United States Penitentiary, Florence ADX, a high-security federal prison in Colorado, with a release date in 2031.
Serious incidents of violence at federal prisons are investigated by the FBI.
Notable inmates (current and former)
†The Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 eliminated parole for federal inmates. However, inmates sentenced for offenses committed prior to 1987 are eligible for parole consideration.
High-profile inmates
Gang leaders
Others
See also
List of the United States federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
External links
Federal Bureau of Prisons.gov: Official United States Penitentiary−USP Victorville website
Federal Bureau of Prisons.gov: FCC Victorville complex website
Buildings and structures in San Bernardino County, California
Victorville
Prisons in California
Victor Valley
Victorville, California
Government buildings completed in 2004
2004 establishments in California
The golden-collared woodpecker (Veniliornis cassini) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in northern Brazil, the Guianas, Venezuela and far eastern Colombia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
golden-collared woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
golden-collared woodpecker
golden-collared woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
}}
| recovery_cases =
| deaths =
| fatality_rate =
| suspected_cases =
| territories =
| total_ili =
| website =
}}
First case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed in Goa on 25 March 2020. The state has confirmed a total of 10494 cases, of whom 6912 have recovered and 91 died, as of 13 August. The state was COVID-19 free for 23 days until the disease resurfaced on 14 May when a family returning from the neighbouring state of Maharashtra tested positive. The worst impact was felt around September-October 2020, while as of April-May 2021, a second wave of COVID-19 was also felt strongly across the small State.
Timeline
March 2020
On 14 March 2020, the government of Goa announced that the schools and colleges in the state would remain closed until 1 April 2020.
On 20 March 2020, the government of Goa launched Test Yourself Goa, a self-assessment-tool-for-COVID-19.
The Chief minister of Goa announced on 23 March that shops selling essential commodities like groceries, milk, vegetables and meat would be open daily from 6am to 11am.
On 24 March 2020, the government of Goa announced a complete lockdown in Goa until 31 March 2020, and that even grocery stores would be shut.
Later in the evening on the 24th, the Prime Minister announced a lockdown in the entire country until 14 April 2020.
The first three positive cases were detected in Goa on 25 March 2020. The three male patients were aged 25, 29 and 55 years and had travelled to Spain, Australia and the US, respectively.
On 26 March 2020, the Chief Minister announced that shops selling milk, vegetables and fish would be allowed to open from the following day.
The state government requisitioned two battalions of the CRPF on 28 March to help enforce the lockdown.
2 more positive cases were announced as being positive on 29 March 2020. One person had returned from the Bahamas, while the other had been in contact with one of the first three positive patients. Both were Goans, and were already under quarantine.
April 2020
On 3 April, Goa's 6th case was announced. The person had a travel history to Mozambique.
Goa's 7th case was detected on 4 April. The patient had a foreign travel history.
All seven persons in Goa have recovered from the COVID-19 infection and the state is now declared as COVID-19 free state by Chief Minister.
May 2020
The government allowed the entry of modes of transportation like trains, buses and cars into Goa from 14 May, leading to a huge influx of people from other states. This caused a big spurt in COVID-19 cases in Goa, with 39 new cases in 6 days up to 19 May.
State Health Minister Vishwajit Rane announced that all people above 18 years in Goa would be given ivermectin for prophilactic use for a period of five days. The Minister said this treatment would not prevent COVID-19 infection but it can help reduce its severity.
June 2020
Mangor Hill in Vasco da Gama, Goa is declared as Goa's first containment zone. As of Thursday 4 June the Covid positive cases touched 166, with 109 active cases including those at Mangor Hill.
As of 19 June total Covid positive cases in Goa reached 705, with 596 active cases and 109 cures.
On 22 June, Goa reported its first death due to Coronavirus on death of an 85-year-old man.
July 2020
August 2020
On 13 August Goa had more than 10 thousand confirmed cases with almost 7 thousand recoveries and 91 death
By the end of August, there were more than 20 thousand confirmed cases and 200 deaths.
September-October 2020
The first COVID-19 peak was reported during this period.
April-May 2021
A second peak was reported, which was seen as deadlier than the first, with a larger number of deaths than seen anytime earlier, on a daily basis.
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in India
COVID-19 pandemic in Assam
COVID-19 pandemic in Bihar
COVID-19 pandemic in Delhi
COVID-19 pandemic in Gujarat
COVID-19 pandemic in Haryana
COVID-19 pandemic in Karnataka
COVID-19 pandemic in Kerala
COVID-19 pandemic in Madhya Pradesh
COVID-19 pandemic in Maharashtra
COVID-19 pandemic in Punjab
COVID-19 pandemic in Rajasthan
COVID-19 pandemic in Tamil Nadu
COVID-19 pandemic in Telangana
COVID-19 pandemic in Uttar Pradesh
COVID-19 pandemic in Uttarakhand
COVID-19 pandemic in West Bengal
References
Links
Goa COVID-19 active cases map
Goa
2020s in Goa
Health in Goa
Disasters in Goa
Combe Haven is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest between Hastings and Bexhill-on-Sea in East Sussex. An area of is Filsham Reedbed Local Nature Reserve, which is managed by the Sussex Wildlife Trust
This site has diverse habitats. Most of it is poorly drained alluvial meadows which are divided by drainage ditches. There is also ancient woodland and Filsham Reedbed is the largest area of reed beds in East Sussex. There are diverse breeding and wintering birds and many species of butterflies.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex
Bexhill-on-Sea
Jennifer Risper (born March 11, 1987) is an American professional basketball player.
Playing career
High school
Risper played high school basketball at Canyon Springs. As a senior, they averaged 15.3 points, 6.3 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 3.2 steals. They were named All-Ivy league and All-Riverside County First Team, along with the CIF Division 1A Co-Most Valuable Player. Other honors included Cal-Hi Sports All-State Third Team, and the L.A. Times All-Star Girls Basketball Team and the Press Enterprise First Team. In their junior year, they averaged 20.3 points, 6.7 rebounds, 3.9 assists and 3.6 steals per game. They were integral in leading Canyon Springs to CIF Div. 1A Southern Section Championship, Ivy League championship and runner-up finish in state championship. In their senior year, they led Canyon Springs to a 31–4 overall record including a school record 25-game winning streak and a perfect 10–0 record in the Ivy League. They lettered all four years in basketball and served as team captain for three years. When they were recruited, they selected Vanderbilt over Texas and Oregon State.
Vanderbilt
Risper was a two-time Second Team All-SEC Pick for the Commodores. In their sophomore year, they were Vanderbilt's representative on the 2007–08 SEC Women's Basketball Good Works Team.
Chicago Sky
Risper was selected in the third round, 29th overall, in the 2009 WNBA Draft, by the Chicago Sky. Jennifer Risper's first WNBA preseason game was a May 22 Sky win over the defending WNBA champion Detroit Shock. Risper played 11 minutes and scored three points.
On May 28, Risper and the Sky played against an Indiana Fever squad including their former teammate, Christina Wirth. In the 67–74 loss, Risper played 9 minutes, had 3 Free Throws, 5 Rebounds, 1 Steal, and 3 points. Before the end of training camp, Risper was cut by the Sky.
Europe
In the fall of 2009, Risper and their former teammate Wirth both signed with a Slovakian team officially known as BK PU Bemaco Prešov. The season is scheduled to end in April 2010.
Indiana Fever
Risper signed a 2010 training camp contract with the Indiana Fever.
Vanderbilt statistics
Source
Awards and honors
2008–09 Vanderbilt women's Co-Athletes of the Year
Women's Basketball Coaches Association (WBCA), National Defensive Player of the Year (2009)
SEC All-Tournament Team (2009)
SEC All-Defensive Team (2008)
Second-team All-Southeastern Conference honoree (2008)
Vanderbilt Thanksgiving All-Tournament Team (2008).
All-tournament honors at the 2007 Contra Costa Times in Berkeley, California
All-tournament selection (2007 Vanderbilt Thanksgiving Tournament.)
Female Newcomer of the Year honors among all Vanderbilt student-athletes (2006)
References
1987 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from California
Chicago Sky draft picks
People from Moreno Valley, California
Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball players
Bringrr is a startup company that develops and manufactures electronic tracking systems for commonly used items, including smartphones. The company was founded in 2009 by James Logan. The company's eponymous product is a device that alerts users if they do not have their smartphone when they start their car. Asheem Aggarwal is Bringrr's CEO.
History
Bringrr was founded by James Logan in 2009 to produce and market Bringrr Reminder (later renamed Bringrr), a cylindrical device that plugs into a car's cigarette lighter and alerts users when the device does not detect the user's smartphone inside the car. At the time Logan, a former co-founder of Microtouch Systems and Gotuit, served as CEO. The company was incubated by Amoskeag Business Incubator in Manchester, New Hampshire and later moved to DifferenceMaker, a startup development program housed at the University of Massachusetts Lowell. The company moved to Boston in 2014.
The company began prototyping Bringrr in October 2012. Aldo Beqiraj, an electrical engineering student at the University of Massachusetts Lowell, was hired as Bringrr's CMO in September 2013. Beqiraj became Bringrr CEO in January 2014. Bringrr successfully completed a $75,000 Kickstarter campaign later that month. In the Fall of 2014, Asheem Aggarwal became CEO of Bringrr, and changed the name to Pairable.
Products
Bringrr's products are Bringrr, a cylindrical device that plugs into a car's cigarette lighter and links with the user's mobile devices, and BringTags, a bluetooth low energy beacon that attaches to common items and pets. BringTags interface with the Bringrr app and sends notifications to the user's phone when tagged items are lost or left behind.
To date no product has been delivered by the Indiegogo campaign nor the Kickstarter campaign.
In July 2015, Bringr opened for pre-orders on amazon.
References
Electronics companies established in 2009
Technology companies based in the Boston area
Security companies of the United States
2009 establishments in New Hampshire
Peter MacDonald (born 1928) is a Native American politician and the only four term Chairman of the Navajo Nation. MacDonald was born in Arizona, U.S. and served the U.S. Marine Corps in World War II as a Navajo Code Talker. They were first elected Navajo Tribal Chairman in 1970.
In 1989, MacDonald was removed from office by the Navajo Tribal Council, pending the results of federal criminal investigations headed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. MacDonald was sent to federal prison in 1990 for violations of US law and subsequently convicted of more U.S. federal crimes, including fraud, extortion, riot, bribery, and corruption.
Life and politics
Born Hashkasilt Begay, MacDonald was raised among traditional shepherds and groomed as a medicine man. They entered the Marine Corps as a Navajo language code talker during World War II. The war ended soon after their training was complete and they were deployed in post-war China to guard surrendered Japanese officers.
After the war, MacDonald earned an electrical engineering degree at the University of Oklahoma. Upon graduation, their acumen secured a job at the Hughes Aircraft Company, working on the Polaris nuclear missile project. They returned to the Navajo Nation in 1963 and began a career in tribal politics.
MacDonald served as Navajo Nation Tribal Chairman for four terms between the years 1970 to 1986. During their tenure, MacDonald stressed self-sufficiency and tribal enterprise as key components of their political goals. They worked to extend tribal control over education and over mineral leases and co-founded the Council of Energy Resource Tribes (CERT) in 1975. CERT favored accelerated development of energy resources on tribal lands. MacDonald is credited with starting the Navajo Nation Shopping Centers Enterprise, Navajo Engineering and Construction Authority, and many other Navajo-owned enterprises. MacDonald was critical of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and fought against federal encroachments on Tribal sovereignty.
During the 1972 presidential campaign, MacDonald was referred to as "the most powerful Indian in the USA". They were a member of Richard Nixon's Committee to Re-Elect the President (CRP), and was scheduled, at the urging of Senator Barry Goldwater, to speak at the 1972 Republican National Convention.
Concluding that Nixon's support for the Navajo position in a land dispute with the Hopi was tepid, MacDonald met with Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern, chair of a Senate Subcommittee on Indian Affairs. When McGovern pledged to back the Navajo position, MacDonald considered supporting McGovern's presidential bid. As tribal chairperson, they could rally a solid block of votes across the reservation.
This displeased Goldwater. Two years later, Goldwater's displeasure increased, when MacDonald delivered 9,006 out of a total 10,274 Navajo votes to help elect Democrat Raul Castro as governor of Arizona.
Goldwater supported the Hopi in the land dispute. In the end, thousands of Navajo families lost their homes, cementing the rift between Arizona's senior senator and the leader of Arizona's largest tribe.
In 1996, Congress passed a law allowing extended families to stay on their lands for seventy-five more years. The Navajos agreed to a number of restrictions on the economy. The so-called The Bennett Freeze affecting thousands of MacDonald's Navajo was not lifted until 2009 when US President Barack Obama repealed the "Freeze".
Public services
American Indian National Bank, Washington, DC: Co-Founder and member of the Board. Established the first Native American banking system in the country to serve tribes across the United States.
National Tribal Chairman Association, Washington, DC: Co-Founder and member of the Executive Board. An organization of elected tribal leaders to speak with one voice (officially) on behalf of their constituents.
Council of Energy Resources Tribes (CERT), Denver, CO: Co-Founder and Chairman of the Council. Organized to effect changes in management and protection of Native American energy resources and to receive fair market value for tribal resources.
President's National Energy Task Force; Washington, DC: Appointed by President Ronald Reagan.
National Nuclear Waste Management Task Force Commission; Washington, DC; Appointed by President Jimmy Carter
Navajo Community College Board of Regents; member, Tsaile, AZ
Bacone Junior College Board of Regents, member; Bacone, OK
University of Oklahoma Board of Visitors, member; Norman, OK
Native American Preparatory School (NAPS) Board of Trustees and co-founder (1986–1988)
United States Marine Corps Education and Training Board of Advisors, member; appointed by United States Secretary of Navy
National Indian Self-determination Task Force, Co-Chairman; Washington, D.C. appointed by President Richard Nixon
American Indian Policy Review Commission, member; U.S. Congress (1975–1976)
Commission for Older Americans; U.S. Department of Health, Education & Welfare.
New Mexico Governor's Energy Task Force (1972)
Board of Directors, National Association for Community Development (1986–1970)
Publications
MacDonald published an autobiography in 1993 called The Last Warrior.
Allegations and charges
On February 17, 1988, a divided Navajo Tribal Council placed MacDonald on administrative leave. Chairman MacDonald refused to step down from their position, leading to a five-month stand-off. By March of that year, the council appointed an interim chairperson. Remaining MacDonald supporters known as "Peter's Patrol" responded by occupying the leader's offices.
In 1990, a Navajo tribal judge ordered Peter MacDonald Sr., after being suspended by the Navajo Council, to face three criminal trials instead of a single trial on 111 criminal counts., raising questions of double jeopardy.
In the third case, MacDonald was charged with violating tribal election law by accepting illegal campaign contributions from non-Navajos. In this case, MacDonald stood trial with Johnny R. Thompson, the suspended Navajo vice-chairperson.
Bud Brown, given immunity, testified against MacDonald, alleging that the chairperson pressured them into the Big Boquillas deal. They were allowed to keep the $4 million profit from the land sale and face no jail time.
Government prosecutors, in retrospect, have commented to the New York Times their misgivings of the charges and trial. "I've always wondered if we (prosecutors) were the dupes," one remarked.
Inciting riots and prison
The Navajo Nation Council suspended MacDonald in February 1989. The council had suspected that MacDonald accepted kickbacks from contractors and corporations. Turmoil ensued, culminating in a riot in Window Rock five months later that led to the shooting deaths of two MacDonald supporters and the injury of two tribal police officers. They had stormed the tribal headquarters in an attempt to restore them to power, according to the Associated Press , which is commonly known as the "Peter MacDonald Riot".
MacDonald was eventually convicted of defrauding the Navajo Nation in tribal court, but served only a few months of that sentence before being convicted in federal court of conspiracy to commit burglary and kidnapping charges connected to the Window Rock riot.
MacDonald was convicted on US Federal conspiracy charges for inciting the riot and for taking bribes and kickbacks. MacDonald also served a federal sentence for fraud and racketeering convictions.
In 1990, Peter MacDonald was sent to the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth Texas. Within several years was convicted of more US federal crimes including fraud, extortion, riot, bribery, and corruption stemming from the Navajo purchase of the Big Boquillas Ranch in Northwestern Arizona. MacDonald was then moved from the general federal prison unit into a prison hospital after experiencing chest pains.
MacDonald had been imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth, since 1992.
Commuted prison sentence
The Navajo Tribal Council pardoned MacDonald in 1995 as they were serving their sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth – noting in their pardon that certain allegations could not possibly have been true and re-establishing the Navajo concept of hozhonji, the Beauty Way, and the need to forgive and ask forgiveness.
Presidential
The day before President Bill Clinton left office in 2001, U.S. Rep. Patrick J. Kennedy lobbied the White House to commute the sentence of the former leader. President Clinton granted the request, along with dozens of other commutations and pardons.
Return to Navajoland
"I sincerely believe that we will all be better off if we return to the traditional Navajo system in which the family was important and everyone fulfilled their roles and responsibility for preparing our children for life," said the former Navajo Nation Chairman.
Since their return from federal prison, MacDonald has remained a public figure advocating for increased Navajo sovereignty away from federal domains on certain aspects. They speak at conferences, meetings and education venues.
In 2017, MacDonald, along with Fleming Begaye Sr. (PVT, USMC), Roy Hawthorne (CPL, USMC), Thomas H. Begay (CPL, USMC), Samuel Holiday (PFC, USMC) and Alfred Newman (PFC, USMC) were honored in a White House Ceremony by President Donald Trump. MacDonald spoke alongside the president.
See also
1989 Navajo Nation Council reforms
List of Native American politicians
References
External links
Documentaries, topic pages and databases
The New York Times (1990): Ex-Navajo Leader Is Facing 3 Criminal Trials
Peter MacDonald and the Navajo Nation
Navajo Chairman Sentenced to 6 Years in Tribal Jail for Bribery, Ethics Violations
The Price of Doing Business: After eight years in federal prison, former Navajo Tribal Chairman Peter MacDonald has returned to the reservation.
Navajo Times endures shutdown, gains independence
Undaunted muckraker
MacDonald: Where are the Navajo millionaires?
Former Navajo Nation chairperson calls for a return to traditional Navajo family values
Former Navajo chairperson speaks on elder abuse-2006
MacDonald applies for city job – Gallup Independent
1928 births
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Navajo code talkers
Navajo people
American politicians convicted of corruption
Arizona Republicans
Chairmen of the Navajo Tribe
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Recipients of American presidential clemency
University of Oklahoma alumni
Arizona politicians convicted of crimes
Native American people from Arizona
Sergei Aleksandrovich Lutovinov (; born 25 March 1975) is a Russian former professional footballer.
They made their professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for FC Oka Kolomna.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 1997.
Russian Cup winner: 1998.
European club competitions
With FC Spartak Moscow.
UEFA Champions League 1997–98 qualification: 1 game.
UEFA Cup 1997–98: 3 games.
References
1975 births
People from Kolomna
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Amkar Perm players
Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
FC Oryol players
Russian Premier League players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Jesse Ross "J. R." Williams (November 17, 1940 – September 17, 2015) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. They played college football at Fresno State University and Bakersfield College. Williams was inducted into the Bob Elias Kern County Sports Hall of Fame in 2001. After their football career they were a football coach, coaching at Arvin High School and Highland High School in Bakersfield. They died in 2015.
References
1940 births
2015 deaths
Bakersfield College alumni
BC Lions players
California State University, Fresno alumni
Fresno State Bulldogs football players
People from Corcoran, California
Margaret Sawyer may refer to:
Maggie Sawyer, a fictional character that appears in stories published by DC Comics
Peggy Sawyer, a fictional character in 42nd Street
Black Randy and the Metrosquad was an American punk rock band from the late 1970s and early 1980s in the Los Angeles punk scene. They gained notoriety not only for their surreal and smutty sense of humor, but also for their amalgamation of proto-punk, 1970s porn, pop, and avant-garde music.
History
The band formed in Los Angeles in 1977 with Black Randy (born John Morris, January 5, 1952) as frontman, David Brown on keyboards, and other members, including Pat Garrett, on guitar. However, the band had a rotating line-up, which even included live back-up singers known as the Blackettes which often included Exene Cervenka, Alice Bag, Lorna Doom, Belinda Carlisle, Jane Wiedlin, and featured several members of The Eyes.
Black Randy's lyrics gave them a reputation for being as witty as they were offensive with songs about porn, Marlon Brando, and Idi Amin. Their first single, "Trouble at the Cup", advocated fighting the police, describing a fantasy wherein the Hollywood Blvd. street hustlers would rise up and take violent revenge for the frequent police harassment they experienced. They also covered James Brown's "Say It Loud - I'm Black and I'm Proud". The band also covered various porn music themes from the 70s.
They released many vinyl singles and cassette tapes from 1977 onwards which were later
compiled on an album called, Pass the Dust, I Think I'm Bowie, which had sophisticated and even innovative musical arrangements that had more in common with post-punk than hardcore bands like Black Flag. This album led to the band being the most represented act on Dangerhouse Records, the label established by Brown and Garrett. This was the label's only album release, though this was not due to nepotism, but rather to bands with major-label aspirations worrying that being associated with Black Randy's offensive songs could jeopardize their chances of being signed. The band appeared in Lou Adler's 1981 satirical punk rock film Ladies and Gentlemen, The Fabulous Stains, performing "I Slept in an Arcade". Pass the Dust... was reissued in 2004 by Sympathy for the Record Industry, and as a double LP by Vinyl Countdown Records in 2009, including the original album, the Dangerhouse singles, demos, live material, and a Black Randy phone call. Frontier Records reissued the album in 2016 on transparent pink vinyl, including a digital download with the non-LP Dangerhouse singles as bonus tracks, with a limited cassette edition co-released with Burger Records.
The band imploded in mid-1982, when their frontman succumbed to drug and alcohol problems, which were evident in chaotic live shows, where songs were hardly sung and Brown tried, to no avail, to salvage the show. Black Randy died on November 11, 1988, of complications from AIDS. They were portrayed by Chris Pontius in the film What We Do Is Secret, a biopic of Darby Crash.
Discography
Albums
Pass the Dust, I Think I'm Bowie (1979), Dangerhouse – reissued (2004), Sympathy for the Record Industry, (2009), Dangerhouse|Elective Affinities Corp. (cassette) 2015, Vinyl Countdown, (2016), Frontier Records, (2016), Burger/Frontier (cassette).
Singles
"Trouble at the Cup" (1977), Dangerhouse.
Idi Amin EP (1978), Dangerhouse – as Black Randy & their Elite Metrosquad.
"I Slept in an Arcade" (1979), Dangerhouse.
Various artists compilation appearances
"Down at the Laundrymat", on Yes L.A. (1979), Dangerhouse.
References
External links
Black Randy crank calls
Review of Pass the Dust, I Think I'm Bowie at Crawdaddy!.
Profile of the band
Musical groups from Los Angeles
American new wave musical groups
American post-punk music groups
Punk rock groups from California
Dangerhouse Records artists
Bamako Sign Language, also known as Malian Sign Language, or LaSiMa (Langue des Signes Malienne), is a sign language that developed outside the Malian educational system, in the urban tea-circles of Bamako where deaf men gathered after work. It is used predominantly by men, and is threatened by the educational use of American Sign Language, which is the language of instruction for those deaf children who go to school.
See also
Tebul Sign Language, village sign of the Dogon region
References
Sign languages of Mali
Sample signs of LaSiMa
Project LaSiMa (YouTube)
Bamako and Dogon sign languages at the University of Central Lancashire
Sign language isolates
Sign languages of Mali
HD 46815 (HR 2411) is a solitary star in the southern constellation Columba. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent magnitude of 5.4 and is estimated to be 408 light years away. However, it is receding with a heliocentric radial velocity of .
HD 46815 has a stellar classification of K3 III, indicating that it is a red giant. At present it has 117% the mass of the Sun but has expanded to 24.15 times its girth. It shines with a luminosity of from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of , giving an orange hue. HD 46815 has a metallicity 120% that of the Sun and is believed to be a member of the old disk. Due to it being a giant star, it has a low projected rotational velocity of .
References
Columba (constellation)
K-type giants
Columbae, 106
CD-36 2990
046815
031299
2411
High-proper-motion stars
Manthrakodi is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by R. M. Veerappan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Venugopal
Vijayasree as Valsala
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Saraswathi
Adoor Bhasi as Karnnadhanan
Jose Prakash as S. R. Nair/Swamiji
Pattom Sadan as Ghada Govindan
T. S. Muthaiah as Bhaskara Menon
Abbas
K. P. Ummer as Vikraman
Kanchana (old) as Dancer
Nadarajan
Paravoor Bharathan as Bharathan
Philomina as Valsala's grandmother
Sadhana as Rani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Zubeir Ali Maulid (born 25 March 1968) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for the Kwamtipura constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2000. They were appointed the speaker of the Zanzibar House of Representatives in 2016.
References
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
1968 births
Living people
Westerhout 31, also known as W31, is a complex of star formation regions of the Milky Way located in the constellation of Sagittarius.
Characteristics
As happens with other similar star-forming regions, Westerhout 31's location in the Milky Way obscures it so much due to the interstellar dust located between it and the Solar System that it cannot be studied with optical telescopes and for its observation infrared telescopes such as Spitzer, radiotelescopes, or instruments able to detect X-Rays and gamma rays are needed.
Westerhout 31 seems to be actually formed of several star-forming regions at very different distances that from our line of sight appear together: one (formed by the radio-emitting nebulae G10.2-0.3 and G10.6-0.4) at a distance of 3.3 or 4.5 kiloparsecs from the Sun and other (the radio-emitting nebula G10.3-0.1) much farther away, at a distance between 11.8 and 14.5 kiloparsecs (in the other side of the galaxy respect to the Sun, with the former distance more likely due to its stellar content).
G10.3-0.1 is the most notable as it contains the star cluster 1806-20 that includes the famous luminous blue variable star LBV 1806-20, the magnetar SGR 1806-20, two blue hypergiant stars, a supergiant O star, three Wolf-Rayet stars, two of them carbon-rich, and other young, massive stars.
The closest complex, formed by G10.2-0.3 and G10.6-0.4, includes a very young (0.6 Myr) star cluster with at least four O stars and five massive YSOs.
See also
1806-20 cluster
References
Emission nebulae
Sagittarius (constellation)
Star-forming regions
Herkimer County High Point is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County, north of Honnedaga Lake.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Craig Boynton (born June 19, 1964) is a tennis coach and former player from the United States.
Boynton made their only singles appearance in the Grand Prix circuit at the 1988 U.S. Pro Tennis Championships; they entered the main draw as a qualifier, and lost to countryman Richey Reneberg in the first round.
After retiring from playing, they became a coach in 1993. They have been the coach of Hubert Hurkacz since March 2019, and has worked with players like Jim Courier, John Isner and Mardy Fish in the past.
Personal life
Boynton is married to former professional tennis player Teri Whitlinger. Their three children were born in Cincinnati before the family moved to Tampa in 2004.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Ohio
Arkansas Razorbacks men's tennis players
American tennis coaches
In enzymology, a prostaglandin-D synthase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha-epidioxy-15-hydroxyprosta-5,13- dienoate (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,15-dihydroxy-11-oxoprosta-5,13-dienoate
Thus, the substrate of this enzyme is (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha-epidioxy-15-hydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate, whereas its product is (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,15-dihydroxy-11-oxoprosta-5,13-dienoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically a class of other intramolecular oxidoreductases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (5,13)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha-epidioxy-15-hydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate Delta-isomerase. Other names in common use include prostaglandin-H2 Delta-isomerase, prostaglandin-R-prostaglandin D isomerase, and PGH-PGD isomerase. This enzyme participates in arachidonic acid metabolism.
In March 2012 American scientists reported a discovery that shows this enzyme triggers male baldness According to the discovery, levels of this enzyme are elevated in the cells of hair follicles located in bald patches on the scalp, but not in hairy areas. The research could lead to a cream to treat baldness.
Structural studies
As of late 2001, 7 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , and .
See also
Prostaglandin D2 synthase
Hematopoietic prostaglandin D synthase
References
EC 5.3.99
Enzymes of known structure
Prosenik Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 2739 m in Doyran Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and surmounting Thomas Glacier to the southeast and Hough Glacier to the east-northeast.
The peak is named after the settlement of Prosenik in Eastern Bulgaria.
Location
Prosenik Peak is located at , which is 4.75 km north-northeast of Elfring Peak, 3.78 km northeast of Mount Mohl, 4.12 km south-southwest of Mount Tuck and 4.45 km west-northwest of McPherson Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Prosenik Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission (in Bulgarian)
Basic data (in English)
External links
Prosenik Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Restaurant magazine is a British magazine aimed at chefs, restaurant proprietors and other catering professionals that concentrates on the fine dining end of the restaurant industry.
History and profile
Restaurant was founded in 2001. The magazine is published monthly by William Reed Business Media and had a circulation of 16,642 in December 2011.
It produces an annual list of what it considers to be the best 50 restaurants in the world, based on the votes of 837 "chefs, restaurateurs, critics and fun-loving gourmands".
See also
List of food and drink magazines
References
External links
Official site
2001 establishments in the United Kingdom
Business magazines published in the United Kingdom
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Food and drink magazines
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 2001
Neil Adam may refer to:
Neil Kensington Adam (1891-1973), British chemist
Neil Adam, musician in the band Silly Wizard
Neil Adam (racehorse trainer), British racehorse trainer
See also
Neil Adams (disambiguation)
Horace Taliaferro Ward (July 29, 1927 – April 23, 2016) was an American lawyer and judge. They become known for their efforts to challenge the racially discriminatory practices at the University of Georgia School of Law and was the first African American to serve as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.
Education and career
Ward was born in LaGrange, Georgia. They received an Artium Baccalaureus degree from Morehouse College in 1949. They received a Master of Arts from Atlanta University (now Clark Atlanta University) in 1950. They received a Juris Doctor from Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law in 1959. They were an instructor at the Arkansas AM&N College (now the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff) from 1950 to 1951. They were an instructor at Alabama State College from 1951 to 1953. They were in the United States Army from 1953 to 1955, attaining the rank of Corporal. They were an instructor at Alabama State College from 1955 to 1956. They were a claims authorizer for the United States Social Security Administration in Chicago, Illinois, from 1959 to 1960. They were in private practice of law in Atlanta, Georgia, from 1960 to 1974. They were a deputy city attorney of Atlanta from 1969 to 1970. They were an assistant county attorney of Fulton County, Georgia, from 1970 to 1974. They were a member of the Georgia State Senate from 1965 to 1974. They were a Judge of the Civil Court of Fulton County, Georgia from 1974 to 1977. They were a judge of the Superior Court of Georgia from 1977 to 1979.
Federal judicial service
Ward was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on November 1, 1979, to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, to a new seat created by 92 Stat. 1629. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on December 5, 1979, and received their commission on December 6, 1979. They assumed senior status on December 31, 1993, serving in that status until their death.
Personal
Ward was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Ward died on April 23, 2016, in Atlanta.
See also
List of African-American jurists
List of first minority male lawyers and judges in Georgia
References
External links
(Updated May 7, 2017)
1927 births
2016 deaths
People from LaGrange, Georgia
Morehouse College alumni
Clark Atlanta University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
Alabama State University faculty
University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff faculty
University of Georgia
Georgia (U.S. state) state court judges
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
African-American judges
Judges of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
United States district court judges appointed by Jimmy Carter
20th-century American judges
Emory Grove is a small area of bungalow style homes built in 1939 and the 1940s in Druid Hills, Georgia near Emory University. The Emory Grove Historic District, located between Emory University and the city of Decatur, Georgia, is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The district has 200 contributing buildings, 4 contributing sites and one other contributing structure. It includes work by architects and/or builders Ivey and Crook and Robert and Company in Colonial Revival and Late Gothic Revival architectural styles.
A significant date in its history is 1938. It includes single dwellings, a school, a religious structure, and a church school, and it was listed for its architecture.
Emory Grove consists of Princeton Way, Westminster Way, and Edinburgh Terrace, and some houses along N. Decatur Road.
See also
Druid Hills Historic District
University Park-Emory Highlands-Emory Estates Historic District
References
External links
Emory Grove Neighborhood Association at Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Book Library, Emory University
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Colonial Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Gothic Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Geography of DeKalb County, Georgia
Decatur, Georgia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Druid Hills, Georgia
Bungalow architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses in DeKalb County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in DeKalb County, Georgia
The Japanese Federation of Chemical and General Workers' Unions (; Zenka Domei) was a trade union representing workers in various industries, especially the chemical industry, in Japan.
The union was established in 1951, affiliated with the Japanese Federation of Labour, and later, with the Japanese Confederation of Labour. In 1958, it had 31,801 members, growing to 88,233 by 1967. It was later a founding affiliate of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. In 1995, it merged with the National Federation of General Workers' Unions to form the Japanese Federation of Chemical, Service and General Trade Unions.
References
Chemical industry trade unions
Trade unions established in 1951
Trade unions disestablished in 1995
Trade unions in Japan
Dystasia circulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1864. It is known from Borneo and Malaysia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
Sorolopha chiangmaiensis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1989
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
In molecular biology, the PYP domain (photoactive yellow protein) is a p-coumaric acid-binding protein domain. They are present in various proteins in bacteria.
PYP is a highly soluble globular protein with an alpha/beta fold structure. It is a member of the PAS domain superfamily, which also contains a variety of other kinds of photosensory proteins.
PYP was first discovered in 1985.
A recently (2016) developed chemogenetic system named FAST (Fluorescence-Activating and absorption Shifting Tag) was engineered from PYP to specifically and reversibly bind a series of hydroxybenzylidene rhodanine (HBR) derivatives for their fluorogenic properties. Upon interaction with FAST, the fluorogen is locked into a fluorescent conformation unlike when in solution. This new protein labelling system is used in a variety of microscopy and cytometry setups.
p-Coumaric acid
p-Coumaric acid is a cofactor of Photoactive yellow protein|photoactive yellow proteins. Adducts of p-coumaric acid bound to PYP form crystals that diffract well for x-ray crystallography experiments. These structural studies have provided insight into photosensitive proteins, e.g. the role of hydrogen bonding, molecular isomerization and photoactivity.
Photochemical transitions
It was originally believed that due to light emissions resembling that of retinal bound rhodopsin, the photosensor molecule bound to PYP should resemble the structure of retinal bound rhodopsin, the photosensor molecule bound to PYP should resemble the structure of retinal. Scientists were therefore amazed when the PYP Cys 69 was bound by a thiol ester linkage as the light sensitive prosthetic group p-coumaric acid. During the photoreactive mechanism:
Light absorption yields the native protein to absorb a maximum wavelength of 446 nm, ε = 45500 M−1 cm−1.
Within a nanosecond the absorbed maximum wavelength is shifted to 465 nm.
Then on a sub-millisecond timescale is excited to a 355 nm state.
These observed phenomena are due to the trans–cis isomerization of the vinyl trans double bond in the p-coumaric acid. Scientists noted by observing the crystal structure of p-coumaric acid bound by PYP that the hydroxyl group connected to the C4 carbon of the phenyl ring appeared to be deprotonated – effectively a phenolate functional group. This was due to abnormally short hydrogen bonding lengths observed in the protein crystal structure.
Role of hydrogen bonding
Hydrogen bonds in proteins such as PYP take part in interrelated networks, where at the center of p-coumaric acid's phenolate O4 atom, there is an oxyanion hole that is crucial for photosensory function. Oxyanion holes exist in enzymes to stabilize transitions states of reaction intermediates, thus stabilizing the trans–cis isomerization of p-coumaric acid. During the transition state it is believed that the p-coumaric acid phenolate O4 takes part in a hydrogen bond network between Glu46, Tyr42 and Thr50 of PYP. These interactions are apart from the thiol ester linkage to Cys 69 keeping p-coumaric acid in the ligand binding site. Upon transitioning to the cis-isomeric form of p-coumaric acid the favorable hydrogen bonds are no longer in close interaction.
References
Further reading
External links
Protein domains
Grand may refer to:
People with the name
Grand (surname)
Grand L. Bush (born 1955), American actor
Grand Mixer DXT, American turntablist
Grand Puba (born 1966), American rapper
Places
Grand, Oklahoma
Grand, Vosges, village and commune in France with Gallo-Roman amphitheatre
Grand Concourse (disambiguation), several places
Grand County (disambiguation), several places
Grand Geyser, Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone
Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway, a parkway system in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
Le Grand, California, census-designated place
Grand Staircase, a place in the US.
Arts, entertainment, and media
Grand (Erin McKeown album), 2003
Grand (Matt and Kim album), 2009
Grand (magazine), a lifestyle magazine related to grandparents
Grand (TV series), American sitcom, 1990
Grand piano, musical instrument
Grand Production, Serbian record label company
The Grand Tour, a new British automobile show
Other uses
Grand Olympic Auditorium, a hall in Los Angeles
Great Recycling and Northern Development Canal, a proposed water management scheme in Canada
Grand Sierra Resort, a hotel and casino resort located in Reno, Nevada
Slang for one thousand units of currency
Grand Chancellor Hotel, international hotel brand
Grand Staircase (White House), a staircase in the White House
Grand Staircase of the Titanic, staircases in the RMS Titanic and RMS Olympic
See also
Grand Canyon (disambiguation)
Grand Hotel (disambiguation)
Grand station (disambiguation)
Grand Street (disambiguation)
Grand Theatre (disambiguation)
Grand Tour (disambiguation)
Grande (disambiguation)
Le Grand (disambiguation)
The Grand (disambiguation)
Jorma Sandelin (born 4 June 1936) is a Finnish archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Finnish male archers
Olympic archers of Finland
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Kristinestad
Sportspeople from Ostrobothnia (region)
John II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard (before 1370 - 6 July/9 October 1416) was a titular Duke of Mecklenburg. They were co-ruler of Mecklenburg-Stargard from 1392 or 1393 to 1408 and the sole ruler of Sternberg, Friedland, Fürstenberg and Lychen from 1408 until their death.
Family
They were the eldest child of John I, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard, and their third wife Agnes of Lindow-Ruppin.
Life
John II was probably born before 1370 and reigned jointly with their younger brothers Ulrich I and Albert I (d. 1397).
They supported their cousin Albert III, who tried to enforce their rights as a king of Sweden. In this matter, they probably acted as a leader of the Victual Brothers.
In 1408 John divided their inheritance with their brother Ulrich. John II received the Lordships of Sternberg, Friedland, Fürstenberg and Lychen. They chose Sternberg as their residence, and probably died there, in 1416. They were also buried in Sternberg.
Marriage and issue
In 1388, John II married Catherine ("Wilheida"), the daughter of Grand Duke Algirdas ("Olgierd") of Lithuania. They had three children:
Agnes, (d. 1467), married Duke Otto II of Pomerania
John III, who succeeded them as Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard and Lord of Sternberg (1417-1438)
Anna (1390-1467), abbess in Ribnitz Abbey (1423-1467)
External links
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
Footnotes
Dukes of Mecklenburg-Stargard
14th-century births
Year of birth uncertain
1416 deaths
14th-century German nobility
15th-century German nobility
Warriner's English Grammar and Composition is a series of textbooks on English grammar and composition by John E. Warriner, consisting of six books targeted at grades 6 through 12, in numerous editions, with publication beginning in 1946. With the series still in print at the time of Warriner's death in 1987, publisher Harcourt Brace Jovanovich described it as "one of the best selling series in textbook publishing history", with over 30 million copies sold.
Books of the series have been published in large-print, Braille, audiobook, and e-book editions.
History
John E. Warriner (c. 1907–1987) earned a Bachelor's in English in 1930 from the University of Michigan, followed by a Master's from Harvard. They then taught at the New Jersey State Teachers College, and later Garden City High School.
In 1942 or 1943, Warriner was approached by a publisher's sales representative about revising a grammar book dating from 1898. Warriner instead began writing chapters for a new book, which was published by Harcourt Brace as Warriner's Handbook of English, aimed at grades 9 and 10. This book was followed by a volume aimed at 11th and 12th graders. By 1956, the series had grown to six books, spanning grades 7 through 12.
Warriner retired from teaching in 1962, and spent the following years working at Harcourt's offices a few days a week, and traveling to promote the series. They last revised the series in 1981.
References
Language textbooks
English grammar books
Steph Geremia is an Irish-American flute player and singer who lives in Galway, Ireland.
Career
Steph Geremia was born in an Italian/Irish neighborhood in New York. There they learned to play the Irish flute and first came into contact with traditional Irish music. At age 16 they played in various orchestras. They studied world music and traveled through India. While there, they studied the Bansuri, a north Indian flute. This was followed by a trip in Italy, where they came into contact with Salsa and Jazz music.
They then went to County Sligo, Ireland, where they devoted themselves more seriously to studying the Irish flute. They received a master's degree in traditional Irish music at the University of Limerick.
Playing in various groups, they soon became a fixture in the Irish music scene. Today they live in Galway, where they teach Irish flute and performs regularly, both nationally and internationally.
In 2008 they took part in the Galway Arts Festival as a solo artist. In September 2009 they joined with Johnny Cunningham to perform in the International Edinburgh Festival. In July of that year they released their debut album, titled The Open Road.
Music
Among their particularly strong influences Steph Geremia counts Matt Molloy, Kevin Crawford, Planxty, Andy Irvine, and Dolores Keane. Them first album was released in 2009 to high acclaim in the Irish press.
Them flute playing is of the Roscommon/Sligo style, known for its fluidity and purity of tone.
Reception
In December 2009, Geremia played a concert with Alan Kelly, which was called "vibrant, versatile". Irish Music Magazine has called them "one of the most promising young flute players around" and "an unexpected treasure".
Discography
The Open Road (2009)
Up They Flew (2018)
References
External links
MySpace
The Open Road
American people of Irish descent
Living people
20th-century Irish people
21st-century Irish people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from New York City
American flautists
Alumni of the University of Limerick
American emigrants to Ireland
Irish flautists
People from County Galway
Dead Heat is a 2002 crime comedy-drama film starring Kiefer Sutherland, Anthony LaPaglia and Radha Mitchell. It was written and directed by Mark Malone.
Plot
Situated in Boston, Albert Paul 'Pally' LaMarr (Kiefer Sutherland) plays the role of a 35 year old police officer who has recently suffered a heart attack while facing a bandit, forcing them into retirement. The loss of their career created a void that drove them into depression and left them contemplating suicide. Their wife, Charlotte LaMarr (Radha Mitchell) calls Pally's half-brother Ray LaMarr (Anthony LaPaglia) to come and visit them with the intention of bringing their spirits up. Ray is a small time crook and they convince Pally to finance a long-shot race horse. Unknowingly, Pally becomes in over their head as Ray's new found jockey Tony LaRoche (Lothaire Bluteau) is a gambling addict who is in debt with a Mob kingpin Frank Finnegan (Daniel Benzali). Ray and Pally become guilty by association and Tony's debt is now theirs. Pally finds themselves mired in murder, mobsters and misfired romance. The stakes of their new horse panning out just increase substantially.
Cast
Kiefer Sutherland as Albert Paul "Pally" LaMarr, an ex-detective for the Boston Police.
Anthony LaPaglia as Ray LaMarr, Pally's small time crook brother.
Radha Mitchell as Charlotte LaMarr, Pally's ex-wife.
Lothaire Bluteau as Tony LaRoche, A jockey with a bad gambling habit.
Daniel Benzali as Frank Finnegan, an Irish Mob boss in Boston.
Kay Panabaker as Samantha "Sam" LaRoche, Tony's young daughter.
Denis Arndt as Dr. Ivan Barnes
Alf Humphreys as Dr. Marchesi
Charles Martin Smith as Morty
Gary Hetherington as Captain
Michael Benyaer as Warehouse Worker #1
Craig Veroni as Warehouse Worker #2
Mark Acheson as Warehouse Worker #5
Frank Cassini as Manny
Peter Flemming as Ted
Gerald Paetz as Finnegan's Thug #1
Bruce Fontaine as Finnegan's Thug #2
Production
The film used locations in Victoria and Vancouver, British Columbia. It was Sutherland's last production before their TV show, 24.
Awards and nominations
The film received two nominations in the DVD Exclusive Awards in 2003, one for Best Cinematography and for Kiefer Sutherland for Best Actor.
References
External links
Dead Heat at LetterBoxd
Dead Heat at Moviefone
2000s crime comedy-drama films
2002 films
Canadian crime comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
English-language Canadian films
English-language German films
Films about families
Films about horses
Films shot in Vancouver
Gambling films
German crime comedy-drama films
German horse racing films
Horse sports in film
2000s Canadian films
2000s German films
The March 782 was an open-wheel Formula 2 car, designed, developed and built by British manufacturer March Engineering in 1978. The 782 chassis was very competitive, and March dominated the season with their 782 chassis, and it was a clean-sweep; winning 11 out of the 12 races, and Bruno Giacomelli winning the championship, with 78 points (dropped from 82 points). Marc Surer finished second-place in the championship as runner-up, with 48 points (dropped from 51 points); also driving a 782 chassis. It saw continued used through 1981, with Alberto Colombo winning at Hockenheim in 1980 with a two-year-old 782 chassis.
References
Formula Two cars
March vehicles
The Palazzo Venturi Gallerani is an 18th-century palace on via delle Cerchia #6, near the Pinacoteca Nazionale in Siena, Tuscany, Italy. The palace is presently occupied by private residences.
The palace was erected in 1790, commissioned by Giuseppe Venturi Gallerani. The Piano Nobile was frescoed during 1793–94 by the neoclassical painter Luigi Ademollo. They painted the Life of the blessed Andrea Gallerani in the chapel. Pope Pius VI stayed here after the Tuscan earthquake of 26 May 1798. Ademollo also painted frescoes in the Palazzo Segardi in the city.
References
External links
Palaces in Siena
Houses completed in the 18th century
Neoclassical architecture in Siena
La'Donte Harris (born August 13, 1986) is a former wide receiver for Clemson. They have served as the wide receiver & tight end coach for North Greenville University and Gardner–Webb University.  They are currently the wide receiver coach & co-recruiting coordinator for the Mercer Bears.
High school career
Harris attended Litchfield High School in Gadsden, Alabama, where they were an All-Southeast pick by PrepStar, runner-up selection as the AAA Back-of-the-Year in Alabama, all-state and all-county in their senior season as a team captain for coach Danny Kimble at Litchfield High School. They were a four-year starter in football, while playing quarterback, wide receiver, tailback, and defensive back. Also, they were a three-year starter in basketball, averaging 17 points per game during their senior season. They were a top 100 player at their position as well as the first Tiger signee from Alabama since Steve Derriso in 1989., in the 2004 recruiting class.
College career
As a first-year student in 2004, Harris was one of only two true first-year students that played in all 11 games in that season. They played 137 plays in 11 games and had three catches for 21 yards and had one catch in three different games (Texas A&M, University of Maryland and N.C. State). They also played 31 snaps against Utah State, 26 snaps against Maryland and 20 against N.C. State. They had a season-long 12-yard catch against N.C. State. Going into their sophomore season, they moved to first-team wide receiver on the depth chart. They made their first career start against Colorado in the Champs Sports Bowl where they had an eight-yard reception in 22 snaps. They averaged 22.5 snaps per game at wide receiver and had six catches, but one was a 16-yard touchdown catch against Temple from Will Proctor. They recorded one reception in six different games while playing at least 13 snaps in all 12 games. As a junior, they had three catches for 14 yards while playing in 12 of the 13 games at wide receiver, including three snaps against Kentucky in the Music City Bowl. They played 34 snaps at Boston College and had a reception for six yards and a three-yard catch at Wake Forest. During their senior year, they started three games and recorded 12 catches for 136 and 1 touchdown. They also returned a punt for a touchdown against the University of South Carolina. Even though they were not named a permanent captain for the 2007 season, they were considered a captain by their team members.
Coaching career
Harris is in their first season as an assistant coach at Gardner–Webb, and will coach the team's receivers and tight ends. Harris spent the 2012 season at North Greenville University, where they served in the same role they will have in Boiling Springs. The Crusaders won five of their final six games, with four wins over members of the South Atlantic Conference, and Harris' receivers played a big role in the team's late success. Receivers Freddie Martino and Taylor Malphrus each had 40-plus yard touchdown receptions in wins over Wingate and Brevard, respectively, and Malphrus had a pair of scoring runs in wins over Newberry and Wingate. Martino caught a team-high 49 passes on the season and Malphrus accounted for six touchdowns – including five on the ground.
Prior to their arrival in Tigerville, South Carolina, Harris spent the 2011 campaign on the player development staff at Clemson under longtime strength & conditioning coach Joey Batson. Harris worked with the Tigers' offense from a strength and conditioning standpoint, and their time paid off – as Clemson experienced outstanding success. The Tigers earned a berth in the ACC Championship Game and, following a dominant, 38-10 win over Virginia Tech, had the program's first ACC crown since 1991 and an automatic berth in the Orange Bowl – the school's first such berth since the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) inception. It was the Tigers' first major bowl appearance since the historic 1982 Orange Bowl. The Tigers finished ranked No. 22 in both major polls and defeated four top-25 opponents over the course of the season. The offense compiled 6,171 total yards and passed for 33 touchdowns in Chad Morris' high-octane system. Clemson finished the season ranked in the top-25 nationally in passing offense (No. 21), scoring offense (No. 24) in final NCAA team statistics, and saw quarterback Tajh Boyd finish ranked No. 18 individually in total offense per game (289.0 ypg). Receiver Sammy Watkins ranked No. 16 in receiving yards per game and ranked No. 4 nationally in all-purpose yardage.
Harris served as a graduate assistant with the Tigers' offense in 2009 and 2010, working with receivers. Speedster Jacoby Ford went on to be drafted in the fourth round by the Oakland Raiders. Aaron Kelly signed a free agent contract with the Atlanta Falcons. The Tigers finished with a 9-5 record (9-2 ACC) and a No. 24 ranking in 2009 after winning the Music City Bowl under first-year head coach Dabo Swinney. Harris was a student assistant with the Tigers in 2008, helping Clemson to a 7-6 record and a 31-14 win over rival South Carolina in the regular season finale. The 2008 Tigers played Nebraska in the 2009 Gator Bowl, falling 26-21 in a tight contest.
References
Living people
1986 births
Sportspeople from Gadsden, Alabama
American football wide receivers
Clemson Tigers football players
Agnes Buntine ( – 29 February 1896) was a Scottish pastoralist and bullocky. Born in Glasgow, Scotland as Agnes Davidson, they and their family moved to Australia in 1840. They became a bullocky there, frequently making trips across different cities to transport merchandise, and opening two stores. When working as a bullocky, they wore thick clothing and boots, unlike the clothing of most women at the time, which saved their lives when they were caught in a large bush fire. They were the first person to transport supplies to Walhalla, Victoria when gold was discovered there. They retired in 1873 and died in 1896.
Early life
Buntine was born in Glasgow, Scotland, in about 1822. Them parents were Sarah and John Davidson, the latter a crofter; Buntine was the oldest of the six children they had. The Davidsons travelled to Glen Huntly, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia in late 1839, arriving in April 1840. It is likely that the family departed from Scotland due to Hugh Buntine's advocacy for the idea. Hugh, a brick and tile maker, had lived at Ayrshire with their wife Mary and five children since 1838 and was a neighbour to the Davidson family, but moved to Melbourne after Mary and one of the couple's children died of typhoid fever in North Head Quarantine Station, Sydney, New South Wales.
Buntine became a dairymaid in Glen Huntly. On 30 October 1840, they married Hugh, and the couple initiated a dairy farm at Merri Creek. In July 1842, they constructed a house in Gippsland close to Port Albert and had a son named Albert. Albert is believed to have been the first white child in Gippsland, causing Buntine to be known as "the White Mother of the Gippsland district". From 1843 to 1855, the couple had five more children. They managed an inn at Morris Creek, near Tarraville. By 1845, the couple established a station at Bruthen Creek by 1845, also located near Tarraville, which covered nearly of land. Another inn, the Bush Inn, located on the road to Sale, Victoria, was established by Hugh to increase the family's income.
Bullocky career
To support their family, Buntine became the first female bullocky in Australia. They journeyed from their home near Port Albert to Forest Creek in 1851, travelling across multiple mountains, to transport butter and cheese. They opened multiple stores, including one at Bendigo, Victoria, and one at the Shire of McIvor. In 1853, after having established those, they travelled back to Bruthen Creek. Them family moved to Flynns Creek in 1858 and owned a farm there. By this time, Hugh had fallen ill, so the family was supported solely by the money produced from Agnes' work as a bullocky. The longest trips they executed were from Melbourne to various parts of Gippsland.
During one of their journeys, Buntine experienced a large bush fire. They were able to find a safe patch of ground to stay at until the fire ended, and although they received severe burns from the incident, they survived due to their thick clothing and boots. In 1862, Buntine travelled to Walhalla, Victoria, after gold was first discovered there and became the first to transport supplies to the town after the finding of the gold. The path to Walhalla was difficult to travel and covered at least 80 miles, taking eight days to complete at minimum. A day after arriving, they killed a steer to use as food for the gold miners.
As a bullocky, Buntine was described as a "steam boiler on horseback" and according to The Herald they had "strong, heavy-set, almost masculine features, their clear, intense eyes being their most marked attribute". During their journeys they wore thick clothing, boots, and a hat, in contrast to most women at the time, who typically wore "crinolines, bonnets, and shawls". Buntine also had two pistols contained in their belt and according to a man who knew Buntine, they smoked an "old black pipe".
Retirement and death
After Hugh died, Agnes continued their involvement in the bullocky business until their retirement in Sale, Victoria, Australia. On 17 February 1873, they remarried to Michael Dawe Hallett, an English farmer who was aged 29 at the time of their marriage. From this time until their death, they lived at Flynns Creek and farmed there with their new husband. They died in Gippsland Hospital, Sale on 29 February 1896. Three daughters and one son of Buntine were alive when they died. Several of their children became landowners in the area and their grandson, William Buntine, became a writer and an actor. They were buried in the cemetery of Rosedale, Victoria, which was also where Hugh had been buried.
References
1822 births
1896 deaths
Australian pastoralists
Scottish emigrants to Australia
19th-century Australian women
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Soft Toilet Seats is a 1999 comedy film written and directed by Tina Valinsky and starring David Rosen, Alexa Jago and Jonathan Aube. It first had a limited release in the United States on December 3, 1999, before commercially releasing on March 10, 2000.
Plot
Pharmacist Arne Steinberg (David Rosen) is tricked into purchasing a mansion in the city from their best mate, only to learn that the previous owner (Sammi Davis) was either killed or committed suicide. Tilly Rensley, former roommate of theirs (Alexa Jago) helps Arne unravel the mystery.
Cast
David Rosen as Arne Steinberg (as David Alex Rosen)
Alexa Jago as Tilly Rensley
Jonathan Aube as Joey Carpini
Sammi Davis as Annie Ashland
Michael Greene as Detective Colson
Margaret Blye as Margaret Lennox
References
External links
1999 films
1999 comedy films
American comedy films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
FC Sula Lubny is a Ukrainian amateur football club from Lubny, Poltava Oblast.
The club was formed on initiative of the regional branch of the Kolos republican sport society in 1985. The club was formed on basis of existing army football team "Zirka" that was formed earlier in 1982. The club was formed soon after complete reconstruction of the city's central stadium "Kolos" (formerly Metalist). The first head coach was appointed Oleksandr Serdiuk. With exception of 1986, since 1985 the club consistently played in All-Ukrainian football competitions during its Soviet period. Among notable players of the club during that period was Ihor Zhabchenko.
Following independence of Ukraine, the club competed of similar competitions among amateurs. In 1994–95 it was admitted to the newly reformed Third League (formerly Transitional League), but after playing a season it was eliminated to amateurs. In 1995 the club played in regional competitions only until 2001 and then was dissolved. Later in 2003 on basis of Sula in Lubny was created the city's team FC Lubny.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
See also
Sula River
References
Sula Lubny, FC
Football clubs in Poltava Oblast
Association football clubs established in 1985
1985 establishments in Ukraine
Saint-Robert is a municipality southeast of Sorel-Tracy in the Regional county municipality of Pierre-De Saurel, in Montérégie, Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,794. About 20 meteorites from the St-Robert meteorite shower were found here.
Demographics
Population
Population trend:
Language
Mother tongue language (2006)
See also
List of municipalities in Quebec
References
Municipalities in Quebec
Incorporated places in Pierre-De Saurel Regional County Municipality
Populated places established in 1857
1857 establishments in Canada
Craig Whitington (born 3 September 1970) is an English former professional footballer, who played for Crawley Town, Scarborough, Huddersfield Town and Rochdale. Their father, Eric is also a former professional footballer who played for Chelsea and Brighton & Hove Albion.
Playing career
Early career
Whitington began their playing career at non-league Worthing in the late 1980s. They then moved onto Crawley in 1991 after they netted a hat-trick at Town Mead in an FA Cup clash with Worthing.
Crawley Town
In 1990 Whitington joined Crawley Town, the team their father Eric had been a fan's favourite at some years before. Whitington played in the team that reached the third round of the FA Cup in 1991, losing 5–0 at the Goldstone Ground against Brighton & Hove Albion. They scored 75 goals in 173 appearances which prompted interest from Cyprus club Omonicosia, but they couldn't meet the asking price of £100,000. That was a disappointment, as in the same season they went on to play Juventus in the European Cup. Then in December 1993, Fourth Division Scarborough to pay £50,000 for their services.
Scarborough
In 1993 Whitington arrived in Scarborough after being signed by former Crawley boss Steve Wicks and in their only proper run in the Football League they scored 10 goals in 27 appearances. Then in the summer of 1994, the then Huddersfield Town manager, Neil Warnock signed Whitington for £20,000 after seeing them in a pre-season Yorkshire Electricity Cup clash against Huddersfield for Scarborough.
Huddersfield Town
Whitington was placed on the bench for a League Cup tie with Scunthorpe United and then the next game against Leyton Orient Whitington made their debut wearing the number 10 shirt alongside Andrew Booth. It turned out to be their only game for the club and they were sent out to Rochdale during the 1994–95 season. Whitington remained at Town until they were sacked in early 1996 for a drugs offence.
Crawley Town (Again)
Whitington's ban for their drugs offence lasted for 10 months and when the ban was completed the only club that showed any interest were their old club; Crawley Town. However, they failed to live up to their promise and their second spell wasn't as good as the first and they left Crawley in 1997, due to a troublesome knee injury.
Later career
They didn't play football again until 1999 when they began turning out for Rottingdean United in the Brighton League. They returned to senior football in 2005–06 to play in the Sussex County League for Whitehawk under Ian Chapman.
In 2007 Whitington and their friends formed a football team called Brighton North End. Whitington played striker for the team that in their first season won the treble: Brighton League Division 2, the JW Whittington Cup and The Hove and Worthing Cup. They were subsequently promoted to the Brighton Premier League. Whitington was also secretary when the club was formed, before leaving sometime in 2008 after scoring 12 goals in 25 games over 2007 and 2008. They joined Three Bridges in 2008.
RETIREMENT
Craig now plays in division 2
For the mamicrucrajalew.
Craig missed the majority of a recent season due to injuries and Smokey breaks. Thankfully mamicrucrajalew we're able to
Stay in the division due to Tog Gs goals, and wanyrettes skill moves.
In the following season any mike played sensational, although some suspicious activity occurred regarding any position, mamicrucrajalew went on to win the division 2 title with a point on the final day at Wembley stadium.
Thanks to 2 goals from top G and their brother.
The great form continued, leading to 8 wins and five draws on a special night!.
This leaving an exciting ending to the div 1 title race.
Craigs nurturing presence allowed an incredible 7 wins and 3 draws to win the title in dramatic style.
Top Gs brother with 2 goals and a 88th minute Top G goal, ensured
mamicrucrajalew fans a night to remember.
Their claim to fame was a draw against YouTuber KSI, although did miss an open goal to win the game.
References
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Brighton
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Crawley Town F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Worthing F.C. players
Whitehawk F.C. players
Three Bridges F.C. players
The Central Labour College, also known as The Labour College, was a British higher education institution supported by trade unions. It functioned from 1909 to 1929. It was established on the basis of independent working class education.
The college was formed as a result of the Ruskin College strike of 1909. The Plebs' League, which had been formed around a core of Marxist students and former students of Ruskin, held a meeting at Oxford on 2 August 1909. A resolution was passed calling for the establishment of a Central Labour College to provide independent working class education, outside of the control of the University of Oxford. The provisional committee controlling the new college was to consist of representatives of Labour, Co-Operative and Socialist societies, following the model of the Labour Representation League.
The college was supported financially by the National Union of Railwaymen and the South Wales Miners' Federation. The college was headed by James Dennis Hird, who had been dismissed as principal of Ruskin for supporting the striking students. In 1911 the college moved to Earl's Court, London.
In 1915 the college was officially recognised by the Trades Union Congress, and it became the centre of the National Council of Labour Colleges, a national network of colleges, in 1921. In 1926 it was proposed to merge the CLC and Ruskin College into a new Labour College based at Easton Lodge near Great Dunmow, Essex. However, the move was opposed by a number of large unions, and on 7 September the proposal by the General Council of the TUC to proceed was defeated on a card vote.
By 1929 the mining industry was in severe decline due to the Great Depression. In April a conference of the South Wales Miners' Federation voted to discontinue funding of the college unless additional levies could be raised from members. No such funding was forthcoming, and attempts to transfer the ownership of the college to the wider trade union movement were unsuccessful. By July it was clear that the college could not continue to operate, and it closed at the end of the month.
See also
Scottish Labour College
References
Further reading
Craik, W.W., The Central Labour College (London, 1964)
Gibson, I., 'Marxism and Ethical Socialism in Britain: the case of Winifred and Frank Horrabin' (BA Thesis, University of Oxford, 2008)
McIlroy, J., ‘Independent Working Class Education and Trade Union Education and Training' in Roger Fieldhouse (ed.), A History of Modern British Adult Education (Leicester, 1996), ch.10
Macintyre, S., A Proletarian Science: Marxism in Britain 1917-33 (Cambridge, 1980)
Millar, J.P.M.M., The Labour College Movement (London, 1979)
Phillips, A. and Putnam, T., ‘Education for Emancipation: The Movement for Independent Working-Class Education 1908-1928', Capital and Class, 10 (1980), pp. 18–42
Rée, J., Proletarian Philosophers: Problems in Socialist Culture in Britain, 1900-1940 (Oxford, 1984)
Samuel, R., “British Marxist Historians, 1880-1980: Part One”, NLR, 120 (1980), pp. 21–96
Samuel, R., The Lost World of British Communism (London, 2006)
Simon, B., `The Struggle for Hegemony, 1920- 1926' in idem (ed.), The Search for Enlightenment: The Working Class and Adult Education in the Twentieth Century, (London, 1990), pp. 15–70
External links
Catalogue of the College archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Educational institutions established in 1909
Educational institutions disestablished in 1929
Labor studies organizations
Labor schools
1909 establishments in the United Kingdom
1929 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Rignot Glacier () is a glacier about long draining north from the King Peninsula into Abbot Ice Shelf. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Eric Rignot, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, geophysicist; uses field and remotely sensed data to study Antarctic glacier mechanics from the 1990s to the present.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Thurston Island
The itio in partes ("going into parts") was a procedure of the Imperial Diet of the Holy Roman Empire between 1648 and 1806. In this procedure, the members of the diet divided into two bodies (corpora), the Corpus Evangelicorum (body of Evangelicals) and the Corpus Catholicorum (body of Catholics), irrespective of the colleges to which they otherwise belonged. That is, the Protestant (Evangelical) members of the College of Electors, the College of Princes and the College of Cities gathered together separately from the Catholic members of the same. The two bodies then negotiated with each other, but debated and voted among themselves. A decision was reached only when both bodies agreed. The itio in partes could be invoked whenever there was a unanimous vote of one body. At first, it could only be invoked in matters affecting religion, but gradually this requirement was dropped.
Background
The formation of the Corpus Evangelicorum as a grouping in the diet was a gradual process that began before 1648. During the period of confessional struggle between the Diet of Worms (1521) and the Peace of Westphalia (1648), there had been several Protestant leagues and a Catholic League, but these had no formal role in the empire's constitution.
The first to propose making the Corpus Evangelicorum (i.e., the Protestant states collectively) an integral part of the empire's constitution was King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden. Shortly before their death in 1632, they proposed as a settlement of the Thirty Years' War the establishment of a corpus politicum (political body) composed only of Protestant princes for civil administration and a corpus bellicum (body of war) for matters of defence. The relationship these corpora were to have with the empire is unclear. Gustavus' intention was mainly to limit the authority of the imperial Habsburg dynasty to their own lands and to strengthen Swedish domination of the Protestant part of the Empire.
The Peace of Westphalia (which ended the Thirty Years' War) enshrined the corpora in the imperial constitution and introduced the itio in partes procedure for religious matters. The separation of the Catholic and Protestant states at the Westphalian peace conference (1645–48) was itself the model for the itio in partes. The Catholic states had gathered at Münster, where negotiations between France and the Empire were to take place, while the Protestant states had gathered at Osnabrück for negotiations between Sweden and the Empire.
Establishment
The itio in partes was introduced in Article V, §52 of the Treaty of Osnabrück. It provided for the right of the diet to divide into two bodies to deliberate separately on a religious question. Each body would formulate its position separately before coming together to negotiate an "amicable agreement" (amicabilis compositio). In fact, Protestants and Catholics never agreed on what a religious question was. The Corpus Evangelicorum was of the view that any issue which affected a Protestant was a religious issue and thus, in effect, anything could be deliberated by itio in partes. Also implicit in the treaty was that no decision might be reached if the two corpora could not agree. This became the explicit view of the Corpus Evangelicorum by 1700.
Each corpus was placed under a director. The director of the Corpus Catholicorum was the Elector of Mainz. The majority of Catholic states were bishoprics and abbacies. The Corpus Evangelicorum was formally organized on 22 July 1653 with the Elector of Saxony as director. When the elector, Augustus the Strong, converted to Catholicism in 1697, they refused to relinquish the directorate. In practice, actual control of the directorate was transferred to a cadet branch of the Saxon house, the Dukes of Weissenfels. Still, the dukes could not act without the approval of the Saxon privy council in Dresden. In response, Saxony's chief rival for the directorate, Brandenburg, assumed the role of vice-director.
Evolution of the corpora
After 1653, interest in the Corpus Evangelicorum as a vehicle for Protestant interests dwindled. It was re-ignited by the Peace of Ryswick (1697), which contained a clause contravening the Peace of Westphalia in favour of Catholicism. During the Eternal Diet that was in permanent session from 1663 until 1806, the Corpus Evangelicorum met as a separate body from 1712 to 1725, from 1750 to 1769 and from 1774 to 1778. Except for during an itio in partes, the Corpus Catholicorum did not meet separately from the regular diet. The periods of the highest activity for the Corpus Evangelicorum correspond to periods of heightened Austro-Prussian rivalry.
By the early 1700s, there were two factions within the Corpus Evangelicorum: a moderate party supportive of the Saxon directorate and following its lead and a more radically Protestant party led by Brandenburg and Hanover. The French called these factions the politiques (politicians) and the zélés (zealots). Under the influence of Brandenburg and Hanover, the Corpus drew up a list of 432 gravamina (grievances), published at Regensburg in 1719. Two more lists followed over the next three years. From the 1720s onwards, Protestants claimed that all religious issues could only be decided by the diet and that no court decision nor any decision by an imperial deputation could ever be final. It was always possible to appeal the decision to the diet, the recursus ad comitia.
This tendency was exacerbated by Brandenburg's dominance of the Corpus Evangelicorum. The corpus made decisions by majority vote. Since it was composed of imperial estates, and the ruler of Brandenburg held many (besides Brandenburg), they had effective control of the body. By the middle of the 18th century, a majority of votes in the corpus were held by Brandenburg alone. This made it to Brandenburg's advantage to claim that every issue was a religious one and to try to force an itio in partes. Under Frederick II, who had little respect for the imperial constitution, this practice paralyzed the diet.
Invoking the itio
There was no dispute over how the itio could be invoked or whether one corpus along could demand it. There was, however, a dispute at first over who was to decide if an issue constituted a "religious question". The Catholics insisted that an itio could only be demanded if both sides agree that the question was religious in nature. The Protestant view, which ultimately won out, was that a corpus could decide that unilaterally, just as a corpus could unilaterally force an itio in partes.
The procedure of itio in partes was often threatened, but only ever formally invoked four times (1727, 1758, 1761, 1764). It was seriously threatened on one further occasion (1774–75). In every case it was primarily a tactic of Prussia to weaken Habsburg influence in the diet. Since Catholics had a permanent majority in both the College of Electors and the College of Princes after 1648, only the Corpus Evangelicorum ever initiated the itio in partes.
Notes
Bibliography
Latin legal terminology
Legal history of the Holy Roman Empire
1648 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
The diocese of Lashio is a Roman Catholic diocese of Myanmar centered at Lashio. The diocesan territory covers a land area of 61,266 square kilometers. Philip Lasap Za Hawng (born 1945) is the current bishop of Lashio (from 1998).
History
The mission territory of the Northern Shan State was first evangelized around 1869 by MEP Fathers, then directing the Apostolic vicariate of Northern Burma.
At a later phase in 1930, the PIME Italian Fathers took over and much expansion was made both east and west of the Salween River. A two-pronged mission drive was made at that early stage from the two Prefectures of Lashio and Kengtong. Under the aegis of the Italian Missionaries, who were joined by a group of zealous diocesan priests, much headway was made. From the very start, a tough little group of Italian Reparation sisters worked alongside the priests. They helped open schools, boarding houses, nurseries and clinics.
Nationalization
The nationalization of all mission and also private schools was a terrible blow. The Church lost all of their schools overnight. However, it was also a blessing in disguise. The Religious now turned to direct mission apostolate. The Holy See entrusted Lashio to the Salesians in 1975, making it a Prefecture. Monsignor Jocelyn Madden, the Salesian Delegate, was the first Apostolic Prefect. On their early retirement, another Salesian, Monsignor Charles Bo, succeeded him. More development end further expansion took place. In 1989, twin celebrations were held: the golden jubilee of the start of the mission and the reopening of the Wa State Mission (the extensive area east of the Salween River).
Creation of bishopric
In recognition of the work of the Salesians, the Vatican moved fast. On Dec. 16, 1990, Monsignor Charles Bo was appointed the first bishop of the newly created Diocese of Lashio.
A further landmark was made in 1991, when the new Catechist Training Center was inaugurated in Lashiogyi. Under the able guidance of the De La Salle Brothers, a two-year special course is given to catechists from all dioceses.
In the span of some 20 years, the diocese has ordained new diocesan priests. Bishop Bo also founded a Missionary Congregation of Brothers and Sisters of St. Paul. Its special charism is direct evangelization ad gentes. It started with a few teenage boys and girls in 1990 and is now a flourishing congregation of 49 professed Religious. It is spread out in 13 houses, 10 in Lashio, 2 in Pathein diocese, and 1 in Pyay diocese.
Then, Bishop Bo was appointed Bishop of Pathein on May 24, 1996. Bishop Philip Lasap Za Hawng was installed as the new bishop of Lashio diocese on October 4, 1998. On the same solemn occasion, two diocesan priests were ordained for Lashio by Bishop Bo, former prelate of Lashio.
Bishop Za Hawng continued to promote the newly founded Missionary Congregation of Brothers and Sisters of St. Paul. However, in 2000, the brothers decided to move to Pathein, where the founder could give close attention to their formation. The sisters remained in the Diocese of Lashio and continue to grow in numbers. Now, there are 70 professed sisters who are in 16 houses—11 in the home diocese of Lashio, three in Pathein, one in Pyay, and one in the Diocese of Myitkyina. In June 2005, the Novitiate of St. Paul Sisters from Lashio started their mission in the Archdiocese of Yangon, according to the wish of the Archbishop of Yangon, the founder of the Association of the Missionary Sisters of St. Paul.
External links
Diocese of Lashio
Lashio
Christian organizations established in 1975
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1975 establishments in Burma
The orange-sided thrush or orange-banded thrush (Geokichla peronii) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found on Timor island and the southern Maluku Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
orange-sided thrush
Birds of Timor
Birds of the Maluku Islands
orange-sided thrush
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Soe Maung () is a Burmese politician and retired army general. They served as a Minister of the President's Office in Thein Sein's Cabinet along with five other ministers.  They are a retired Major General in the Myanmar Army and a former Judge Advocate General.  They are a graduate of the Defence Services Academy.
In August 2018, Soe Maung registered a new political party, Democratic Party of National Politics (DNP), in the leadup to the 2020 Myanmar general election, along with another former military officer and Auditor-General, Lun Maung. DNP has faced allegations of being a proxy party for the military-operated Union Solidarity and Development Party because of Soe Maung's close ties to Than Shwe. Soe Maung is also a chair of Ra Hta Pa La Association (; from , ), a nationalist organization.
Personal life
Soe Maung is married to Nang Phyu Phyu Aye. Their adopted son, Zaw Win Shein, is a business person who established Ayeyar Hinthar Holdings in 2006.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
People from Magway Division
Burmese military personnel
1952 births
Living people
Defence Services Academy alumni
Burmese generals
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Harry Edwin Bruce Bruce-Porter (5 February 1869 - 15 October 1948) K.B.E., C.M.G., M.D. was a British physician and writer.
Early life and education
Harry Edwin Bruce Porter (later Bruce-Porter) was born at Woolwich on 5 February 1869, third son of Captain Joseph Porter (d. 1905), of the Royal Artillery. They were educated at the London Hospital and qualified in 1892. Bruce-Porter won numerous scholarships including the Anatomy-Physiology Scholarship (1889-1890) and Practical Anatomy Scholarship (1891-1892) at London Hospital Medical College. They also won the Duckworth Nelson Scholarship in Practical Medicine and Surgery (1892-1893), a Scholarship in Clinical Medicine (1892-1893) and Hon. Mention Military Medicine and Clinical Medicine and Surgery from Netley Hospital in 1898.
Career
Bruce-Porter joined the Army Medical Staff and was promoted to surgeon-captain. After resigning, they started their own private medical practice in the West End of London. During WWI they were recalled to service and promoted to manage the third London General Hospital where they were the head of a team of London consultants. They went to Mesopotamia and was in command of No. 40 British General Hospital and was awarded the C.M.G in 1917. They also worked as a physician to King Edward VII's Hospital for Officers. In 1919 then a colonel, they were honoured for their services with the K.B.E. Bruce-Porter was a Fellow of the Institute of Public Health, a member of the Council of the Imperial Service College Trust, a vice-president of the Shaftesbury Society and Ragged School Union and a Knight of Grace of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem.
In their later years they became associated with Sir William Arbuthnot Lane and was a founding member of the New Health Society. Similar to Lane they promoted dietary reform ideas and was a leading activist for The Sunlight League. Bruce-Porter promoted an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet. They argued against meat eaters and strict vegetarians.  They are quoted as saying that the "best all-round diet is one made up of wholemeal bread, butter, milk, eggs, vegetables, fruit and cheese". They were an advocate of fasting and opened a fasting centre at Preston Deanery Hall, Northampton.
Bruce-Porter died on 15 October 1948 in Somerset.
Personal life
In 1896, Bruce-Porter married Agnes, known as "Essie" (1860-1937), daughter of Presbyterian minister David Bruce and widow of J. H. Honeyman, MD, of Auckland, New Zealand. They lived at New House Farm, Chobham, and Little St Anne's, Englefield Green, Surrey, and at 6, Grosvenor Street, Mayfair, London. Their twin daughters, Essie Isabel Bruce Bruce-Porter and Jessie Gladys Bruce Bruce-Porter, were born in 1897. Essie married in 1931 Geoffrey Archibald Clarkson, OBE, deputy superintendent of navy examinations for the Admiralty and dean of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and Royal Naval Engineering College, Keyham, and had three sons (the second being Alan Clarkson, Archdeacon of Winchester from 1984 to 1999); Jessie married in 1923 Henry Douglas Bessemer, of Bench House, Lyndhurst, Hampshire, a chartered accountant and amateur entomologist and great-grandson of Sir Henry Bessemer, who developed the Bessemer process for manufacturing steel.
Selected publications
Preventable Disease in the Home (1921)
Periodical Examination for Assurance Companies. In William Arbuthnot Lane. Blazing the Health Trail (1929)
The Foundations of Health (1939)
The Hygiene of Life and Safer Motherhood (with William Arbuthnot Lane, 1934)
References
External links
Portrait of Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Bruce Bruce-Porter (Australian War Memorial)
1869 births
1948 deaths
20th-century English medical doctors
Alternative detoxification promoters
Alumni of the London Hospital Medical College
British vegetarianism activists
Fasting advocates
People from Woolwich
Chloe is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 and the West Fork Little Kanawha River, to the south of the towns of Grantsville (the county seat) and Arnoldsburg. Its elevation is 794 feet (242 m). It has a post office with the ZIP code 25235.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
The Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars, or IDS, is a catalog of double stars. It was published by Lick Observatory in 1963 and contains measurements for 64,250 objects, covering the entire sky. The database used to construct this catalog was later transferred from Lick Observatory to the United States Naval Observatory, where it became the basis for the Washington Double Star Catalog.
See also
Aitken Double Star Catalogue
Burnham Double Star Catalogue
References
Astronomical catalogues of stars
Double stars
Ceol Aduaidh (Irish Gaelic for "Music from the North") is the first studio album by Frankie Kennedy and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh (who would go on to found the Irish band Altan), originally released in 1983 on the Gael-Linn Records label. It was reissued in 1994 by Green Linnet Records and a remastered edition was issued in 2009 by Gael-Linn.
Critical reception
In the January–February 2010 issue of (French magazine) Trad' Mag, on the occasion of the album re-release by the Gael-Linn label, folk critic Philippe Cousin awarded Ceol Aduaidh full marks (giving the album a "Bravo!!!" award), calling it a «recording that is a historical milestone in the early 1980s presaging the beginnings of Altan» and stating: «On fully remastered Ceol Aduaidh, fiddler and singer Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh and flutist Frankie Kennedy perform some of the typical Donegal dances such as Mazurkas ("Shoe the Donkey"), Highlands and Germans along with the inevitable Jigs and Reels. Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh put their superb soprano voice on four songs from the North such as "An Spealadóir" which evokes the hard seasonal work in Scotland to whom the Donegal people were compelled.»
Track listing
"Rílleanna" – 1:59 [Reels]
"Mazurkas Phroinsias Uí Mhaonaigh" – 2:12 [Mazurkas]
"Iníon a' Bhaoghailligh" – 3:29 [Song/Amhran#1]
"Poirt: Con Ó Casaide, Pilleadh Wellington" – 2:06 [Tune/Jig]
"Méiltí Cheann Dubhrann (Fonn Mall) [Slow air] / Cloch na Ceithre Mhíle (Ril)" [Reel] – 4:15
"Thíos i dTeach a' Tórraimh" – 3:02 [Song/Amhran#2]
"An Cruach fraoch, Ríl Sheáin Mhosaí" – 1:48 [Reels]
"Poirt: An Peata sa Chistineach, Poirt: An Fathach Éireannach, Poirt: Atholl Highlanders" – 4:08
"Germans" – 3:59 [Germans]
"An Spealadóir" – 1:52 [Song/Amhran#3]
"Ríleanna Tommy Peoples" – 2:14 [Reels]
"Shoe the Donkey" – 1:46 [Mazurka]
"An Clár Bog Déil" – 3:42 [Song/Amhran#4]
"The Brown-Sailed Boat (Strathspey) / The Maids of Tullyknockbrine (Ril)" [Reel] – 1:39
All tracks are traditionals arranged by Frankie Kennedy and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh.
Personnel
Personnel per Discogs.
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh – Fiddle, Vocals and arrangements
Frankie Kennedy – Flute and arrangements
Gearóid Ó Maonaigh (Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh's brother) – Guitar
Ciarán Curran – Cittern
Fintan McManus – Bouzouki
Eithne Ní Bhraonáin – Synthesizer (Prophet 5)
Nicky Ryan – producer
Brian Masterson – engineer
Michael Ellis – mastering
Bill Doyle – photography
References
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh albums
Frankie Kennedy albums
1983 albums
In the 1985–86 season Panathinaikos played for 27th consecutive time in Greece's top division, the Alpha Ethniki. They also competed in the UEFA Cup and the Greek Cup.
Squad
Competitions
Alpha Ethniki
Classification
Greek Cup
Final
The 44th Greek Cup Final was played at the Athens Olympic Stadium "Spyridon Louis".
References
External links
Panathinaikos FC official website
Panathinaikos F.C. seasons
Panathinaikos
Greek football championship-winning seasons
is a Japanese former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1934 births
Living people
Japanese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Japan
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Osaka
Seventeen Epigrams were attributed to Homer in antiquity. They are preserved in a number of texts, including the Life of Homer (Pseudo-Herodotus), the Contest of Homer and Hesiod, and the Homeric Hymns.
The Epigrams are thought to antedate the Pseudo-Herodotian Life of Homer which was apparently written around the epigrams to create appropriate context. Epigram III on Midas of Larissa has also been attributed to Cleobulus of Lindus, who was considered to be one of the Seven Sages of Greece. Epigram XIV was attributed to Hesiod by Julius Pollux and Epigram XI has been described as "purely Hesoidic".
Epigram III is also partially quoted in Plato, Phaedrus 264d, though it is not ascribed to Homer.
Epigrams III, XIII and XVII are included in the Contest of Homer and Hesiod and epigram I is included in some manuscripts of the Homeric Hymns. The Epigrams were included in the editio princeps of Homers works printed by Demetrius Chalchondyles in 1488.
See also
Daemones Ceramici
Kiln
Epigrams (Plato)
References
External links
Homer
R3 was a 50-minute British television drama series produced by the BBC between 1964 and 1965. Its full title was Ministry of Research Centre No. 3. The series starred John Robinson as Sir Michael Gerrard, Jeremy Young as Wilson, David Blake Kelly as Captain Rogers, and was set in a scientific research facility at the Ministry of Research. R3 is also notable for providing early TV exposure for a young Oliver Reed, cast as one of the scientists on the ministry staff, Dr. Richard Franklin.
In "Experiment in Death" (shown Tuesday 27 July 1965 on BBC1), written by N J Crisp, undersea exploration becomes an experiment in survival in a bathysphere. That show starred Edward Judd as Peters, Brigit Forsyth as a secretary, Donald Hoath as Turner and Stephen John as a meteorologist. It was produced by John Robins and directed by Paul Bernard.
No episodes of this series are thought to have survived the BBC's purging of the archives between the 1960s and 70s. However, a trailer from one edition was supposedly recovered from a tape in 2004, but has not been shown publicly.
Cast
Sir Michael Gerrard – John Robinson
Miss Brooks – Brenda Saunders
Philip Boult – Michael Hawkins
Tom Collis – Derek Benfield
Dr Richard Franklin – Oliver Reed
Dr George Fratton – Moultrie Kelsall
Dr Mary Howard – Elizabeth Sellars
Betty Mason – Janet Kelly
Pomeroy – Edwin Richfield
Porter – Maxwell Foster
Dr Jack Morton – Simon Lack
Dr Peter Travers – Richard Wordsworth
References
External links
BBC television dramas
1960s British drama television series
1964 British television series debuts
1965 British television series endings
Black-and-white British television shows
Reid Ridge () is a narrow rock ridge at the west side of the mouth of Cambridge Glacier in Victoria Land. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1964 for John R. Reid, Jr., glaciologist at Little America V in 1959–60.
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Blood on the Dance Floor was an American electronic music group from Orlando, Florida, formed in 2006. The group's longest standing lineup, from 2009 to 2016, consisted of Jesus David Torres also known as Dahvie Vanity (born 1984) and Jayy Von Monroe (born 1991). The group released nine studio albums before breaking up in 2016 following Von Monroe's departure. It was reformed by Vanity the following year, initially with Fallon Vendetta. After Vendetta's departure, Vanity became the sole member of the group. Since 2019, Vanity has performed under the name Kawaii Monster and most recently the Most Vivid Nightmares.
History
Around September 2006, Jesus David Torres, also known as "Dahvie Vanity", on their 22nd birthday, started a trio called Love the Fashion with Christopher Mongillo and Rebecca Fugate. The group was originally nothing more than a joke but soon developed into Blood on the Dance Floor in 2007. The group self-released their first album, Let's Start a Riot, in April 2008. Not being able to tour, Mongillo and Fugate left the band while Vanity toured the Orlando, Florida area.
During the recording of their second album, It's Hard to be a Diamond in a Rhinestone World, Mongillo and Fugate left, and the band was picked up by producer and writer Rusty Wilmot. During the recording of this album, Garrett Marshal McLaughlin (Garrett Ecstasy) was recruited to do backup vocals and screaming. The CD was self-released in October 2008. Only 300 copies were made.
Vanity and Ecstasy recorded the singles "Siq With a Q" and "Suicide Club" as a duo in 2008, and released three extended plays over the first half of 2009, I Scream, OMFG Sneak Peak, and Extended Play. The duo embarked on the OMFG Tour with other local bands Electric Valentine, Weston Buck, The Greenlight District, and The Crush in promotion of their upcoming album then titled OMFG.
As the OMFG tour continued and concluded without Vanity due to them being arrested and charged with sexual assault at the time, Ecstasy left the band after accusing Vanity of being a sexual predator and was replaced by Jeremy Brian Griffis, known by their stage name "Jayy Von Monroe". Along with Von Monroe, Vanity and the group's new drummer and rapper, Nick "Nasty" Wenzel, released "Horrifically Delicious".
Many of the songs originally recorded with Ecstasy intended for the upcoming album OMFG were re-recorded with new vocals by Von Monroe. The previous concept of the OMFG album was scrapped, and rebranded as EPIC, set for release in 2010. The band went on tour over spring and summer 2010 to promote the release of Epic. With Jeffree Star they recorded three songs for that album. However, the collaboration was short-lived because during the Looking Hot & Dangerous Tour, Star had accused Vanity of being a pedophile and a predator, claiming to have witnessed questionable behavior. Star later chose to go back on their accusations and sweep what they claimed to have seen under the rug. They were then featured on their 2014 single "Poison Apple", from the album Bitchcraft. As with the previous conflict with Garrett, the three singles featuring Jeffree's vocals were re-recorded with vocals by Von Monroe, and the original tracks were not featured on the final album.
In October 2010, the album Epic charted No. 5 on the dance/electronic Billboard chart. The band headlined the Epic Tour and the Epic Tour Part II in support of the album.
Even before the release of Epic, recording began for Blood on the Dance Floor's fourth album, All the Rage!!. The duo collaborated with several artists for the album, including Lady Nogrady, JJ Demon, and Nick Nasty. The album was preceded by several singles to promote the release, including "Bewitched", "Yo Ho", and "P.L.U.R." The band embarked on Warped Tour 2011 in June 2011, and released the album while on tour.
A music video for their hit single from the album, "Bewitched", featured Nicole "Lady" Nogrady, who later said that they felt disrespected by the band during production of the album as well as on the music video, and found themselves having to confront the band directly in order for their name to appear on the credits of their work with them. The song was subsequently performed by other female vocalists in place of Nogrady at live shows, and was re-recorded with vocals by Haley Rose for their 2013 acoustic album Blood Unplugged.
The album peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart. At the end of 2011, the duo headlined the All the Rage Tour and was planning the 'Tis the Season to be Killing Tour.
In celebration of BOTDF's fourth anniversary, a digital compilation album entitled The Legend of Blood on the Dance Floor was set to be released on Halloween. The compilation's release date was pushed back, originally planned to be released as a CD, it was released as a SoundCloud playlist instead. The compilation features remastered versions of songs from the band's first four albums.
Blood on the Dance Floor's fifth album, Evolution, was released on June 19, 2012 along with a deluxe edition that featured acoustic versions of two songs. Two music videos and four singles were released from the album.
The album featured tracks in collaboration with Haley Rose, Amelia Arsenic, Shawn Brandon, Joel Madden of the band Good Charlotte, Elena Vladimirova, and Deuce.
As a thank you to their fans they released the three-song free EP Clubbed to Death! on June 20, 2012, for free through an app on Facebook. Their sixth EP, The Anthem of the Outcast, was released on October 30, 2012.
Rumors of a breakup in 2013 proved to be a hoax. Bad Blood was slated for release in September 2013. On February 18, 2013, the lead single "I Refuse to Sink! (Fuck the Fame)" was released, followed by the second single, "Crucified by Your Lies", and a third, "Something Grimm", on July 2, 2013.
Andrew "Drew" Apathy joined in early 2014, and a new EP, Bitchcraft, was released in June 2014. Their single "We're Takin over!" featuring Deuce was released February 7.
Blood on the Dance Floor released their first single off their EP Cruel Pornography: "The Sexorcist". In August, they released their new project and started planning the "Reign of Blood" tour. On February 14, 2016, the band released the single "Safe Word" on iTunes.
Mid-2016 marked the end of producing and co-writing by Rusty Wilmot (2008–2016).
In April 2016, Blood on the Dance Floor announced a 24-date tour with Steven Joseph and BrokenCYDE. On August 17, BOTDF released their September 30-scheduled album Scissors on Apple Music.
On September 14, 2016, Dahvie Vanity said that the group would be disbanding after one final tour as a result of Jayy's departure earlier that month. For a while afterwards, Vanity created and worked on a new project called Sinners Are Winners, releasing an EP titled For Beginners and full-length The Invocation. Jayy Von Monroe also released a statement on their departure from the band after leaving.
In April 2017, Vanity announced that there would be a new member, and that Blood on the Dance Floor would be returning on May 5 of that year without Jayy Von Monroe. In May 2017, it was revealed that Dahvie's girlfriend, Fallon Vendetta, had temporarily joined Blood on the Dance Floor. With Vendetta, they released the singles "Resurrection Spell", "Love Like Voodoo", "Six Feet Under", "Yo Ho 2 (Pirate's Life)", "Ghosting" and "Destroy". Their album Kawaii Monster was released on October 31, 2017. Kawaii Monster pre-orders included a second disc, a remastered edition of Let's Start a Riot. The band also released an exclusive EP: You Are the Heart. In 2018, they released Haunted, followed by Cinema Erotica and You Are the Heart. Vendetta departed the group shortly afterward, leaving Vanity as the sole remaining member of the group.
In 2019, shortly after the band's second break up, Vanity started a new project: Kawaii Monster. They released the songs "From Heaven to Hell", "Total Nightmare", "Dear Best Friend", "It's a Sunny Place for Shady People", "I Am With You", "Finding Blessings in Dark Places", "The Violet Flame", "It's All Just a Dream" and "Rage Against the Dying Light".
After a five-month break from making music, Vanity rebranded themselves again as "the Most Vivid Nightmares" and released "Drowning in the Darkness" on November 13, 2020. They later released a second single: "Love Forever True". On January 1, 2021, Vanity released a new version of Blood on the Dance Floor's "Bewitched" as "Bewitched Reimagined" featuring singer Sammy Beare. As of 2022, Vanity has continued to release music and merchandise by himself.
Musical style and influences
The group's style has been described as having hypersexual lyrics combined with electronica or electronic music, but also heavily incorporates electropop, dance-pop, and crunkcore.
Vanity stated in an interview that Jeffree Star is a huge influence on Blood on the Dance Floor. Vanity also stated that they were inspired by Marilyn Manson in the past.
Sexual assault allegations against Dahvie Vanity
Since the allegations first surfaced in 2009, at least 21 women have made sexual assault, child molestation, and rape allegations against Vanity. Former bandmates Garrett Ecstasy, who left the band in 2009, and Jayy Von Monroe, who left in 2016, have described Vanity as a sexual predator. In an interview with television journalist Chris Hansen, Jayy Von Monroe accused Vanity of abuse as well, stating that Vanity forced them to tour without their HIV medication which caused them to nearly contract AIDS. Von Monroe also stated that they later made a full recovery after leaving the band in 2016. Jeffree Star and New Years Day members Ash Costello and Nikki Misery have stated that they observed Vanity engage in questionable or illegal sexual behavior during one of the Vans Warped Tours and also during the "All the Rage Tour 2012" in support of their third studio album of the same name around the early 2010s.<ref>Rachel Campbell (August 1, 2018) Blood On The Dance Floor's Dahvie Vanity accused of sexual assault, Alternative Press, accessed March 18, 2020</ref> Many of the accusers were underage during the alleged attacks. In response to the allegations, Combichrist removed Blood on the Dance Floor from their tour in 2014. Merchandising website Big Cartel removed the band's products in 2018 in response to the allegations, while Spotify and Google Play removed the band's music in April 2019. Vanity has responded to the accusations on multiple occasions, usually with denial, threats or evasion.
In early 2020, Chris Hansen announced an investigation on Vanity, including having multiple interviews with those who claim Vanity abused or raped them. The FBI have confirmed that they are also currently investigating the allegations against Vanity.
Members
Final line-up
Dahvie Vanity – vocals, guitars, bass, keyboards, programming (2006–2016, 2017–2019)
Former members
Christopher Mongillo – vocals, guitars, keyboards, programming (2007–2008)
Matty M – vocals, drums (2007)
Rebecca Fugate – vocals, keyboards (2007–2008)
Garrett Ecstasy – vocals (2008–2009)
Jayy Von Monroe – vocals, guitars (2009–2016)
Ryan Mulroy – guitars (2012)
Nick Nasty – vocals, drums (2009)
Fallon Vendetta – vocals (2017–2018)
Touring musicians
Brandy Wynn – violin (2012–2013)
Haley Rose – vocals (2012–2013)
Nick Nasty – drums, vocals, keyboards (2010–2011)
Carter Harris – keyboards (2011–2012)
Johnny Awford – bass, drums (2011)
Rusty Wilmot – guitars, drums (2009–2011)
Alex Gilbertson – bass (2011)
Brian Carpenter – drums (2012)
Timeline
Discography
Albums as Blood on the Dance Floor
Let's Start a Riot (2008)
It's Hard to Be a Diamond in a Rhinestone World (2008)
Epic (2010)
All the Rage!! (2011)
Evolution (2012)
Bad Blood (2013)
Bitchcraft (2014)
Scissors (2016)
Kawaii Monster (2017)
Haunted (2018)
Cinema Erotica (2018)You Are the Heart (2018)
Hollywood Death Star (2019)
Albums as Kawaii Monster
Poison Love - EP (2019)
Love From Hell (2019)
The Balance (2020)
Albums as Master of Death
Master of Death (2015)
Albums as Sinners Are Winners
For Beginners (2016)
The Invocation'' (2017)
References
External links
Musical groups from Orlando, Florida
Electronic music groups from Florida
Electronic music duos
Crunkcore groups
American pop music groups
American dance music groups
Musical groups established in 2007
American musical duos
2007 establishments in Florida
Musical groups disestablished in 2016
2016 disestablishments in Florida
Corpus Christi College is the regional seminary (and theologate) of the Roman Catholic dioceses in Victoria and Tasmania, Australia. The seminary is administered by a board of episcopal trustees comprising the archbishops of Melbourne and Hobart, the bishops of Ballarat, Sandhurst and Sale, and the auxiliary bishops of Melbourne. The Archbishop of Melbourne is the permanent chair of the trustees.
Educational scope
Corpus Christi College presently trains priests for the archdioceses of Melbourne and Hobart and the dioceses of Ballarat, Sandhurst and Sale, as well as the Archdiocese of Adelaide, South Australia; the Archdiocese of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory; the Diocese of Bathurst, New South Wales; the Military Ordinariate of Australia; and the Archdiocese of Hanoi and the Diocese of Vinh in Vietnam. The college attracts male seminarians from Vietnam, the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka, Korea and Myanmar.
The college is located at St George's Church in Carlton, near St Patrick's Cathedral and in proximity to Catholic Theological College, the University of Melbourne and the Australian Catholic University campuses. St George's Church was built in 1855 and, after a long career as a school, now serves as the seminary chapel.
Former colleges
Corpus Christi, Werribee (built 1923, sold 1973)
Corpus Christi, Glen Waverley (built 1959, sold 1972), now the Victoria Police Academy (and for years known to former seminarians as "Coppers Christi")
Corpus Christi, Clayton (occupied 1973-1999)
Gallery
See also
Roman Catholic Church in Australia
External links
Seminaries and theological colleges in Australia
Catholic seminaries
Educational institutions established in 1923
1923 establishments in Australia
Delavalia polluta is a species of copepod in the family Miraciidae, first described in 1928 by .
References
Harpacticoida
Taxa named by Albert Monard
Crustaceans described in 1928
The Words of Mormon are one of the books that make up the Book of Mormon. It is the only one of them which is not titled as a 'book' and consists of a single chapter of eighteen verses. According to the text, it is a comment inserted by the prophet Mormon while compiling the records which became the Book of Mormon.
Textually, Words of Mormon serves to link the Small Plates of Nephi, which precede it in our current printed version, but which would have been placed after Mormon's full record in the Golden plates, with the rest of the Book of Mormon.
Mormon explains that, while abridging the history of the Nephites, they came across the Small Plates of Nephi and chose to append them to the end of their finished work. They then briefly summarises the reign of King Benjamin, the last king named in the Small Plates.
Mormon writes that King Benjamin stood against the Lamanites wielding the very sword of Laban which had been captured by Nephi after they killed Laban to obtain from them the brass plates that contained the Law of Moses. With their efforts, and wisdom, and the help of the prophets, King Benjamin established peace in the land.
Words of Mormon verses 12–18 have continuity with the first part of Mosiah, and some scholars have even suggested that it was originally part of a now missing portion of the Book of Mosiah. Others have suggested that Joseph Smith was inspired to write verses 12–18 as a summary/bridge back into the large plates, and that those verses are not contained in the Golden plates.
References
External links
The Book of Mormon: The Words of Mormon
Mormon, Words
The Northwest Military District () is a military district of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Uzbekistan based in the city of Nukus. Nukus serves as the capital city of the autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan. It serves the territory of Karakalpakstan as well as the Xorazm Province. It was established in 2000.
Activities
COVID-19
During the COVID-19 pandemic in Uzbekistan, military doctors from the district worked in the Nukus Higher Sports School for Olympic and National Sports (a temporary diagnostic, distribution and treatment center). The district also contributed to the organization of the center's activities and organized a temporary operational headquarters at the center.
Natural disasters
300 servicemen helped repair the dam of the Sardaba Reservoir in the Sirdaryo Region.
Assets
Sergeant's School
In 2007, a fifth sergeant training school was opened in the Northwest Military District. At the school, specialists in 12 specialties are trained.
Nukus Training Ground
The district operates Nukus Training Ground, which is used by the troops of the Ministry of Defense, the Border Troops and the National Guard to conduct practical exercises. On 3 December 2020, a ceremony was held to open the newly renovated training ground. Defense Minister Bakhodir Kurbanov in their speech on the occasion states it "will be an international training ground meeting the most modern requirements" and that it occupies "a worthy place among the authoritative training grounds of the national army". Construction work took place at 13 military and social facilities of the Nukus training ground, including two residential buildings and an educational building.
District schools
17 support schools are merged into the military district and operate under military command. In particular, School No. 35 in the Kungrad district was one of the first to be under the command of the military district.
Leadership
Commander - Colonel Farhodjon Shermatov
Deputy Commander for Armaments - Lieutenant Colonel Ayubjon Rustamov
Deputy Commander for Educational and Ideological Work - Colonel Ulugbek Dusmatov
Links
Official Website (in Russian)
Official Website (in Uzbek Latin)
References
Military units and formations of Uzbekistan
Military units and formations established in 2000
2000 establishments in Uzbekistan
Atli Þór Héðinsson (born 23 September 1953) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward. They won two caps for the Iceland national football team in 1974.
Atli made their international debut in the 2–2 draw with Finland on 19 August 1974. They played their second and final match for Iceland almost two months later, in the 1–1 draw away at East Germany.
References
Atli Þór Héðinsson international appearances at ksi.is
1953 births
Living people
Atli Thor Hedinsson
Association football forwards
Atli Thor Hedinsson
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Atli Thor Hedinsson
Atli Thor Hedinsson
Icelandic expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,379, and it was the fourth least populated in the state. The county seat and only municipality in the county is Walden.
History
Most of Jackson County is a high relatively broad intermontane basin known as North Park, which covers . This basin opens north into Wyoming and is rimmed on the west by the Park Range and Sierra Madre Range, on the south by the Rabbit Ears Range and the Never Summer Mountains, and on the east by the Medicine Bow Mountains. Elevations range from 7,800 to above sea level and is home to the head waters of the North Platte River. The term park is derived from parc, the French word for game preserve. At one time North Park was filled with herds of deer, antelope and buffalo. There were so many buffalo in the area the Ute Tribe gave North Park the name "Bull Pen." Now deer, elk, and cattle vie for the same area.
In November 1861, Colorado set up 17 counties for the state, including Larimer County. This was where Jackson County would be carved out of in 1909. Before then, both Grand and Larimer Counties claimed the North Park area. In the beginning, no one paid much attention to North Park because it was hunting grounds of the Ute and Arapaho Indians. They fiercely defended these lands and the white settlers were often afraid to venture in. When valuable minerals were discovered in North Park, Grand County claimed it as part of their county because they wanted the revenue it would provide. The residents didn't care much because the county seat for Grand County was closer than the one in Larimer County, and all official business needed to be done at the county seat. But Larimer also claimed this county and it was contested all the way to the Colorado Supreme Court. In 1886 the court decided in favor of Larimer. This did not make the North Park residents very happy and they pushed for their own county until Jackson was formed.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Jackson County contains the Colorado State Forest.
Adjacent counties
Albany County, Wyoming - northeast
Larimer County - east
Grand County - south
Routt County - west
Carbon County, Wyoming - northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 40
State Highway 14
State Highway 125
State Highway 127
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,577 people, 661 households, and 442 families living in the county. The population density was 1 person per square mile (0.25/km2). There were 1,145 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.20% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 0.76% Native American, 0.06% Asian, 1.46% from other races, and 1.27% from two or more races. 6.53% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 661 households, out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.90% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.00% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.60% under the age of 18, 5.40% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 29.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 101.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,821, and the median income for a family was $37,361. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $18,417 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,826. About 10.30% of families and 14.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.50% of those under age 18 and 9.00% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Recreation
State forest and park
Colorado State Forest
State Forest State Park
National wildlife refuge
Arapaho National Wildlife Refuge
National forest and wilderness
Routt National Forest
Mount Zirkel Wilderness
Never Summer Wilderness
Platte River Wilderness
National trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Bicycle routes
Great Parks Bicycle Route
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Scenic byway
Cache La Poudre-North Park Scenic and Historic Byway
Communities
Town
Walden
Unincorporated communities
Coalmont
Cowdrey
Gould
Rand
Former Towns
Brownlee
Hebron
Old Homestead
Owl
Pearl
Spicer
Teller City
Zirkel
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
North County, Jefferson Territory
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Colorado
References
External links
Jackson County Government Website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1909 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1909
Jan Jacob Spöhler (November 7, 1811 in Nederhorst den Berg –June 5, 1866 in Amsterdam), was a 19th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.
Biography
According to the RKD they were a pupil of Jan Willem Pieneman and became a member of the Koninklijke Academie in Amsterdam in 1845.  They are known for winter landscapes and became the father of the painters Jacob Jan Coenraad Spohler and Johannes Franciscus Spohler. They worked in Amsterdam from 1830 to 1839 (where they later returned and lived from 1861 onwards), Haarlem 1840–1843, Brussels 1844-1847 (and briefly again in 1853), The Hague 1848–1849, Leiden 1850–1860, and Rotterdam 1854–1855. In addition to their sons they taught the painter Willem Vester.
References
Jan Jacob Spohler on Artnet
1811 births
1866 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
People from Wijdemeren
19th-century Dutch male artists
Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant (also known as Benjamin-Constant), born Jean-Joseph Constant (10 June 1845 – 26 May 1902), was a French painter and etcher best known for their Oriental subjects and portraits.
Biography
Benjamin-Constant was born in Paris. They studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Toulouse, where they were a pupil of Alexandre Cabanel. A journey to Morocco in 1872 strongly influenced their early artistic development and lead them to produce Romantic scenes under the spell of Orientalism. Among their noted works in this vein are Last Rebels, Justice in the Harem (both in the Luxembourg Gallery), Les Chérifas, and Moroccan Prisoners (Bordeaux). Their large canvas, The Entrance of Mahomet II into Constantinople (Musée des Augustins Toulouse), received a medal in 1876.
After 1880, they changed their manner, devoting themselves to mural decorations and to portraits. Prominent examples include the great plafond in the Hôtel de Ville, Paris, entitled Paris Convening the World; their paintings in the New Sorbonne, representing Literature, The Sciences, and the Academy of Paris; and the plafond of the Opéra Comique theatre. They were distinguished as a portrait painter, especially in England, where they were a favorite of the aristocracy. Their portrait Mons fils André (Luxembourg) was awarded a medal of honor at the Salon in 1896.
Benjamin-Constant painted Pope Leo XIII, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom (1901), Lord John Lumley-Savile, and Henri Blowitz (1902). They were made a member of the institute in 1893, and was a commander of the Legion of Honor. They visited the United States several times, and painted a number of portraits. The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York exhibited a large painting by Benjamin-Constant entitled Justinian in Council. The painting was returned by the Metropolitan to the owners family in 1928. It was purchased by John Ringling in 1929 and is currently on exhibit in the Ringling Museum in Sarasota
Benjamin-Constant also taught at Académie Julian; among their pupils was the miniaturist Alice Beckington and the Scottish artist W. S. Shanks. They were a writer of repute, contributing a number of studies on contemporary French painters. Along with fellow artists, Nasreddine Dinet, Paul Leroy, Jean-Léon Gérôme and curator/ art historian, Léonce Bénédite, they were one of the founders of the Société des Peintres Orientalistes Français.
They died in Paris on 26 May 1902.
Gallery
See also
List of Orientalist artists
Orientalism
Société des Peintres Orientalistes Français
Publications
References
External links
1845 births
1902 deaths
19th-century French painters
20th-century French painters
19th-century French male artists
20th-century French male artists
Academic art
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
French male non-fiction writers
French male painters
French biographers
Académie Julian faculty
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
Orientalist painters
Graham Jones (born 5 October 1957) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
Born in Bradford, Jones signed for Bradford City in February 1974 after playing local amateur football, leaving the club in July 1979 to sign for Gainsborough Trinity. During their time with Bradford City they made four appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1957 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football defenders
The 1990 Hillingdon Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Eric Obinna Chukwunyelu (born 10 June 1981) is a French-Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Club career
Obinna was born in Owerri, Nigeria.
Obinna played in Reading's record-breaking promotion season. They did not score in six substitute appearances, but set up several goals.
Honours
Étoile FC
2010 Singapore League Cup
References
External links
BoroGuide
1981 births
Living people
People from Owerri
Association football forwards
Nigerian footballers
French footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Ligue 2 players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Red Star F.C. players
FC Rouen players
Reading F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
A.S.D. Cassino Calcio 1924 players
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Germany
People with acquired French citizenship
French people of Nigerian descent
Étoile FC players
Sportspeople from Imo State
West Ozark Township is a township in Webster County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
West Ozark Township takes its name from the Ozark Mountains.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Webster County, Missouri
The Moroccan national handball team is the national handball team of Morocco and is controlled by the Royal Moroccan Handball Federation based in Rabat, Morocco.
Results
World Championship
1995 – 22nd
1997 – 23rd
1999 – 17th
2001 – 22nd
2003 – 23rd
2007 – 20th
2021 – 29th
2023 – Qualified
African Championship
Red border color indicates tournament was held on home :soil.
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2021 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Noureddine Bouhaddioui
Famous past players
Mohamed Berraja
Ismail Bouhadioui
Mohamed Nouri
Karim Bouhadioui
References
External links
IHF profile
Men's national handball teams
Handball in Morocco
Handball
Ger Reddin (born 14 January 1988 in Castletown, County Laois, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. They play hurling with their local club Castletown and has been a member of the Laois senior inter-county team since 2011.
References
1988 births
Living people
Laois inter-county hurlers
Castletown hurlers
The perper (; plural перпери) was the currency of Montenegro between 1906 and 1918. It was named the same as the medieval Serbian Empire official currency, and it was divided into 100 para.
At the end of the 20th century, Montenegro contemplated issuing the perper again. However, it decided to unofficially adopt the Deutsche mark instead, and later followed the change to the euro.
Coins
In 1906, coins were issued in denominations of 1, 2, 10 and 20 para. The 1 and 2 para were bronze, the 10 and 20 para were nickel. The nickel and copper coins were minted in Vienna. In 1909, silver 1 and 5 perpera coins were added, followed by 2 perpera in 1910. Gold 10 and 20 perpera were also issued in 1910, along with very limited numbers of 100 perpera coins. Bronze, nickel, and silver coins were issued several times until 1914.
In 1909, simultaneously with the decision to issue silver coins, minting gold Montenegrin coins was also being planned. However, due to tight relations with Austro-Hungary, gold coins were issued one year later than silver ones.
In 1910, Montenegro issued two series of gold 10, 20, and 100 perpera coins. The inscription on the first ones reads Principality of Montenegro while the second one mentions the Kingdom of Montenegro. This is due to the fact that on 28 August 1910, Prince Nicholas of Montenegro proclaimed the Kingdom of Montenegro. The second issue also commemorates their 50th anniversary of reign. Due to historical circumstances, these were the only golden perper issues in the history of Montenegro.
Today, the 100 perper coins are considered to be the finest examples of Montenegrin coinage. It is not known how many 100 perper coins have been preserved but numismatists generally agree that around 150 specimens still exist, including those stored in the museum collections of the Hermitage, the American Numismatic Society, the British Museum, the Prada and the Vienna Canton. Several are believed to be kept in private collections in Montenegro while two gold 100 perper coins adorn the collection of the Central Bank of Montenegro. At auctions, these coins reach a value of 20 to 35 thousand euros, depending on their condition.
Banknotes
Banknotes were issued in 1912 by the treasury in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 50 and 100 perpera. In 1914, the government issued three series of notes, in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 perpera. During the Austrian occupation during World War I, government notes of the second and third series were overprinted by the military government district commands. In 1917, the Austrian army issued convertible vouchers denominated in perpera, perpera coins (Münzperper) and Kronen, with 2 perpera = 1 coin perper = 1 Krone.
See also
Hyperpyron, Byzantine coin
Montenegrin perun, the currency that was planned for introduction in Montenegro by Petar II Petrović Njegoš in 1851
Ragusan perpera, currency of the historical Republic of Ragusa
Serbian perper under Tsar Dusan
References
20th century in Montenegro
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies of Europe
1906 establishments in Montenegro
1918 disestablishments
Currencies of Montenegro
Kingdom of Montenegro
La Center was a small stern-wheel steamboat that operated from 1912 to 1931, mostly on the Lewis and Lake rivers in southwest Washington, on a route to and from Portland, Oregon along the lower Columbia and lower Willamette rivers.
La Center was small compared to other sternwheelers of the Columbia River. However, despite a number of accidents, including collisions and groundings, La Center earned a reputation as providing dependable transport for the Lewis River country to the Portland market.
La Center was somewhat unusual in that it was originally fitted with a gasoline engine, and then about a year after construction, the gasoline engine was replaced with second-hand steam engines.
Construction
La Center was built at La Center, Washington for the Brothers & Moe concern, comprising Uriah Sidney Brothers, E.C. Brothers, and Peter I. Moe.
Dimensions
La Center was long, exclusive of the extension of the main deck over the stern, called the fantail, on which the stern-wheel was mounted. The vessel had a beam of exclusive of the protective timbers along the top outside edge of the hull called guards, The depth of hold was .
La Center had a draft of when loaded with its maximum capacity of 45 tons of freight.
The overall size of the vessel was 67 gross tons (a measure of volume and not weight) and 64 registered tons.
The official merchant vessel registry number was 209642.
Machinery
La Center was driven by a sternwheel. La Center was originally powered with gasoline engines. In June 1913, La Center was converted to steam power. These were two twin steam engines, horizontally mounted, with cylinder bores of and stroke of .
The gasoline engines from La Center were fitted into the Lewis River Navigation Company's sternwheeler Wallula (ex Uncle Sam). In turn, the steam engines installed into La Center came also from the Uncle Sam.
The Morning Oregonian described Uncle Sam as having "caused more comment than the arrival of any other river vessel which has come to Portland on account of their peculiar construction, which is not describable in nautical terms." Uncle Sam, which had been built at Corvallis, Oregon, had been granted a special permit to make a trial trip downriver to Portland to be inspected to receive a license to enter into the steamboat business.
However, steamboat inspectors Edwards and Fuller refused to grant Uncle Sam a certificate. The owners of Uncle Sam then reached an agreement with the owners of La Center to trade machinery, with La Center's gasoline engine going to Uncle Sam, and Uncle Sam's boiler, engines, and other gear going to La Center.
Operations
La Center made its trial trip in Portland harbor on February 22, 1912, with Captain Brothers in command.
In July 1912, the Lewis River Transportation Company sold its interests in the east fork of the Lewis river, consisting of the small sternwheeler Spellei, a barge, and five acres of land, to Uriah S. Brothers, E.C. Brothers, and Peter Moe, who were at that time operating the newly built La Center from a dock at the foot of Washington Street in Portland, Oregon, to La Center, Washington.
According to another source, Uriah S. and E.C. Brothers, and Peter Moe reached an agreement with the Lewis River Transportation Company, who owned the launch Charm, whereby La Center would carry freight and Charm would carry passengers on the Lewis River route.
The Lewis River was a profitable route before the development of other means of transportation.
Collision with David Campbell
On May 24, 1913, La Center was taken to Joseph Supple's shipyard on the east side of Portland to have repairs done on its right-side guard and to have its gasoline engines shifted into position, the work being necessary to address the damage to La Center caused by the new fireboat David Campbell, when the Campbell collided with La Center when La Center was docked at the foot of Washington Street.
Proposed sale
On October 5, 1913, a steamboat line matching the description of La Center was offered for sale through T.W. Nordby, with an address at the Couch Building in Portland. According to this advertisement, the line had one steamer, two warehouses, five acres of ground, and earned $500 per month net of expenses. The asking price was $7,000.
Collision with Shaver
On the night of Friday, October 24, 1913, La Center collided with the sternwheeler Shaver on the Willamette River off St. Johns. La Center was running under the command of Captain Peter I. Moe. Shaver was being operated by Captain Berry.Shaver, at 368 gross tons was a much larger vessel than La Center. According to a report in the Morning Oregonian, damages to shipments of prunes. beef, hogs and "general stuff" being carried on board La Center exceeded $1,000.
The initial news report of the accident was that it was caused by a confusion of whistle signals. Shaver had departed Portland soon after 11:00 p.m. headed downstream. La Center was coming upstream from the Lewis River. The towboat Alarm was coming upriver at the same time as La Center, with a log raft.Shaver gave two whistle signals to Alarm, which Captain Brothers, on La Center, interpreted as being intended for La Center. Captain Brothers changed course, crossing Shaver's bow, which crashed into the side of La Center, running through the guard timbers and about four feet into La Center's hull.La Center was beached near the St. Johns Shipbuilding Company. No one was injured in the collision.
On Monday, October 27, 1913, La Center was hauled out of the river at St. Johns for repairs. Captain Berry of Shaver had by then filed a report of the incident with U.S. steamboat inspectors Edwards and Fuller.
Bootlegging allegations
On November 7, 1914, Capt. Peter I. Moe, of La Center, was required to appear before customs officials in Portland, Oregon to explain allegations against them that bootlegging activity was being conducted in the town of La Center from a building on the waterfront.
Although this was before national Prohibition in the United States, the town of La Center had recently voted go "dry", that is, to outlaw liquor sales within the city limits. Moe, believing the report was directed at him, denied the allegations.
Moe was quoted in the Morning Oregonian as having said:
Ice problems 1914
On December 19, 1914, La Center was reported to be frozen up on the Lewis River. The Lewis and Lake rivers were frozen over, and navigation from Portland to points on these rivers was suspended.
On January 25, 1915, ice in the Columbia river prevented La Center from making its usual trip to Portland.
Excursion operations in 1915
On May 12, 1915, the La Center baseball team chartered La Center to go to St. Helens to pay a game against the St. Helens team. St. Helens won, 11–0.
Later that year, the Portland Motorboat Club, and their associated boats, were scheduled to take a three-day trip starting Saturday, July 3, 1915 from Portland down the Willamette and Columbia rivers to Paradise Point on the east fork of the Lewis River. La Center was chartered to carry excursionists who could not get a place on one of the motorboats.
Ice problems in 1916
Ice impeded La Center again in January 1916. The steamer was unable to reach the east fork of the Lewis River, because of heavy ice in both the Columbia and the Lewis Rivers.
Freight for the town of La Center was being brought to Ridgefield, Washington by rail, and then carried overland by teams, wagons, and sleds. The steamer La Center could not go back on the run until the weather improved. This was reported to have been the first time in about four years that winter weather had tied up navigation on the Lewis River.
Sale to Arthur C. Heston
In early April 1916, Uriah S. and E.C. Brothers sold their interest in La Center to Arthur C. Heston, who had been running the steamer before the sale. The steamer was then described as "a small packet plying daily between La Center and other Lewis River points and Portland.
Low water 1916
In the fall of 1916, the water in the Lewis and Lake rivers fell so low that boats risked grounding on sandbars, and log raft traffic was impeded. Rains in early November raised the river levels so that La Center could run again on its usual route on the east fork. La Center was also operating at the same time between Portland and Ridgefield, Washington on the Lake River, handling the freight work of the steamer Mimare which was then under reconstruction.
Washed inland by flood
On December 19, 1917, it was reported that La Center had been carried ashore during a flood and grounded at Lamb's Landing, about three miles south of Woodland, Washington. The location of the grounding was a pasture between the east and the north forks of the Lewis River. La Center was still ashore on January 5, 1918. The boat was located high and dry 300 feet from the river after the flood receded.
By January 17, 1918, La Center had been placed back in the river, by having been jacked up and skids being placed under the hull.
Return to Lewis River Transportation Company
In December 1918, La Center, then operating under Capt. Arthur C. Heston, was returned to the control of the Lewis River Transportation Company, of which Heston was secretary.
The company was then operating from the Ash Street dock in Portland. La Center was then carrying only freight.
Lewis River Transportation Company was owned and run by members of the Weir family, including, originally, Capt. William G. Weir (1834-1902), their son, Cassius "Cash" Weir (c1860-1942), and Cash's son, Earl Weir.
The Weirs owned a number of boats that operated on the Lewis River.
Capsized in wind storm
On December 1, 1921, La Center capsized in a wind storm, drowning most of a herd of cattle that were then being transported by the steamer.La Center had been proceeding from Kelso, Washington to the Portland stockyards with 40 head of cattle on board, when the steamer capsized downstream from Columbia City, Oregon, near Deer Island Of the herd, all but file head were drowned. the sternwheeler Metlako rescued the crew of La Center.
On Wednesday December 14, 1921, La Center was returned to service, having been raised the week before without much difficulty. La Center was then running on a tri-weekly route between La Center, Ridgefield, and Portland and way points on the Lewis, Lake, Columbia and Willamette rivers.
Operation by W.H. Hembree
In 1925, La Center was operated by W.H. Hembree.
DispositionLa Center'' was abandoned in 1931.
Notes
References
Printed sources
On-line newspapers and journals
1912 ships
Sternwheelers of Washington (state)
Steamboats of Oregon
Steamboats of the Lewis River
Steamboats of the Columbia River
Martin Dohlsten (born 29 April 1986) is a Swedish footballer, currently playing for UMF Selfoss. They moved to the club in the July transfer window 2010 from Örgryte IS.
External links
Martin Dohlsten at ksi.is
1986 births
Living people
GAIS players
Örgryte IS players
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
Renmin Road Subdistrict () is a subdistrict situated in Yingjiang District, Anqing, Anhui, China. , it administers the following four residential neighborhoods:
Paoyingshan ()
Xianfeng ()
Kangxihe ()
Dongzheng ()
See also
List of township-level divisions of Anhui
References
Township-level divisions of Anhui
Anqing
Subdistricts of the People's Republic of China
was a Japanese professional baseball pitcher. In 1957, they won 20 consecutive games. In 1958 Japan Series, they pitched six games and won 4 consecutive games after their team lost 3 games. They even hit a home run in fifth game of Japan Series. They were the Pacific League's Most Valuable Player in 1957 and 1958. They had 42 wins in 1961. Fans called their great success "God, Buddha, Inao".
In 1964, they injured their shoulder, and in 1965 came back to full-time pitching, mainly in relief. They retired as a player in 1969, and went on to manage the Nishitetsu Lions from 1970 to 1974.
They were inducted into the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame in 1993. Their number 24 was retired by the Saitama Seibu Lions on April 30, 2012.
Career statistics
Bolded figures are league-leading
Titles and Award
Rookie of the Year : (1956)
Wins Champion : 4 times (1957,1958,1961,1963)
Winning Percentage Champion: 2 times (1957,1961)
ERA Champion : 5 times (1956–1958,1961,1966)
Strikeout Champion : 3 times (1958,1961,1963)
MVP : 2 times (1957–1958)
Best Nine : 5 times (1957–1958,1961–1963)
Record
42 Wins (1961) (National Record, tied)
20 consecutive wins (1957) (National Record)
78 Games Played (1961) (Pacific League Record)
1.06 ERA (1956) (Pacific League Record, National Rookie-Year Record)
404 innings Pitched (1961) (Pacific League Record)
11 wins in single month (Aug, 1956) (National Record)
4 complete game in single Japan Series (1958) (Japan Series Record, tied)
4 wins in single Japan Series (1958) (Japan Series Record, tied)
11 career wins in Japan Series (tied with Tsuneo Horiuchi)
References
External links
BR Bullpen
1937 births
2007 deaths
Baseball people from Ōita Prefecture
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Nishitetsu Lions players
Nippon Professional Baseball Rookie of the Year Award winners
Nippon Professional Baseball MVP Award winners
Managers of baseball teams in Japan
Seibu Lions managers
Chiba Lotte Marines managers
Deaths from cancer in Japan
Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Konstantinos Vlachopoulos (, 1789–1868) was an armatolos, army leader of the Greek War of Independence and the first Greek commander of the Greek Royal Gendarmerie. They were also a member of the Filiki Eteria (Society of Friends), a secret organization whose purpose was to overthrow the Ottoman rule of Greece and establish an independent Greek state.
Biography
They were born in 1789 in the area Nicopolis near Preveza, from a great family of Armatoloi, Christian Greek irregular soldiers, of Western Greece. During the pre-revolutionary period, they are, together with their brother Alexakis, also an armatolos. Later, because of Ali Pasha's persecution, they and their brother were forced to flee in Corfu. There, the two brothers joined the Greek battalions of the British Army . In 1819 they were initiated, along with their brothers, Alexios and Dimitrios, into the Filiki Eteria.
When the Greek Revolution broke out, they took part in the battle of Vrachori, in late May 1821. Later, they were involved in the persecution of the Albanians chieftain, Nourka Servani. Then, they contributed to the liberation of Zapanti. The following year, they became military leader of Vlochos and Agrinio provinces. They fought under the command of Markos Botsaris and excelled in the battle of Karpenisi. In December 1823, they were promoted to chiliarch. They fought in the second Siege of Messolonghi defending the bastion of Franklin. During the siege they were promoted to General. They survived the sortie of Messolonghi and fled to Attica where they fought together with Georgios Karaiskakis.
In 1827 they participated in the Third National Assembly at Troezen and during 1827-1829 they took part, under the command of General Richard Church, in the purges of Athens from the Ottomans. After the liberation, in 1833, they were appointed to the newly established Royal Gendarmerie and on 14 September 1841, they became its commander, becoming the first Greek who occupied this position. On 6 September 1843, they were replaced by Spyromilios. They retired having the rank of Colonel of Gendarmerie and died in Athens in 1868.
References
Bibliography
Konstantinos S. Antoniou, Ιστορία Ελληνικής Βασιλικής Χωροφυλακής 1833 - 1964, Ladias Eds., Athens 1964.
Dionysios Kokkinos, Η Ελληνική Επανάστασις (6th Ed.), Melissa Eds., Athens 1974.
External links
Greek Parliament: The archives of Greek Palingenesis.
Heroes of 1821: Konstantinos Vlachopoulos
1789 births
1868 deaths
Greek people of the Greek War of Independence
People from Preveza
Hellenic Gendarmerie officers
Members of the Filiki Eteria
Echols County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,697. The county seat is Statenville. Statenville is a disincorporated municipality. Echols and Webster counties are the only two counties in Georgia to currently have no incorporated municipalities. The county was established in 1858 and named in honor of Robert Milner Echols (1798–1847).
Echols County is part of the Valdosta, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
On December 13, 1858, the Georgia General Assembly passed a bill establishing Echols County from a south-eastern section of Lowndes County and a south-western section Clinch County. The original borders of the county were a line from the mouth of the Suwanoochee Creek directly south to the state line, then along the state line, then north to the junction of Grand Bay Creek and Mud Swamp, then up the course of Grand Bay Creek to Carter's Ford, then a direct line to where Cow's Creek enters the Alapaha River, then up the creek to Griffins' Mill, then a direct line to Jack's Fort on Suwanoochee Creek, and then down Suwanoochee Creek to its mouth. With the exception of some minor adjustments of the border Echols shares with Lowndes and the loss of a thin strip to Florida following Florida v. Georgia, the borders of Echols County has changed little since its establishment. Statenville was declared the county seat in 1859.
At the time of the 1860 census, Echols County had a white population of 1,177, with 314 slaves, and no free people of color.
Echols County became notable as it has served as a place of banishment for many of Georgia's criminals. As the Georgia State Constitution forbids banishment beyond the borders of the state, officials instead ban the offender from 158 of Georgia's 159 counties, with Echols remaining as their only option. Few criminals have been documented as actually moving to Echols. This is because almost all banished criminals choose to leave the state instead of moving to Echols County.
Banishment, including 158-county banishment, has repeatedly been upheld by Georgia courts. The first case when banishment was upheld was in the 1974 case State v Collett, when the Georgia Supreme Court upheld the banishment of a drug dealer from seven counties. The most recent time banishment was upheld, in 2011, the Georgia Supreme Court ruled it was constitutional to banish David Nathan Thompson (a mentally ill man who was convicted of firing a gun into a home, although no one was injured) from all but one county in Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water. The county contains a notable swamp, Whitehead Bay.
The western half of Echols County is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The eastern half of the county, from well east of Statenville to just west of Fargo, is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 441
State Route 7
State Route 11
State Route 89
State Route 94
State Route 135
State Route 187
State Route 376
Major waterways
Alapaha River
Alapahoochee River
Grand Bay Creek (known in the 1800s as Irwin's River and later than Irwin's Creek)
Suwannee River
Suwanoochee Creek
Railways
Georgia Southern and Florida Railway
Seaboard coastline Railroad
Plant System (now part of CSX)
Statenville Railway (Defunct, it was used from 1910 to 1924. It ran from Statenville to Haylow, Georgia)
Adjacent counties
Clinch County – northeast
Columbia County, Florida – southeast
Hamilton County, Florida – south
Lowndes County – west
Lanier County – north
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,754 people, 1,264 households, and 936 families living in the county. The population density was 9 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 1,482 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 77.1% White, 6.9% Black or African American, 1.2% Native American, 0.1% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 13.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. 19.7% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,264 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.26.
In the county the population has a demographically large age range with 29.3% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 116.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.6 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,851, and the median income for a family was $27,700. Males had a median income of $24,650 versus $17,297 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,727. 28.7% of the population and 22.3% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 33.1% are under the age of 18 and 29.8% are 65 or older.
2005 Estimates
In 2005 63.1% of the county population was non-Hispanic whites, 27.3% Hispanics, 8.8% African-Americans and 1.0% Native Americans.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 4,034 people, 1,329 households, and 1,029 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,558 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 74.9% white, 4.2% black or African American, 1.8% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 15.8% from other races, and 2.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 29.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 11.8% were German, 8.6% were Irish, 5.8% were American, and 5.3% were English.
Of the 1,329 households, 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 22.6% were non-families, and 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.33. The median age was 31.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,390 and the median income for a family was $33,664. Males had a median income of $28,613 versus $20,208 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,201. About 21.4% of families and 32.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.8% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 3,697 people, 1,561 households, and 1,097 families residing in the county.
Education
Echols County School District operates public schools.
Communities
Fruitland
Statenville (county seat)
Howell
Needmore
Tarver (formerly Statenville Station and Huckleberry)
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Echols County, Georgia
Notes
References
External links
Echols County historical marker
Wayfare or Cow Creek Church historical marker
1858 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Valdosta metropolitan area counties
Populated places established in 1858
The Xumi Pagoda () or Sumeru Pagoda, also known as Summer Pagoda is a Chinese pagoda of the Buddhist Kaiyuan Monastery west of Zhengding, Hebei province, China. This square-base stone and brick pagoda was built in the year 636 AD during the reign of Emperor Taizong of the Tang Dynasty (618-907). It stands at a height of 48 m (157 ft) and has been well preserved since its initial construction. The monastery that once surrounded the pagoda, however, has largely been destroyed, with the exception of a few structures.
The pagoda has nine tiers of eaves and a crowning spire, along with artwork of stone carvings at the corners of the stone platform that makes up its base. The interior of the pagoda is hollow and lacks a staircase to reach the higher floors. Its style of eaves in gradual tiers resembles that of other Tang pagodas, such as the Small Wild Goose and Giant Wild Goose pagodas. Near the arched doorway leading into the pagoda is a colossal stone body of a bixi, a Chinese mythical beast in the shape of a tortoise-like dragon. The left side of the statue had been broken off and missing, until it was found in 2000, during an excavation at a nearby street.
Notes
See also
Chinese architecture
List of Buddhist temples
References
Harper, Damian (2005). Lonely Planet China: 9th Edition. London: Lonely Planet Books. .
External links
The Kaiyuan Temple Pagoda at China.org.cn
Buddhist temples in Hebei
Pagodas in China
Tang dynasty Buddhist temples
7th-century Buddhist temples
Towers completed in the 7th century
630s establishments
7th-century establishments in China
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Hebei
Religious buildings and structures completed in 636
Michael Spillane may refer to:
Mike Quackenbush (born 1976), real name Michael Spillane, American wrestler
Mickey Spillane (mobster) (1933–1977), Irish-American mobster
Michael Spillane (footballer) (born 1989), Irish footballer
Dalton Gooding (born 18 November 1954) is a Western Australian business person, and from 2002 to 2007 they were the chairperson of the West Coast Eagles Australian Football League club. They were also a founding partner of the Chartered Accounting firm Gooding Pervan, which later became DFK Gooding Partners.
A former footballer himself, in the early 1970s Gooding moved from their hometown of Dumbleyung in rural Western Australia to take up a 3-year $1000 scholarship offered to them by WAFL club Claremont. They played nine seasons for the Tigers and represented Western Australia in a game at the 1975 Knockout Carnival.
Board Association
In addition to their West Coast Eagles chairpersonship, Gooding is a principal in the accounting firm DFK Gooding Partners, as well as being on a number of boards.
References
External links
Gooding Partners Chartered Accountants
1975 Carnival WA Player Details
https://www.perthnow.com.au/news/wa/dalton-gooding---the-man-behind-the-west-coast-eagles-ng-a0142db0261985db3e05df18054e8d1c
1954 births
Living people
West Coast Eagles administrators
Claremont Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
People from the Wheatbelt (Western Australia)
The Scottish Futsal league is the only official futsal affiliated body in Scotland delivering adult futsal for the Scottish Football Association under the guidance of the Scottish Amateur FA. Futsal is an internationally recognised sport, governed by FIFA and UEFA.
SFL History
Futsal in Scotland has been played in Perth since 1997. Formed by Mark Potter, the SFL was the first officially recognised Futsal League in Scotland (based in Perth) – by the Scottish Amateur FA, in 2001 with Chair Mark Potter.
Now the game is set to develop in Scotland and the SFA was the first of the four British associations to give official recognition to this five-a-side version of football. Futsal is an internationally recognised sport, governed by FIFA and UEFA.
Perth is now the oldest continuously running Futsal League in the United Kingdom which was created by Mark Potter and Stephen Chatila.
In 2005, the Scottish Futsal League joined up with the Futsal Premier League to help promote Futsalacross the UK.
The Futsal Premier League (FPL) initiated a regional league in Edinburgh in November 2005. The Scottish National Futsal League, FPL Scotland, followed in 2006. FPL Scotland is sponsored by Tennent's, who have given away over 50,000 futsal balls and now also sponsor the National Football Team. Additional support came from the Scottish Football Association and kit manufacturer Joma. The FPL Scotland is divided into three Series, A, B and C, as opposed to two in England. Winners of the FPL Scotland Serie Progress to the UEFA Futsal Cup.
In 2006, eight teams played in the first FPL Scotland Series A: Aberdeen Cosmos, Dundee Dynamos, Edinburgh United, Fair City Santos (Perth), Glasgow City, Glasgow Maccabi, Inverness Wanderers, and Perth North Muirton.
Fair City Santos, Scotland's first UEFA Futsal Entrants played in the first preliminary round of the UEFA Futsal Cup, against Adana from Armenia, Futsal Mad Max from Finland, and Roubaix from France, although they failed to progress to the next stage.
Since 2006, the League Champions side has played in UEFA Futsal Cup.
In 2008, the Scottish Futsal League parted ways with the Futsal Premier League.
A new structure created in partnership with the SFA and SAFA in 2014 with new regional leagues formed (Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh, Glasgow and Stirling in addition to the long running Perth league).
In 2014–15, there was the first finals weekend where each regional winner competed over three days in a mini league to declare the Scottish champions - Fair City Santos.
In 2015–16, the second finals weekend had a new champion for the first time outside of Perth - Wattcell of SFL Edinburgh.
2016 saw the Launch of a new national Scottish Cup won by Fair City Santos.
The 2016–17 launch of the first ever national league held over 12 weeks in one venue.
In 2017–18, the SFL 'Super League' launched as a standalone league comprising 10 clubs.
Scottish Futsal Super League
The Scottish Futsal Super League has been running in its current format (with relegation and promotion to/from the regional leagues) since 2017.
2019–20 season
Ten teams will compete in the 2019–20 Scottish Futsal Super League, with the winner qualifying for the 2020/21 Uefa Futsal Champions League. PYF Saltires are the current national champions. An up-to-date league table can be found on the Scottish Futsal League website.
2018–19 season
Perth's PYF Saltires were crowned Super League champions for the 2018/19 season.
Final standings
2017–18 season
Edinburgh's Wattcell Futsal Club were crowned Super League champions for the 2017/18 season.
Final standings
Scottish Futsal Cup
Each year futsal teams from across Scotland compete in a knockout competition to win the Scottish Futsal Cup.
Scotland National Futsal Team
Scotland National Futsal Amateur Select Team
Scotland National Select Team (S.A.F.A)
17-19 June 11 the national squad had their first match since 2003, the games took place in Amsderdam, Holland against a Dutch league select
and FC Goldenstars - Hollands current first division Champions
Manager - Mark Potter, Asst Manager - Gavin Price
Keepers - Craig Houston(Perth Saltires), Craig Rathney(SDIF), Outfield - Richard Doig, Sean Fergus, Scott Ballingull(all Perth Saltires), Mark Duigan, Gavin Price, Callum MacKinlay(all Breadalbane FC), Rob Haworth(Liverpool FC), Scott Lafferty, Mark Caldow(both Cherrybank FC)
Results
Amsterdam Holland - Matches 2 x 20mins realtime
18-06-2011 - FC Goldenstars 4 Scotland 5
18-06-2011 - Dutch Select 4 Scotland 5
Loughnane Sportswear Cup - (Mountmellick, Ireland) Matches 2 x 10mins
22-02-2003 - FC Camalot 4 Scotland 1 (Semi Final)
22-02-2003 - Midlands Futsal League 1 Scotland 8 (group match)
22-03-2003 - Scotland 4 Northern Ireland 1 (group match)
200-03-2003 - Tranmere Victoria 2 Scotland 0 (group match)
British Isles Nations Cup (Chester, England) Matches 2 x 15mins
20-02-2002 - Ireland 2 Scotland 1
20-02-2002 - Gilbraltar 5 Scotland 2
20-02-2002 - Tranmere Victoria (england) 6 Scotland 3
20-02-2002 - Scotland 6 Northern Ireland 5
Mastia - (Dublin, Ireland ) Matches 2 x 15mins
09-02-2002 - Tranmere Victoria 2 Scotland 1 (Semi Final)
09-02-2002 - Scotland 14 Northern Ireland 2 (group match)
09-02-2002 - Dublin Select 2 Scotland 4 (group match)
Friendly Matches
23-06-2001 - Ireland 6 Scotland 5
22-06-2001 - Ireland 5 Scotland 5
21-06-2001 - Ireland 4 Scotland 5
External links
Scottish Futsal League website
Futsal in Scotland
futsal
Scotland
Simonov (), or Simonova (feminine; Си́монова), is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrey Simonov (born 1966), a Russian major general
Andrey Simonov (born 1971), a Russian aviation historian
Ivan Simonov (1794–1855), Russian astronomer
Konstantin Simonov (1915–1979), Soviet poet
Kseniya Simonova (born 1985), Ukrainian artist
Matvey Simonov (1823–1900) Ukrainian ethnographer, folklorist and writer
Mikhail Simonov (1929–2011), Russian aircraft designer
Mikhail Yuryevich Simonov (born 1959), Russian direct marketing pioneer and personified communications expert
Nikolai Simonov (1901–1973), Soviet actor
Ruben Simonov (1899–1968), Soviet actor and film director
Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov (1894–1986), Soviet weapons designer
Sergei Sergeyevich Simonov (born 1983), Russian footballer
Yevgeniya Simonova (born 1955), Russian actor, People's Artist of Russia
Yuri Simonov (born 1941), Russian conductor
See also
2426 Simonov, asteroid
Natalya Simonova, fictional character (and Bond girl) in GoldenEye
Simonov Monastery, famous monastery in Moscow
SKS, the most well known weapon designed by Sergei Simonov
See also
Semyonov (disambiguation)
Russian-language surnames
Surnames from given names
The Korea–Yonsei rivalry is the college rivalry between two universities located in Seoul, South Korea, Yonsei University and Korea University. Located within the same city, the campuses are only thirty minutes apart. Korea University's symbol and mascot is the Tiger and Yonsei University's is the Eagle. Hence, match-ups between the two institutions are referred to as "Tigers vs Eagles".
Since 1956, the annual Yonsei-Korea (Korea-Yonsei) games have served as the most hotly contested collegiate rivalries in the country. The teams meet each year in five main team sports: football, rugby, baseball, basketball, and ice hockey teams compete against each other. In addition to the annual "friendship games", both universities are members of the Korea University Sports Federation (KUSF) and also regularly compete against each other in the KUSF U-League in football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey.
Such is the importance of the match-ups to school spirit and student life that it garners extensive media coverage in the days leading up the games. Alumni, especially past and present professional athletes, are frequently featured or reference the rivalry in the media. A JoongAng Ilbo article in 1969 compared its historical significance to domestic student sport to that of The Boat Race contested by Oxford and Cambridge universities in the UK and Harvard and Yale's American football rivalry.
A long-running gag between the two universities is the order of the two universities when referring to the rivalry. Yonsei University refers to it as the "Yonsei-Korea" rivalry (연고전), whereas Korea University refers to it as the "Korea-Yonsei" rivalry (고연전). The order of which university is mentioned first in official reports depends on who is the designated away team for that year.
History
The rivalry dates back to the Japanese occupation era when Yonsei University was Yonhi College and Korea University was Bosung College. The first sports played between the two institutions were tennis and football. The Joseon Athletic Association was forcibly shut down by the Japanese Imperialist government and match-ups between the two institutions became the main focus of domestic sports and occasionally an outlet of nationalistic fervor for ethnic Koreans in both Korea and Japan who were otherwise forbidden to speak their own language or maintain their distinct cultural identity. Football, basketball and ice hockey were the first sports played while rugby and baseball were added after independence. Both universities have since become known for its athletic traditions and produced numerous professional athletes.
Sports
The two institutions regularly play against one another in the U-League in football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey and the rivalry translates to those games. The "friendship games" for all five sports is organized separately each fall semester (September or October) and held over two days, weather conditions permitting.
In 2014, Korea University recorded a clean sweep in all five sports. Three years later, Yonsei University achieved the same feat.
Football
The first football match was held at the Gyeongseong Stadium in 1927. From 1927 to 1942: Yonhi College (now Yonsei University) had 14 wins, and Bosung College (now Korea University) also had 14 wins. The Joseon Football Championship was the predecessor of the National Football Championship.
Basketball
Basketball was added in 1930 and was the most popular summer sport along with football contested by the two institutions. Besides the "friendship games", the two teams participate in the Basketball U-League and the annual MBC Cup competition. Prior to the organization of the U-League and the establishment of the Korean Basketball League, both teams participated in the National Basketball Festival (Korean: 농구대잔치) run by the Korean Basketball Association.
Ice hockey
Ice hockey was added in winter 1940. The sport was introduced to the country in 1928 but did not gain much popularity outside of the Korea University–Yonsei University rivalry matches until the 2018 Winter Olympics. As two of the few universities in the country which sponsor ice hockey, they also play against each other in the U-League.
In October 2014, Korea University won 3–2, its first win over Yonsei since 1997.
Rugby
Baseball
Baseball was added after liberation. The two teams play in the Mokdong Baseball Stadium.
Culture
The "rivalry" lacks the heated animosity of the typical sports rivalry and is promoted by both institutions as a match-up between friendly rival universities. Each year, various celebratory festivals are held before and after the friendship games between the two institutions. Students also engage in community service projects together. As with most events in the country, the festivities were canceled or transferred online in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Cheer battle
One of the main spectacles of the "friendship games" is the cheer battles between the students on both sides during each sporting event. Students dress in either blue (Yonsei) or red (Korea) and design their own banners to display at the respective venue to support their respective university. Both institutions are known for their distinctly unique chants: Yonsei University's chant is Akaraka (아카라카) and Korea University's chant is Ipsilenti (입실렌티).
Train Game
After annual Yonsei-Korea (Korea-Yonsei) games, students from both schools engage in the "Train Game" (Korean: 기차놀이). The game is performed in a manner similar to that of making a conga line, forming a line by holding a person in front of another by his/her shoulder. The Trains head to bars, stores, and restaurants to demand food and drinks for free. It is told to both Yonsei and Korea (Korea and Yonsei) students that the tradition originates from the 1980s when pro-democratic student demonstrations were prevalent. The shopkeepers nearby the campuses witnessed the events and sympathized with the cause, thus served food and drinks free of charge to the students.
The practice has drawn criticism, from both the community and students themselves from both universities, as being "outdated" due to inflation since the 2000's and the economic burden placed on shopkeepers and business owners in the vicinity. Complaints from local residents and business owners are mainly directed towards the rude and disruptive behavior of participating students.
Ties with domestic professional sports
The long-standing athletic traditions of both universities has been tied with domestic professional sports, most notably in football and basketball. Criticism has been directed towards the duopoly of the two universities due to the perception that athletes, especially in domestic football, rely on their alma mater's reputation rather than skills to gain a spot in the national team or the institutions having an upper hand in recruiting the country's best talent.
Football
Notable alumni include former national team managers Cha Bum-kun, Huh Jung-moo, Cho Kwang-rae and Hong Myung-bo. Prior to the 2002 FIFA World Cup, the Korea Football Association (KFA) was dogged by accusations of selecting coaches and players of the national team based on hak-yeon (Hangul: 학연) – the Korean language equivalent term of "old boy network" – instead of performances during the season or individual merit. The likes of 2002 World Cup participants such as former national team captain Ahn Jung-hwan, defender Lee Young-pyo and midfielder Park Ji-sung, all of whom are alumni of other universities, finding success overseas prompted observers and fans to question the KFA's selection policy. The criticism came to a head after the failures of the 2018 FIFA World Cup and the KFA's repeated selection of several underperforming players over other better performing players after it emerged that then-KFA Vice President and chairperson of the technical committee Kim Ho-kon and those selected players were all alumni of Yonsei University.
Basketball
While college basketball in South Korea does not enjoy the same popularity as the professional Korean Basketball League, both universities are well-known for producing an illustrious line of professional basketball players, a majority of whom have represented the South Korean national team. The 1990's were often dubbed a "golden era" of domestic college basketball with the Korea-Yonsei rivalry at its peak and both teams boasted legends such as Lee Sang-min, Moon Kyung-eun, Woo Ji-won and Seo Jang-hoon (Yonsei University) and Hyun Joo-yup, Chun Hee-chul and Shin Ki-sung (Korea University), among others. Their popularity continued into their professional careers, making them some of the country's most recognizable athletes of their generation and being collectively dubbed "Oppa Troupe" (오빠부대) by the media as they enjoyed a level of popularity equivalent to that of idol singers. Up until the late 2000's, Chung-Ang University was its only major rival and the three institutions have occasionally been referred to as the "big 3" institutions of college basketball. In more recent years, the rise of Kyung Hee University has challenged the dominance of the three universities.
As of the 2021-22 KBL season, seven winners of the regular season KBL Most Valuable Player Award and the head coaches of nine (out of ten) KBL teams are alumni of either university. The dominance of both Korea University and Yonsei University in the annual rookie draft has been broken to some extent by Chung-Ang, Kyung Hee and Hanyang University but its players continue to be selected within the first round or early in the second round, with fifteen being the overall first picks since the draft was first initiated (as of the 2021 rookie draft). As such, the rivalry is often humorously referenced by the media or players themselves, especially during a period of time when Shin was a SPOTV commentator while Lee, Moon and Hyun were head coaches of Seoul Samsung Thunders, Seoul SK Knights and Changwon LG Sakers respectively.
Olympians
Both Yonsei University and Korea University (Korea University and Yonsei University) send many athletes to the Olympic Games. Four-time gold medalist short track speed skater Chun Lee-Kyung and gymnast Son Yeon-jae are graduates of Yonsei University. Gold medalist figure skater Kim Yuna is a Korea University graduate.
Geographic location
Korea University is located on the northeastern-side of Seoul, and Yonsei University is located on the west-side of Seoul.
See also
SKY (universities) - A grouping of the most prestigious universities in Seoul which includes these two universities along with Seoul National University.
College rivalry
References
External links
Yonsei University
Akaraka - Yonsei University Cheering Squad
Korea University
Ipselenti - Korea University Cheering Squad
Young Tigers - Korea University Flag Cheering Squad
College sports rivalries
Football rivalries in South Korea
Basketball rivalries
Baseball rivalries
Ice hockey rivalries
Rugby union rivalries
Sport in South Korea
Yonsei University
Korea University
The 17th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 17th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Russellville, Kentucky and mustered in for one year. It mustered in under the command of Colonel Samuel F. Johnson.
The regiment was attached to Military Department of Kentucky and assigned to duty at Hopkinsville, Kentucky, and in southern Kentucky, along the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
The 17th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out on September 20, 1865.
Casualties
The regiment lost no members during service.
Commanders
Colonel Samuel F. Johnson
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1865
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1865 establishments in Kentucky
John Howe (1556–1591), of South Ockenden, Essex, was an English Member of Parliament.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) in 1589, in the 7th Parliament of Queen Elizabeth I.
References
1556 births
1591 deaths
16th-century English people
People from Essex
People of the Tudor period
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707)
Woh Aik Pal () is a drama which started airing on 11 March 2017 every Saturdays on Hum TV. The series starring Ayesha Khan, and Feroze Khan playing leads, and stars Ramsha Khan, and Aly Khan playing main antagonist of this series.
Plot
The story revolves around a happily married couple, Unaiza (Ayesha Khan) and Faris (Emmad Irfani) who also have a child, Zaid (Sami Khan). On one tragic rainy night, a trio of friends, which includes Arish (Feroze Khan) attempt to rob Faris but Arish's friends accidentally shoots Faris as Arish tried to take the gun away.
Arish is in love with their college friend, Hina (Ramsha Khan) and has been engaged to them for 5 years. Arish feels guilty as they feel responsible for causing Unaiza to become a widow and their child to become fatherless. Meanwhile, Unaiza who is heartbroken stays at their sister's house where their brother-in-law, Ahsan (Alyy Khan) gives them a tough time. Arish, who is trying to ease their guilt for being a part of Faris' murder starts to help Unazia with their work and becomes good friends with them and their son. While Hina is in Dubai meeting their parents, Arish decides to marry Unaiza to protect them from all the hardships a widowed woman and a single mother has to face in society as well as from their brother-in-law who is trying to take over Faris' business. When Hina comes back from Dubai they come to a total shock and they lash out at the both of them. Later Ahsaan advises Hina to take their revenge for Arish and Unaiza's betrayal. As Arish and Unaiza starting living together as a married couple, they face many misunderstandings and hardships. Unaiza believes that the reason for their failing marriage is because Arish and their betrayed Hina. Despite Arish's disapproval, they bring Hina into their home, where Arish believes that Hina is trying to break their marriage and starts hating them However, while Hina is trying to take revenge from the two, Unaiza and Arish grow closer. Arish also deeply befriends Zaid. A twist of events shows Unaiza discovering Arsih being responsible for their late husband's death as a result of which they start hating him, despite being pregnant with their child. They consider an abortion but is unable to go through with it because they realize that they have fallen for him. In another series of events, Unaiza announces their love for Arish and vice versa, while Hina is heart broken but still manages to forgive them for breaking their heart and for forgiving them for creating all the problems in their married life.
Cast
Ayesha Khan as Uneza
Feroze Khan as Arish
Ramsha Khan as Hina
Alyy Khan as Ehsan
Zara Tareen as Sara
Shamayal Tareen as Nazia
Yasir Mazhar as Danish
Ayesha Khan as Hina's grandmother
Sami Khan as Zaid (child)
Ali Mirza as Dani
Hamza Shah as Rafay
Guest appearance
Emmad Irfani as Faris (Dead)
Digital release
Initially, the show was available on Hum TV's YouTube channel but later its episodes were deleted in 2017. In September 2019, the show was again uploaded by Hum TV but this time the music was muted. It was also released on the iflix app as a part of channel's contract with the app but later on, on terminating the contract in 2019, all the episodes were pulled off and thus had no digital availability to stream. The show is also available on MX Player app.
Accolades
References
External links
Official Website
Hum TV
Urdu-language television shows
Pakistani drama television series
2017 Pakistani television series debuts
Hum TV original programming
Platytropius is a genus of schilbid catfishes native to Asia. One species, P. siamensis is now considered to be extinct.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
†Platytropius siamensis (Sauvage, 1883)
Platytropius yunnanensis He, Huang & Li, 1995
References
Schilbeidae
Horabagridae
Fish of Asia
Freshwater fish genera
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Sunder Lal Hora
Eskilstrup Church (Danish: Eskilstrup Kirke) is a church in Eskilstrup, Denmark. The church dates from the 12th century and was built in the Romanesque style. In accordance with a local tradition, it is painted red. It is best known for its frescos, said to be Denmark's oldest.
History
At the beginning of the 16th century, the church was owned by the bishopric under the administration of its seat at Sørup on Lolland. In 1694, it was annexed to Ønslev Church, 3 km to the west. After the Reformation it came under the Crown until 1767 when it was sold into private ownership. It was, however, soon reacquired by the State until 1852 when it was sold to the farmers of the parish. It gained full independence in 1933.
Architecture
The church consists of a Late Romanesque apse, chancel and nave and a Gothic tower and porch, all built of brick. Pilaster strips decorate the corners of the nave and chancel. The apse and chancel have a rounded foundation base. There is a three-sided wall at the east end of the apse while there are round-arched windows in the side walls. The toothed cornice is decorated a saw-toothed trimming which runs along pilasters to the chancel gable. The nave walls are similarly decorated with cornices and pilasters. The chancel windows resemble those of the apse but they have been extended downwards.
Interior and fittings
The apse's original vaulting develops from a polygonal base to a quarter dome terminating in the rounded apse arch. During the Gothic period, the chancel ceiling was cross-vaulted while the chancel arch was widened and given a pointed top. The nave has retained a flat ceiling. The red brick tower on a fieldstone base has flat arched windows to the south and west. It opens into the nave through a large irregular arch.
The Renaissance altarpiece (1617) is rather a rough piece of rural craftmanship. The large cornice is borne by two Ionic columns. The central painting by Stefan Viggo Pedersen (1926) depicts the announcement of Jesus' birth to the shepherds. Designed by Jørgen Ringnis, the intricately carved pulpit (1639) is in the Auricular style. With the four Evangelists in shell-framed panels, it closely resembles the pulpit in Lolland's Ryde Church. The pilasters have however been renewed during rebuilding work in 1805 although the cherub heads and ornamental decorations have been retained. The hexagonal canopy bears a dove at the top and angels' heads on the corners. The pulpit, staircase and canope are varnished but not coloured.
Frescos
In 1893, frescos were discovered in the apse and chancel, dating to the second half of the 13th century. The chancel fresco, restored by E. Lind in 1942, includes scenes from Christ's childhood including the Flight to Egypt depicting Joseph, Mary and the ass. They are said to be among the oldest in the region.
References
External links
Eskilstrup Kirke with many illustrations.
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
Romanesque architecture in Denmark
Churches in Falster
Church frescos in Denmark
Churches in the Diocese of Lolland–Falster
Bror Johan (Jean) Teodor Jahnsson (7 September 1854 in Stockholm – 5 March 1944) was a Swedish jeweller, art collector and Consul General. Jahnsson joined the goldsmith C.G. Hallberg's factory and shop in Stockholm in 1875, becoming a manager in 1879 and then president in 1896 of the goldsmith firm. In 1927 they were commissioned to evaluate Turkey's treasury.
Jahnsson acquired the old aristocratic Van der Nootska Palace in Stockholm in 1902, which had long been standing and fallen, and saved it from demolition by ensuring it undergo a complete restoration in consultation with a commission of architects which included Isak Gustaf Clason, Kasper Salin and Agi Lindegren and painter Vicke Andrén; it was the latter two who carried out the restoration.
Jahnsson gathered a rich collection at the palace, including mainly Swedish silverware, a collection of hundreds of spoons from the 15th century onwards, porcelain, an unmatched collection of precious bejeweled gold boxes, Swedish miniatures, art furniture, Swedish engraving portraits and a library of much more than 100,000 volumes, including nearly complete collections of Swedish dramatic literature and Reformation writings, Swedish history books and documents etc. Jahnson also had an extensive weapons collection, stored in Stensund Castle. Jahnsson was hit hard by the Kreuger crash in the early 1930s, in which they were stripped of their wealth and forced to leave the Van der Nootska Palace and auction off most of the collections. Stensund Castle was sold to Carl Matthiessen, 1933, and the weapons collection auctioned off . The remainder of Jahnsson's collections from Van der Nootska, which mainly consisted of the Stockholmiana Collection, were donated in 1942 to the Stockholm City Museum of Axel Wenner-Gren, who in February 1938, had bought the Van der Nootska Palace. The Stockholmiana Collection consisted of about 5000 images and about 3000 books and pamphlets.
References
Swedish jewellers
Swedish art collectors
1854 births
1944 deaths
Businesspeople from Stockholm
Donny Harrel (born December 17, 1969) is an American college baseball coach, currently serving as head coach of the Seattle Redhawks baseball team. They were named to that position in the summer of 2008 and helped re-launch the program in the 2010 season.
Playing career
Harrel played at Taft College before being drafted in the 18th round of the 1990 MLB Draft by the Kansas City Royals. They played two seasons in the Royals organization as a first baseman and catcher, reaching Class A.
Coaching career
Harrel began their coaching career as an assistant in the junior college ranks. After serving at Clackamas, Bakersfield, and Taft, they earned the head coaching position at Lane Community College in Eugene, Oregon. Over seven seasons with the Titans, Harrel compiled a record of 223–92 and claimed the 1999 NWAACC Championship. They were named Southern Division Coach of the Year four times and helped build the program with fundraising and facilities improvements during their tenure. They also coached the Bend Elks collegiate summer team and a Eugene-based American Legion Baseball team.
They then served two seasons as an assistant at Oregon State, serving as a volunteer to facilitate the jump from junior college to major conference Division I competition. After two seasons working with outfielders and catchers, Harrel became an assistant at Washington. They served four seasons, working with infielders, hitters and helping with recruiting and several other administrative tasks. They then moved across town to Seattle to help re-establish the Redhawks baseball program. Harrel has led the program into the Western Athletic Conference, narrowly missing the conference tournament in 2013.
Head coaching record
This table reflects Harrel's record as a head coach at the Division I level.
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
External links
Living people
1969 births
People from North Bend, Oregon
Appleton Foxes players
Bakersfield Renegades baseball coaches
California State University, Bakersfield alumni
Clackamas Cougars baseball coaches
Eugene Emeralds players
Lane Titans baseball coaches
Oregon State Beavers baseball coaches
Seattle Redhawks baseball coaches
Taft Cougars baseball coaches
Taft Cougars baseball players
Washington Huskies baseball coaches
Rightangle Peak () is a small rock peak between Snowplume Peak and Camelback Ridge, in the Jones Mountains. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota-Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61. It was named so by the party because the feature presented a right angle profile facing west when viewed from Camp Minnesota (from northward).
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Fútbol Sala Zamora is a futsal club based in Zamora, city of the province of Zamora in the autonomous community of Castile and León.
The club was founded in 2001 and their stadium is Pabellón Polideportivo Ángel Nieto with 2,200 seaters.
Club sponsors are Euronics, Fisiolife and Moralejo Selección.
Season to season
1 season in Primera División
7 seasons in Segunda División
7 seasons in Segunda División B
External links
F.S. Zamora Official Website
LPR Fan forum
Frente Viriato Supporters
Blog about the club and its players
Sport in Zamora, Spain
Futsal clubs in Castile and León
Futsal clubs established in 2001
2001 establishments in Spain
Anděl (masculine) or Andělová (feminine) is a Czech language surname literally meaning "angel". Notable people with surname Anděl/Andělová or Andel include:
(1821-1895), Czech daguerreotyper, lithographer, painter, photographer, graphic artist and miniaturist
Karel Anděl (1884–1947), Czech astronomer and selenographer
(1908-1984), Czech anti-Nazi resistance activist and Righteous Among the Nations
(born 1946), Czech physician and educator
(born 1950), Czech politician and statesman
Pavel Anděl (born 1964), Czech actor, musician, writer, dramaturge, and television presenter
(1924-2018), Czech historian and educator
Laura Andel (born 1968), Argentinian musician, conductor and composer of Moldovan descent
See also
Van Andel
Czech-language surnames
Russell Hendry (born 2 March 1939) is a New Zealand former cricketer. They played 34 first-class matches for Otago between 1961 and 1974.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Naganathaswamy Temple is a Siva temple in Peraiyur in Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu (India).
Location
This temple is located in Pudukkottai-Ponnamaravathi road, at a distance of 12 km. from Pudukkottai. This is one of the important temples devoted to Nāga.
Presiding deity
As Naga worshipped the presiding deity it is known as Naganathaswamy. The Goddess is known as Prahathambal. This place is known as Shenbagavanam and Girikshetram. In the kosta of the presiding deity, Annamalaiyar, Brahma, Gajalakshmi and Subramania are found. In the north prakara shrines of Chandikesvarar and Durga are found.
Nagaraja worship
In the temple campus, granite Nāgas donated by the devotees, measuring to from 6" to 2' height are found. Such donated Nāgas are also set up in the compound wall of the temple. Naga worship, starts from the worship of Nature. In this temple, Kumbhabhishekhams were held in 1865, 1977 and 1989.
Inscriptions
Inscriptions pertaining to Rajendra Chola (1012-1044 CE) are found in this temple. Inscription of Cholas, Pandyas, Vijayanaga, Tondaimans of Arantangi and Pudukkottai are also found in this temple.
Festival
During Adippuram for Goddess and during Panguni Chittirai for the presiding deity flag hoisting is held in a grand manner.Car festival is held in this temple.
Another Shiva temple
There is also another Shiva temple in Peraiyur, known as Devanathaswamy Temple, one of the shrines of the Vaippu Sthalams sung by Tamil Saivite Nayanar Sundarar.
References
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
Shiva temples in Pudukkottai district
Pablo Curatella Manes (December 14, 1891November 14, 1962) was a prolific Argentine sculptor.
Life and work
Born in La Plata in 1891 to Clara Manes, a Greek Argentine immigrant, and Antonio Curatella, from Italy, Curatella Manes first acquired an interest in sculpture during their frequent childhood visits to the newly inaugurated La Plata Fine Arts Museum. They entered the labor force in 1905 as a typographer in a printing house, though an accident some months later ended their career in that industry. Drawing on their childhood interest, they were taught the basics of sculpture by Arturo Dresco, who owned a local atelier.
The Curatellas relocated to Buenos Aires, where the young sculptor enrolled in the National Fine Arts School in 1907. A rebellious streak promptly led to their expulsion, though Curatella earned an apprenticeship in 1908 under Lucio Correa Morales, with whom they worked on a number of works commissioned by Public Parks Director Charles Thays. Following the 1910 elections, they created a commemorative gold medal for Vice President-elect Victorino de la Plaza, who secured a scholarship for Curatella that took them to Florence and Rome. Curatella traveled extensively in Italy, as well as much of western Europe, touring the region's museums and cathedrals. On their return to Argentina in 1912, National Fine Arts School director Ernesto de la Cárcova nearly ordered the funds' repayment, objecting to travel and activities not covered by the scholarship, desisting from the punishment after being shown a folio of Curatella's prolific work.
Their first Buenos Aires exhibit, in 1912, was followed by a return to Europe. They settled in the Montparnasse section of Paris and studied under Aristide Maillol and Emile-Antoine Bourdelle, but was forced to return home after the outbreak of World War I. In their native La Plata they opened an art gallery, the Salón de Otoño (Autumn Salon), in 1916. A brief return in 1917 to Paris, where Curatella worked under Maillol, Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier, was eventually followed by a second scholarship, with which they settled in Paris in 1920. Studying under Henri Laurens, Juan Gris, Constantin Brâncuși and Le Corbusier, Curatella explored Cubism, and their sculptures became more avant-garde; they also established their first atelier, where they acquired the habit of creating and destroying sculptures in a single day.
They married French painter Germaine Derbecqre in 1922 and in 1926, was given a post in the Argentine Embassy. Returning to Argentina in 1929, they exhibited Las Tres Gracias (The Three Graces), which marked a departure towards the Abstract which would typify their work in subsequent years. Commissioned to create wall reliefs for the Argentine Pavilion in the 1937 Paris Exhibition, Curatella returned to France and opened an atelier on rue Lauriston, in Paris. Their monumental Tierra Argentina and Los Dos Hemisferios ("Argentina" and "The Two Hemispheres") earned them the honor of serving in the Paris Exhibition's sculpture jury, and following the event, they were made an Officer of the Légion d'honneur. Reappointed to the embassy in 1939 as a chargé d'affaires, Curatella oversaw the repatriation of Argentine nationals in France following the Nazi invasion of France in 1940. Following World War II, they oversaw the reopening of the Argentine Embassy, as well as the reconstruction of the Boulogne-Sur-Mer home where the hero of the Argentine War of Independence, General José de San Martín, died in 1850.
Curatella continued to sculpt during their diplomatic tenure, and was among those who in 1946 reinaugurated the Salon des Indépendants, an artists' society and exhibit series banned by the Vichy regime. They remained active in the salon until being transferred to the Embassy in Athens in 1949, upon which they donated thirty-one works to the Argentine government for the purpose of creating a museum of modern art (which were added to the National Museum of Fine Arts, instead). They contributed to Unesco festivals and was appointed to the organizing committee for Expo 58, while accepting a commission from architect Mario Roberto Álvarez for two reliefs, El Drama and La Comedia, for display in the public San Martín Theatre, inaugurated in 1960. Curatella returned to the diplomatic corps in 1958, as an official in the Argentine Embassy in Brussels, whereby they oversaw the Argentine pavilion at Expo 58 and was honored with the Order of Leopold. Invited as a commissioner of the 1961 Paris Biennale, they reopened their rue Lauriston atelier. Their El Guitarrista and Torso Femenino were acquired by the Modern Art Museum of the City of Paris, but a sudden illness forced the noted sculptor to return to Buenos Aires, where they died in 1962, at age 70.
They lived to see their vision for the Buenos Aires Museum of Modern Art, which was opened in 1956 by art critic Rafael Squirru; a number of Curatella's works are among its collections.
References
1891 births
1962 deaths
People from La Plata
Argentine people of Greek descent
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine diplomats
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
20th-century Argentine sculptors
20th-century Argentine male artists
Male sculptors
Sindooracheppu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Madhu and produced by Yusufali Kecheri. The film stars Madhu, Jayabharathi, Prema and Sankaradi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. The movie won Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Film.
Cast
Madhu as Keshavan
Jayabharathi as Ammalu
Prema as Devu
Sankaradi as Sankaran Nair
Shobha as young Ammalu
T. S. Muthaiah as Appunni Kaimal
Paravoor Bharathan as Kittu Kurup
Philomina as Pithachu
Premji as Thirumeni
Bahadoor as Mammad
Radhamani as Neeli
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan
B.K Pottakadu
Sudevan
B. Krishna
J.A.R Anand
Baby Vijaya
Master Vijaya Kumar
Soundtrack
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Prices Corners may refer to:
A community within East Garafraxa, Dufferin County, Southern Ontario, Canada
A community within Oro-Medonte, Simcoe County, Southern Ontario, Canada
See also
Prices Corner, Delaware, United States
Cassida deflorata is a greenish coloured beetle in the leaf beetle family.
Distribution
The beetle can be found in Africa, including Algeria and Morocco, as well as in European countries like France, Italy, Portugal and Spain.
Habitat
The species feeds on plants in the family Asteraceae, including Arctium lappa, Carduus tenuiflorus, Cirsium dyris, cardoon, artichoke, Jacobaea maritima and Silybum marianum.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1844
Beetles of North Africa
Beetles of Europe
Taxa named by Christian Wilhelm Ludwig Eduard Suffrian
The epidemiology of cancer is the study of the factors affecting cancer, as a way to infer possible trends and causes. The study of cancer epidemiology uses epidemiological methods to find the cause of cancer and to identify and develop improved treatments.
This area of study must contend with problems of lead time bias and length time bias. Lead time bias is the concept that early diagnosis may artificially inflate the survival statistics of a cancer, without really improving the natural history of the disease. Length bias is the concept that slower growing, more indolent tumors are more likely to be diagnosed by screening tests, but improvements in diagnosing more cases of indolent cancer may not translate into better patient outcomes after the implementation of screening programs. A related concern is overdiagnosis, the tendency of screening tests to diagnose diseases that may not actually impact the patient's longevity. This problem especially applies to prostate cancer and PSA screening.
Some cancer researchers have argued that negative cancer clinical trials lack sufficient statistical power to discover a benefit to treatment. This may be due to fewer patients enrolled in the study than originally planned.
Organizations
State and regional cancer registries are organizations that abstract clinical data about cancer from patient medical records. These institutions provide information to state and national public health groups to help track trends in cancer diagnosis and treatment. One of the largest and most important cancer registries is Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER), administered by the US Federal government.
Health information privacy concerns have led to the restricted use of cancer registry data in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and other institutions. The American Cancer Society predicts that approximately 1,690,000 new cancer cases will be diagnosed and 577,000 Americans will ultimately die of cancer in 2012.
Studies
Observational epidemiological studies that show associations between risk factors and specific cancers mostly serve to generate hypotheses about potential interventions that could reduce cancer incidence or morbidity. Randomized controlled trials then test whether hypotheses generated by epidemiological studies and laboratory research actually result in reduced cancer incidence and mortality. In many cases, findings from observational epidemiological studies are not confirmed by randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors
The most significant risk factor is age. According to cancer researcher Robert A. Weinberg, "If we lived long enough, sooner or later we all would get cancer." Essentially all of the increase in cancer rates between prehistoric times and people who died in England between 1901 and 1905 is due to increased lifespans.
Although the age-related increase in cancer risk is well-documented, the age-related patterns of cancer are complex. Some types of cancer, like testicular cancer, have early-life incidence peaks, for reasons unknown. Besides, the rate of age-related increase in cancer incidence varies between cancer types with, for instance, prostate cancer incidence accelerating much faster than brain cancer. It has been proposed that the age distribution of cancer incidence can be viewed as the distribution of probability to accumulate the required number of driver events by the given age.
Over a third of cancer deaths worldwide (and about 75-80% of cancers in the United States) are due to potentially modifiable risk factors. The leading modifiable risk factors worldwide are:
tobacco smoking, which is strongly associated with lung cancer, mouth, and throat cancer;
drinking alcohol, which is associated with a small increase in oral, esophageal, breast, liver and other cancers;
a diet low in fruit and vegetables,
physical inactivity, which is associated with increased risk of colon, breast, and possibly other cancers
obesity, which is associated with colon, breast, endometrial, and possibly other cancers
sexual transmission of human papillomavirus, which causes cervical cancer and some forms of anal cancer, vaginal cancer, vulvar cancer, penile cancer, rectal cancer, and oropharyngeal cancer.
Men with cancer are twice as likely as women to have a modifiable risk factor for their disease.
Other lifestyle and environmental factors known to affect cancer risk (either beneficially or detrimentally) include the use of exogenous hormones (e.g., hormone replacement therapy causes breast cancer), exposure to ionizing radiation and ultraviolet radiation, and certain occupational and chemical exposures.
Every year, at least 200,000 people die worldwide from cancer related to their workplace. Millions of workers run the risk of developing cancers such as pleural and peritoneal mesothelioma from inhaling asbestos fibers, or leukemia from exposure to benzene at their workplaces. Currently, most cancer deaths caused by occupational risk factors occur in the developed world. It is estimated that approximately 20,000 cancer deaths and 40,000 new cases of cancer each year in the U.S. are attributable to occupation.
Rates and mortality
In the U.S. cancer is second only to cardiovascular disease as the leading cause of death; in the UK it is the leading cause of death. In many developing countries cancer incidence (insofar as this can be measured) appears much lower, most likely because of the higher death rates due to infectious disease or injury. With the increased control over malaria and tuberculosis in some Third World countries, incidence of cancer is expected to rise; in the Eastern Mediterranean region, for example, cancer incidence is expected to increase by 100% to 180% in the next 15 years due to increases in life expectancy, an increasing proportion of elderly people, and the successful control of childhood disease. This is termed the epidemiologic transition in epidemiological terminology.
Cancer epidemiology closely mirrors risk factor spread in various countries. Hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer) is rare in the West but is the main cancer in China and neighbouring countries, most likely due to the endemic presence of hepatitis B and aflatoxin in that population. Similarly, with tobacco smoking becoming more common in various Third World countries, lung cancer incidence has increased in a parallel fashion.
India
According to the National Cancer Registry Programme of the India Council of Medical Research (ICMR), more than 1300 Indians die every day due to cancer. Between 2012 and 2014, the mortality rate due to cancer increased by approximately 6%. In 2012, there were 478,180 deaths out of 2,934,314 cases reported. In 2013 there were 465,169 deaths out of 3,016,628 cases. In 2014, 491,598 people died in out of 2,820,179 cases.
According to the Population Cancer Registry of Indian Council of Medical Research, the incidence and mortality of cancer is highest in the north-eastern region of the country. Breast cancer is the most common, and stomach cancer is the leading cause of death by cancer for the population as a whole. Breast cancer and lung cancer kill the most women and men respectively.
Canada
In Canada, as of 2007, cancer is the number one cause of death, contributing to 29.6% of all deaths in the country. The second highest cause of death is cardiovascular diseases resulting in 21.5% of deaths. As of 2011, prostate cancer was the most common form of cancer among males (about 28% of all new cases) and breast cancer the most common in females (also about 28% of all new cases).
The leading cause of death in both males and females is lung cancer, which contributes to 26.8% of all cancer deaths. Statistics indicate that between the ages of 20 and 50 years, the incidence rate of cancer is higher amongst women whereas after 50 years of age, the incidence rate increases in men. Predictions by the Canadian Cancer Society indicate that with time, there will be an increase in the rates of incidence of cancer for both males and females. Cancer will thus continue to be a persistent issue in years to come.
United States
In the United States, cancer is responsible for 25% of all deaths with 30% of these from lung cancer. The most commonly occurring cancer in men is prostate cancer (about 25% of new cases) and in women is breast cancer (also about 25%). Cancer can occur in children and adolescents, but it is uncommon (about 150 cases per million in the U.S.), with leukemia the most common. In the first year of life the incidence is about 230 cases per million in the U.S., with the most common being neuroblastoma. Data from 2004 to 2008 in the United States indicates that the overall age-adjusted incidence of cancer was approximately 460 per 100,000 men and women per year.
Cancer is responsible for about 25% of all deaths in the U.S., and is a major public health problem in many parts of the world. The statistics below are estimates for the U.S. in 2008, and may vary substantially in other countries. They exclude basal and squamous cell skin cancers, and carcinoma in situ in locations other than the urinary bladder. As seen, breast/prostate cancer, lung cancer and colorectal cancer are responsible for approximately half of cancer incidence. The same applies for cancer mortality, but with lung cancer replacing breast/prostate cancer as the main cause.
In 2016, an estimated 1,685,210 new cases of cancer will be diagnosed in the United States and 595,690 people will die from the disease.
Incidence of a second cancer in survivors
In the developed world, one in three people will develop cancer during their lifetimes. If all cancer patients survived and cancer occurred randomly, the normal lifetime odds of developing a second primary cancer (not the first cancer spreading to a new site) would be one in nine. However, cancer survivors have an increased risk of developing a second primary cancer, and the odds are about two in nine. About half of these second primaries can be attributed to the normal one-in-nine risk associated with random chance.
The increased risk is believed to be primarily due to the same risk factors that produced the first cancer, such as the person's genetic profile, alcohol and tobacco use, obesity, and environmental exposures, and partly due, in some cases, to the treatment for the first cancer, which might have included mutagenic chemotherapeutic drugs or radiation. Cancer survivors may also be more likely to comply with recommended screening, and thus may be more likely than average to detect cancers.
Children
Childhood cancer and cancer in adolescents is rare (about 150 cases per million yearly in the US). Leukemia (usually acute lymphoblastic leukemia) is the most common cancer in children aged 1–14 in the U.S., followed by the central nervous system cancers, neuroblastoma, Wilms' tumor, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Statistics from the SEER program of the US NCI demonstrate that childhood cancers increased 19% between 1975 and 1990, mainly due to an increased incidence in acute leukemia. Since 1990, incidence rates have decreased.
Infants
The age of peak incidence of cancer in children occurs during the first year of life, in infants. The average annual incidence in the United States, 1975–1995, was 233 per million infants. Several estimates of incidence exist. According to SEER, in the United States:
Neuroblastoma comprised 28% of infant cancer cases and was the most common malignancy among these young children (65 per million infants).
The leukemias as a group (41 per million infants) represented the next most common type of cancer, comprising 17% of all cases.
Central nervous system malignancies comprised 13% of infant cancer, with an average annual incidence rate of nearly 30 per million infants.
The average annual incidence rates for malignant germ cell and malignant soft tissue tumors were essentially the same at 15 per million infants. Each comprised about 6% of infant cancer.
Teratoma (a germ cell tumor) often is cited as the most common tumor in this age group, but most teratomas are surgically removed while still benign, hence not necessarily cancer. Prior to the widespread routine use of prenatal ultrasound examinations, the incidence of sacrococcygeal teratomas diagnosed at birth was 25 to 29 per million births.
Female and male infants have essentially the same overall cancer incidence rates, a notable difference compared to older children.
White infants have higher cancer rates than black infants. Leukemias accounted for a substantial proportion of this difference: the average annual rate for white infants (48.7 per million) was 66% higher than for
black infants (29.4 per million).
Relative survival for infants is very good for neuroblastoma, Wilms' tumor and retinoblastoma, and fairly good (80%) for leukemia, but not for most other types of cancer.
See also
List of countries by cancer rate
Epidemiology of breast cancer
General:
Cancer cluster
Cancer research
Genetic epidemiology
Incidentaloma, a symptom-free tumor that is found accidentally and whose treatment may be unimportant
References
External links
CANCERMondial — International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC)
Cancer Epidemiology Resources — CancerIndex
Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results — National Cancer Institute
Cancer's global footprint — Pulitzer Center
Cancer
Carcinogenesis
Makhtar Gueye (born 7 January 1997) is a Senegalese basketball player. They play for the Senegal national basketball team and the College team UAB Blazers.
College career
Gueye joined UAB Blazers in 2017 from Aspire academy, in their first-year student season they played 32 games averaged 2.2 ponts, 1.59 rebounds and 0.22 assists. They scored eight points in their UAB debut against Jacksonville, and their high score for the season was 9 points in a win over Alabama A&M
In their sophomore year, they played in all 35 games and made 28 starts. They averaged 8.26 ponts, 6.69 rebounds and 0.80 assists.
In their Junior year they played 32 games and made 28 starts, averaging 6.81 ponts, 5.09 rebounds and 0.75 assists.
National Team Career
Makhtar Gueye represented the Senegal national basketball team at the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup in China, where they averaged 4.7 points and 0.7 rebounds per game.
References
External links
usbasket.com profile
1997 births
Living people
Forwards (basketball)
People from Rufisque
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in the United States
Senegalese men's basketball players
UAB Blazers men's basketball players
2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
Kristin Meyer (born 27 June 1974 in Dortmund) is a German actor.
Career
Meyer studied acting and singing at the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig. From 2001 to 2005, they acted in several theaters in Germany, where they notably played classical leading roles such as Elisabeth in Shakespeare's Richard III.
From 2007 to 2010, they played the role of Iris Coster in the soap opera Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten. They also played Romy in the series Ein Fall für Nadja.
 They are married to film director, actor and dubbing actor . After staying in Saxony and Bavaria, they now live in Berlin.
Since 2010, Kristin Meyer has been supporting the orphanage St. Moses Children's Care Centre in Uganda.
During the 2017 German federal election campaign, Meyer endorsed the Social Democratic Party and its top candidate Martin Schulz. Meyer is an ambassador of Björn Steiger Foundation and a project godmother of the .
Filmography
2000: Polizeiruf 110 – Blutiges Eis (TV series)
2000: Tatort – Quartett in Leipzig (TV series)
2000: In aller Freundschaft (TV series)
2001: Wolffs Revier (TV series)
2006: Der Gast (short film)
2007: Ein Fall für Nadja (TV series)
2007: Küstenwache (TV series)
2007–2010: Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten (TV series)
2008: SOKO Wismar (TV series)
2008: Hallo Robbie! (TV series)
2010: Da kommt Kalle (TV series)
2011: SOKO 5113 (TV series)
2011: Leipzig Homicide (TV series)
2012: Schloss Einstein (TV series)
2012: Anna und die Liebe (TV series)
2012: Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (short film)
2012: Der Kriminalist (TV series)
2014: Tatort – Winternebel
seit 2014: Ein Fall von Liebe (TV series)
2016–2017: Unter uns (TV series)
2019: Zoo Doctor: My Mom the Vet (TV series)
References
External links
Kristin Meyer's official website
21st-century German actores
German film actores
German television actores
German stage actores
1974 births
Actors from Dortmund
Living people
Luciola is a genus of "flashing" fireflies (family Lampyridae), especially well known from Japan. They are often called "Japanese fireflies", but their members range farther into Asia and reach southern Europe (Italy, France, Spain, Portugal, among other countries) and Africa. This genus is traditionally held to extend to Australia, but these species do not seem to belong herein (see below for details).
Biological description
Unlike some other fireflies, the females of Luciola are fully winged. Ecologically, the genus is remarkable in that the larvae of several species are aquatic. The adults of the typical Luciola are similar to those of Atyphella which was formerly included in this genus. They can be easily distinguished by the males' aedeagus however, which in Luciola proper has large lateral lobes that do not taper and have elongated, slender and flattened smaller lobes along their ventral margin. The middle lobe of the males' aedeagus is very slim and has a point before the tip. By contrast, the Australian group resembles Pyrophanes in its lateral lobes of the aedeagus being small and not visible from beneath. But unlike in Pyrophanes, the sheath of the aedeagus lacks paraprocts, and the seventh ventrite of the abdomen lacks the hairy lobes and points at its hind margin.
Two Japanese species of Luciola, collectively known as hotaru (蛍), are significant in Japanese culture and folklore. They are symbols of the hitodama (人魂 or 人玉), the souls of the newly-dead. See also the explanations at the article on the movie Hotaru no Haka ("Grave of the Fireflies") for a discussion of the cultural significance of the hotaru.
Systematics
Luciola in the narrow sense appears to be most closely related to a rather basal group of Luciolinae, including Bourgeoisia and Lampyroidea and Hotaria. Their relationships are not well resolved and Hotaria is sometimes merged with Luciola. On the other hand, the genera Atyphella and Pygoluciola, which for some time were included in Luciola, is now again recognized as distinct.
The internal systematics of Luciola are somewhat in need of revision, and it is not certain whether these species are all correctly assigned to this genus. For example, the Australian species appear to be separate and not very closely related to the other members of this genus, but rather to Colophotia, Pteroptyx and Pyrophanes. Whether the larvae of these can be recognized by the share soft terga lacking paranota, or whether this is a plesiomorphic trait also present in other Luciolinae, remains to be determined.
L. deplanata might be worthy of separation in a monotypic genus Photuroluciola.
But considering the fact that many species remain essentially unstudied, a 2008 review of the genus concluded that:
"A phylogenetic analysis [...] may give indications for subdivisions within Luciola. However, there are elements of the cart and the horse here – which should come first? Break up Luciola based on narrow analyses, or wait until more analyses are available? It is our contention that those Luciolinae species which do not fit elsewhere should either be described as Luciola sp. or remain undescribed until such time as phylogenetic analyses indicate a repeatable pattern of subdivisions with Luciola. Any other action would be, in our opinion, premature."
In 2010, leii, ficta, hydrophila and lateralis were transferred to the genus Aquatica.
Selected species
Luciola anceyi – (大端黑螢)
Luciola bourgeoisi
Luciola capensis Fabricius, 1775
Luciola cerata Olivier, 1911 (黑翅螢)
Luciola chinensis
Luciola cowleyi
Luciola cruciata – genjibotaru (源氏蛍), includes L. vitticollis.
Luciola curtithorax
Luciola davidis Olivier, 1895 (Pygoluciola?)
Luciola dejeani
Luciola deplanata (Photuroluciola?)
Luciola discicollis
Luciola dubia
Luciola filiformis
Luciola (filiformis) yayeyamana
Luciola fissicollis
Luciola flava
Luciola flavida
Luciola fletcheri
Luciola fukienensis
Luciola gorhami
Luciola impedita
Luciola italica (Linnaeus, 1767) (including L. pedemontana)
Luciola japonica
Luciola judaica
Luciola kagiana
Luciola kervillei
Luciola klapperichi
Luciola kuroiwae (Pygoluciola?)
Luciola laticollis
Luciola limbalis
Luciola lusitanica (Charpentier, 1825)
Luciola mongolica
Luciola nitescens
Luciola novaki Müller, 1946
Luciola ovalis
Luciola owadai
Luciola picea
Luciola picticollis
Luciola pieli
Luciola praeusta
Luciola roseicollis
Luciola satoi
Luciola stigmaticollis
Luciola substriata
Luciola terminalis
Luciola trilucida
Luciola trivandrensis
Luciola vespertina
The distinct Australian group includes species such as:
Luciola australis
Luciola flavicollis
Luciola nigra
Luciola orapallida
The species undulata was recently removed to Atyphella, and guigliae, hamulata, kinabalua, stylifer and witmeri were reestablished as Pygoluciola.
Footnotes
References
(2006): A phylogenetic reassessment of the rare S. E. Asian firefly genus Pygoluciola Wittmer (Coleoptera: Lampyridae: Luciolinae). Raffles Bulletin of Zoology 53(1): 21–48. PDF fulltext
(2002): A description of larvae and redescription of adults of the firefly Pteroptyx valida Olivier in Selangor, Malaysia (Coleoptera: Lampyridae: Luciolinae), with notes of Luciolinae larvae. Raffles Bulletin of Zoology 50(1): 101–109. PDF fulltext
(2008): Taxonomy and behaviour of lucioline fireflies (Coleoptera: Lampyridae: Luciolinae) with redefinition and new species of Pygoluciola Wittmer from mainland China and review of Luciola LaPorte. Zootaxa 1733: 1–44. PDF abstract
(2010): Aquatica gen. nov. from mainland China with a description of Aquatica Wuhana sp. nov. (Coleoptera: Lampyridae: Luciolinae). Zootaxa 2530: 1–18. PDF abstract
(2007): Phylogeny of North American fireflies (Coleoptera: Lampyridae): Implications for the evolution of light signals. Mol. Phylogenet. Evol. 45(1): 33–49. (HTML abstract)
Lampyridae
Lampyridae genera
Bioluminescent insects
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Aix Group is a French-Israeli-Palestinian-international economic study team hosted by the Université Aix-Marseille (AMU) in the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the South of France in coordination with the DATA Center for Studies and Research in the Palestinian Authority, the Harry S. Truman Institute for the Advancement of Peace in Jerusalem and, until 2015, the Peres Center for Peace in Israel and. Their aim is to inform policymakers of the economic costs of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, as well as to provide policymakers with economic solutions towards a two-state solution, and detail how each could benefit by improving economic cooperation.
Previous publications
Since its formation in 2002 the Aix Group published a series of position papers on economic issues related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The aim of the position papers is to provide policymakers with 'ready-to-use' economic policies should a final status agreement between Israel and the Palestinians be concluded. To date the Aix Group has published four position papers.
Economic Road Map: An Israeli-Palestinian Perspective on Permanent Status (2004)
Outlines recommendations for future long-term economic relations between Israel and Palestine in the following policy fields: trade, labour, monetary, fiscal and investment.
Israel and Palestine: Between Disengagement and the Economic Road Map (2005)
Analyzes the risks and benefits of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan from Gaza and the West Bank, implemented by Israel in the summer of 2005. Potential outcomes arising from the withdrawal are discussed, as well as its effects on the survival of the Palestinian economy.
Economic Dimensions of a Two-State Agreement between Israel and Palestine (2007)
Examination of four key economic issues that need addressing for advancing the two-state solution.
Economic Cooperation in Jerusalem
Economic Aspects of the Palestinian Refugee Issue
Cooperation in Infrastructure Issues
Topics of contemporary importance (i.e. Palestinian labour, development of the Jordan Valley and transitional trade agreements)
Economic Dimensions of a Two-State Solution Agreement Between Israel and Palestine, Vol II: Supplementary Papers (2010)
Further examination of five important economic issues with respect to peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians
The comparative political-economic viability of a two-state solution versus a one-state solution
Economic Aspects of the Palestinian Refugee Issue
The territorial link between Gaza and the West Bank
Economic Development of the Jordan Valley
The Union for the Mediterranean (EU-MED)
Territorial link between Gaza and the West Bank
Israelis and Palestinians have agreed in principle to the creation of a link between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, referred to as a "permanent safe passage" by Bill Clinton in the 2000 Clinton Parameters.
The Aix Group has offered proposals on the design and cost of a territorial link between the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. They recommended the construction of a joint motorway and rail link between the Karni Crossing in the Gaza Strip and El Majed Crossing on the West Bank. They estimate the cost of the project up to $1 billion, to be financed by the World Bank as a long term loan to Palestine.
Palestinian refugees
One of the Aix Group's ongoing issues relates to the design of an economic agreement concerning the Palestinian refugees. They estimate that a fair package of resettlement or rehabilitation for the 4.5 million registered refugees would run to between $55 billion and $85 billion, the cost of which would be divided between the UN and the Israeli and Palestinian governments.
Economic consequences of the ongoing Israeli–Palestinian conflict
In 2011, in the run-up to the Palestinian bid for statehood at the United Nations the Aix Group published a research paper on the current state of the Palestinian economy and the possible economic outcomes should the Palestinian statehood bid succeed or fail ('"September" as a Crossroads'). The research was conducted jointly by Israeli economists Yitshak Gal and Arie Arnon along with Palestinian economists Shawqi Makhtoub and Saeb Bamya.
Although the Palestinian economy has shown robust levels of growth since the end of the Second Intifada the report's findings highlight the inherent weaknesses of the Palestinian economy and how the current political and economic status quo between Israel and the Palestinians remains unsustainable. According to the researchers, a failure to resume peace negotiations based on the principle of a two-state solution may result in the dangerous transformation of the West Bank into a Gaza-style scenario.
To date the position paper has been widely commented upon, both on national Israeli television and in a number of Israeli and Palestinian financial publications.
Links to publications
Economic Road Map: An Israeli-Palestinian Perspective on Permanent Status (2004)
Israel and Palestine: Between Disengagement and the Economic Road Map (2005)
Economic Dimensions of a Two-State Agreement Between Israel and Palestine (2007)
Economic Dimensions of a Two-State Agreement Between Israel and Palestine, Vol II: Supplementary Papers (2010)
"September" as a Crossroads: An Opportunity for a Two-State Solution and the Risks of the Status Quo and Escalation (2011)
References
External links
Aix Group
The Peres Center for Peace
Non-governmental organizations involved in the Israeli–Palestinian peace process
Israeli–Palestinian joint economic efforts
A pumice raft is a floating raft of pumice created by some eruptions of submarine volcanoes or coastal subaerial volcanoes.
Biologists suggest that animals and plants have migrated from island to island on pumice rafts.
Pumice rafts have unique characteristics such as the highest surface-area-to-volume ratio known for any rock type, long term flotation and beaching in the tidal zone, exposure to a variety of conditions, including dehydration, and an ability to absorb many potentially advantageous elements/compounds. For at least these reasons, astrobiologists have hypothetically proposed pumice rafts as an ideal substrate for the origin of life.
Notable examples
Pumice rafts drifted to Fiji in 1979 and 1984 from eruptions around Tonga, and some were reportedly wide.
Volcanic activity in the South Pacific near Tonga on August 12, 2006 caused the emergence of a new island. The crew of the Maiken, a yacht that had left the northern Tongan islands group of Vava'u in August, reported that they had seen streaks of light, porous pumice stone floating in the water—and then had "sailed into a vast, many-miles-wide belt of densely packed pumice". They went on to witness the ephemeral island known as Home Reef breaching the surface.
A very large pumice raft appeared near New Zealand in August 2012. It was reported to be spread on an area long and about wide, with pumice blocks poking up to above the ocean surface. On 10 August 2012 a raft with an estimated area of was observed near Raoul Island, north-east of New Zealand by the Royal New Zealand Navy. A possible source for the pumice was the July 2012 eruption of Havre seamount in the Kermadec Islands north of New Zealand. (See: 2012 Kermadec Islands eruption).
In August 2019, a large floating pumice raft covering was discovered in the tropical Pacific Ocean near Late Island in the Kingdom of Tonga. Sailors described a “rubble slick made up of rocks from marble to basketball size such that water was not visible,” as well as a smell of sulfur.
Sandy Island, a non-existent island near New Caledonia, was reported in 1876 by the whaling ship Velocity and subsequently included on some maps well into the 20th century. According to a team of University of Sydney scientists, it is possible that this false report may have been occasioned by pumice rafts being mistaken by the Velocity for dry land.
See also
Curacoa volcano
Floating island
Lava balloons
References
External links
Pumice raft in South China Sea near Vietnam in August 1986
Pumice rafts in Fiji produced by the eruption of Home Reef volcano, Tonga in 2006
Volcanoes
Volcanology
Rafts
Floating islands
"On a Clear Day I Can't See My Sister" is the eleventh episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 6, 2005. A repeat of this episode also replaced the episode "The Father, the Son, and the Holy Guest Star", which was supposed to air on April 10, 2005, due to the death of Pope John Paul II 8 days earlier.
Plot
The students of Springfield Elementary go on a field trip to the almost completely melted Springfield Glacier. Bart repeatedly bullies Lisa because they are enjoying the trip, and as revenge, Lisa obtains a restraining order against Bart that prevents them from coming within 20 feet (6 m) of them Lisa uses the restraining order - and a 20-foot (6 m) pole made by Homer to enforce it - to continually torment Bart, making them ride behind the school bus in a shopping cart and eat their school lunch outside in the rain, and later forcing them into the "Gay Interest" section of the library in order to humiliate him.
Marge decides to get an appeal for lifting the restraining order, but Bart repeatedly insults Judge Harm during the hearing, leading Judge Harm to expand the order to 200 feet (60 m), forcing Bart to live in the Simpsons' backyard. They soon realizes that they can live the natural way, taking off their clothes, urinating anywhere they want and playing with wild dogs. Seeing Bart's feral behaviour, Marge suggests to Lisa that they may have gone too far. Lisa responds that Bart has not done any nice things for them recently, but when Marge points out two examples to the contrary, they promise to destroy the order when they think of a third thing. They later sees Bart building a statue of her, and is impressed, but when they find out that it was going to be burned, and Bart lies about why, Lisa says how they miss Bart's lies. They burn the restraining order and the pole, while the family reunites and plays Tijuana Taxi.
In the subplot, Homer is hired as a greeter for Sprawl-Mart, a job they like because there is no pressure to advance. The manager creates a fake Mexican ID card for him, in order to force them to work overtime without a pay bonus under threat of being deported, and Homer and their co-workers are later locked in the superstore late at night, with a chip implanted in the back of Homer's neck. They remove it and joins their co-workers in stealing from the store by using a forklift to move several plasma TVs.
Censorship
Following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and the associated nuclear emergency, the episode was pulled from ProSieben due to jokes about nuclear meltdowns. It was also pulled from Network 10 in Australia for a similar reason.
References
External links
The Simpsons (season 16) episodes
2005 American television episodes
The Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) is the governing body of the city of Ulhasnagar in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is part of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region and Thane district (Urban) in Konkan division. It has 78 members. Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras (Chennai) in 1688, later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay (Mumbai) and Calcutta (Kolkata) by 1762. Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation is headed by Mayor of city and governed by Commissioner. Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation has been formed with functions to improve the infrastructure of town.
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
List of Chairman, Standing Committee
Overview
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police. Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
Corporation Election 2012
Political performance in Election 2012
The results of Election 2012 are as follows.
Corporation Election 2017
Political performance in Election 2017
The results of Election 2017 are as follows.
References
External links
Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation, Official website
Ulhasnagar
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Year of establishment missing
The Humber Comedy Program was founded in 1999, at Humber College in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Courses include stand-up, improvisation, scriptwriting, sketch comedy, and business aspects of the profession. The program features many mainstage class shows, a weekly Humber student show at Yuk Yuk's Comedy Club, and an organized showcase at Second City Toronto for scouts, directors, and agents with students included on the basis of merit.
History
It was preceded in 1997 by an annual one-week intensive, created by Joe Kertes, called The Humber Comedy Workshop. Anne Beatts, Lorne Frohman, Joe Flaherty, George Shapiro, Carol Leifer, and Stephen Rosenfield were guests in this program in 1998.
At various points, instructors have included Robin Duke and Paul O'Sullivan.
Lorne Michaels has credited this program for their top talents when it comes to Saturday Night Live.
Alumni
Marty Adams
Rebecca Addelman
Ashley Comeau
Kurtis Conner
Debra DiGiovanni
Dini Dimakos
Sam Easton
Nathan Fielder
Ajay Fry
Richard LeBlanc
Karl Ludwig
Jeff McEnery
Nikki Payne
Renee Percy
Norm Sousa, Never Ever Do This at Home
References
External links
Humber College Comedy
Humber Etcetera - the Humber College newsletter
SUN Career Connection: Comedy students get the last laugh
https://www.straight.com/news/825711/humber-colleges-school-creative-and-performing-arts-offers-musical-smorgasbord-students
https://web.archive.org/web/20151018025405/http://thescenemagazine.ca/humber-college-rejects-taste-failsauce/
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/careers/management/so-a-bay-street-executive-walks-into-a-comedy-club/article25091668/
Humber College
Canadian comedy
Performing arts education in Canada
Mount Verne is a mountain (1,632 m) standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) east of Bongrain Point and dominating the south part of Pourquoi Pas Island, off the west coast of Graham Land. It was first sighted and roughly surveyed in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, and then resurveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). It was named by them for Jules Verne, the author of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. Other features on Pourquoi Pas Island are named after characters in this book.
See also
List of Ultras of Antarctica
References
Sources
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Route 190 is a state route in the northern part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. It starts at Route 75 in the town of Suffield and proceeds eastward across the Connecticut River through the towns of Enfield, Somers, and Stafford. It ends at Route 171, in the town of Union. Route 190 was established in 1932 as a route between the state line at Southwick and the town of Enfield. The route was later extended eastward to Union but was truncated in the west to Suffield center.
Route description
Route 190 starts at Route 75, in the town of Suffield as Mapleton Avenue. The road then bears right onto Thompsonville Road to connect to Route 159 (East Street). After travelling south on Route 159 for , it turns eastward again on Hazard Avenue, crossing the Connecticut River from Suffield into Enfield on the Enfield-Suffield Veterans Bridge. The segment of Route 190 in Suffield, from Route 75 to Route 159, is also known as the "Corporal Stephen R. Bixler Memorial Highway", named for a Suffield native who died in the Iraq War.
Hazard Avenue is a limited access road from its intersection with Route 159 to just east of the interchange with I-91. Hazard Avenue has an interchange with US 5 just after the Connecticut River crossing, where access to Route 190 is via Frew Terrace (eastbound) and Franklin Street (westbound). Both these streets are unsigned state roads with designations State Road 515 and 514, respectively. About to the east is a cloverleaf interchange with I-91 (at exits 47E and 47W). East of I-91, Hazard Avenue continues as a four-lane divided surface road for another , passing by the Brookside Plaza strip mall. Route 190 continues east for about four miles (6 km) through the Hazardville and Scitico sections of Enfield, where it intersects with Routes 192 and 191 along the way. In Scitico, Route 190 passes by another strip mall, the Scitico Shopping Center as it heads east into the town of Somers.
On entering Somers, the road becomes known as Main Street as it goes through the Somersville section of town, where it intersects with Route 186. After crossing the Scantic River, Route 190 reaches the town center of Somers, where it meets with Route 83, the main north–south route of the town. Route 190 soon enters the town of Stafford, where the road changes name to Chestnut Mountain Road. Several miles later, it intersects with Route 30 in the West Stafford section of town, where the road name changes to West Stafford Road. About a mile east of West Stafford, the road splits into two: Route 319 heads in a northeasterly direction heading towards the Stafford town center, while Route 190 heads in a southeasterly direction towards the Stafford Springs section of town. On the way to Stafford Springs, Route 190 becomes concurrent with Route 32 as it runs along West Main Street and Main Street. In the center of Stafford Springs, Route 32 splits off to the south while Route 190 continues east as East Main Street. It soon intersects with Route 19, at which point Route 190 becomes known as Buckley Highway. The route then enters the town of Union, where it has junctions with Route 89 at its northern terminus and with I-84 about a mile after that (at Exit 73). Route 190 reaches its eastern end at Route 171 in the town center of Union about east of the I-84 interchange.
History
A portion of modern Route 190 was chartered as a private toll road (or turnpike) in October 1808. Known as the Woodstock and Somers Turnpike, the road was laid out as a westward continuation of the Woodstock and Thompson Turnpike. It left Woodstock center as Pulpit Rock Road, then continued west along a portion of modern Route 171 to the village of West Woodstock. From there, the road went across the northern edge of the towns of Eastford and Ashford using now abandoned roads through several reservoirs in the area. The alignment picks up again in northern Ashford town as Hillside Road, which leads to modern Route 190 in the southwest corner of Union. The turnpike then follows mostly along modern Route 190 west to Somers. By 1832, the turnpike company charter was revoked and the road was turned over to the towns it passed through.
In 1922, when state highways were first signed with route numbers in Connecticut, the road connecting the towns of Suffield and the Thompsonville section of Enfield was designated as State Highway 303. The road used Thompsonville Road in Suffield, then crossed over the now demolished Thompsonville Bridge to reach Main Street in Thompsonville. The Thompsonville Bridge was built in 1892. Modern Route 190 was designated as State Highway 105 in areas east of US 5, including the section of the old Woodstock and Somers Turnpike between Somers and Stafford Springs, which ran from Thompsonville to Stafford Springs via the center of Somers. East of Stafford Springs, modern Route 190 was designated as State Highway 149, which ran from Stafford Springs to the Massachusetts state line via the town center of Union (along a portion of modern Route 171).
In the 1932 state highway renumbering, modern Route 190 was created. The new Route 190 incorporated old State Highway 303, with a westward extension via the village of West Suffield to the Congamond Notch in Southwick, Massachusetts. The original Route 190 used modern Route 168 to reach Route 75; then after a brief overlap with Route 75, it used modern Route 190 to reach the west bank of the Connecticut River. Old State Highway 105 was designated as part of Route 20, and the Buckley Highway (old State Highway 149) became part of Route 15 in 1932. By 1947, Route 15 was relocated to the new Wilbur Cross Highway, an undivided four-lane highway. The Buckley Highway in Union became a town road. In 1961, the Bradley Airport Connector opened and Route 20 was relocated to use the new road. Route 20 was truncated to end at Exit 40 of I-91, where it ends today. The portion of Route 20 east of the Connecticut River was re-designated as an extension of Route 190, which now ended at the Wilbur Cross Highway (now I-84) in Union. As a result of the Route Reclassification Act of 1963, the Buckley Highway became a state-maintained road and was assigned as part of Route 190.
Route 190 was relocated to a new bridge over the Connecticut River in January 1967, called the Enfield-Suffield Veterans Bridge. This bridge was a replacement for the aging Thompsonville bridge which was deemed unsafe. The approaches to the old Thompsonville Bridge initially became unsigned state roads, but were later turned over to the towns after the old bridge was demolished in 1971. Not too long after the relocation, a freeway connection to Interstate 91 (I-91) was constructed as part of a grander plan for expressways in the Greater Hartford area. In 1973, I-190 was officially designated by the Federal Highway Administration in Worcester, Massachusetts. Because Route 190 extended into Massachusetts, this created a numbering conflict. In 1975, the portion of Route 190 west of Route 75 was changed in both states to Route 168. I-190 opened to traffic in 1983.
Expressway plans
In November 1958, the state of Connecticut developed a plan to replace the aging Thompsonville Bridge and relocate Route 190 to the replacement bridge. There was some opposition to the plan, though other Suffield residents and officials saw the value of reducing traffic along Thompsonville Road.
In July 1962, the plan was modified to build an expressway from Route 75 in Suffield to I-91 in Enfield. Route 190 was to be relocated to a more southerly alignment by crossing under Route 159 at Canal Road.
A cloverleaf would be built on the west side of Route 159. Funds for this project were appropriated in 1961 for the future extension of Route 190 to Bridge Street. The projected cost had risen from the original $6.5 million. To keep within that budget, the state planned to work east of Route 159 only, including the bridge and the I-91 interchange. On January 6, 1967, the new bridge and Route 190 expressway opened; the old Thompsonville Bridge was closed.
Junction list
References
External links
Route 190 Overview from Kurumi.com
Route 190 Expressway Historic Overview from nycroads.com
190
Transportation in Hartford County, Connecticut
Transportation in Tolland County, Connecticut
Monsieur Papa is a 2011 French film directed by Kad Merad and starring Michèle Laroque and Kad Merad.
Plot
Marius Vallois is 12 years old and needs a father. Marie Vallois has a 12-year-old son, heavy work responsibilities, a lover to calm, a position to fill, an adored sister and a complicated cousin, but no father for Marius. Robert Pique has a steam iron, is always late with the laundry, a Chinese fantasy, a neighbor who they protect and is looking for a job. Monsieur Papa is a story of a curious link which weaves between these 3 characters. A link which will give them difficulty and attachment for life.
Cast
Michèle Laroque as Marie Vallois
Kad Merad as Robert Pique
Gaspard Meier-Chaurand as Marius
Judith El Zein as Sonia
Vincent Perez as Jean-Laurent
Myriam Boyer as Suzy Benchetrit
Florence Maury as Chloé
Emmanuel Patron as Marie's friend
Clovis Cornillac as Vidal
Bernard Le Coq as Mr Forlani
Olivier Baroux as Richard
Jacques Balutin as caretaker
Jacques Herlin as the oldtimer in an armchair
References
External links
2011 comedy films
2011 films
French comedy films
2010s French-language films
Films directed by Kad Merad
2010s French films
Tincomarus (a dithematic name form typical of insular and continental Celtic onomastics, analysable as tinco-, perhaps a sort of fish [cf Latin tinca, English tench] + maro-, "big") was a king of the Iron Age Belgic tribe of the Atrebates who lived in southern central Britain shortly before the Roman invasion. Their name was previously reconstructed as Tincommius, based on abbreviated coin legends and a damaged mention in Augustus's Res Gestae, but since 1996 coins have been discovered which give their full name.
They were the son and heir of Commius and succeeded their father around 25-20 BC. Based on coin distribution it is possible that Tincomarus ruled in collaboration with their father for the last few years of Commius's life. Little is known of their reign although numismatic evidence suggests that they were more sympathetic to Rome than their father was in later years: the coins they issued much more closely resemble Roman types, and are made in such a way they may have come from Roman die-cutters. GC Boon has suggested that this technical advance was not limited to coinage and represents wider industrial assistance from the Roman Empire. Tincomarus's successors used the term rex on their coins and this indicates that Tincomarus had begun the process of achieving client kingdom status with Rome (see Roman client kingdoms in Britain).
John Creighton argues, based on the imagery used on their coins, that Tincomarus may have been brought up as an obses (diplomatic hostage) in Rome in the early years of Augustus's reign. They compare Tincomarus's coins to those of Juba II of Numidia, who is known to have been an obses, and identifies a coin found in Numidia which may bear the name of Tincomarus's younger brother Verica.
By 16 BC Roman pottery and other imports appear in considerable quantities at Tincomarus's capital of Calleva Atrebatum, today known as Silchester, and it is likely that the Atrebatic king had established trading and diplomatic links with Augustus.
Tincomarus was expelled by their subjects for unknown reasons around AD 8 and fled to Rome as a refugee and supplicant. They were replaced by their brother Eppillus whom Augustus chose to recognise as rex rather than depose and reinstate Tincomarus. Augustus may have planned to use their ally's ejection as an excuse to invade Britain but other, more pressing foreign policy matters probably persuaded them to postpone the move.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Augustus, Res Gestae Divi Augusti
External links
Coinage south of the Thames
Atrebates at Roman-Britain.co.uk
Atrebates at Romans in Britain
Briton rulers
1st-century BC rulers in Europe
1st-century monarchs in Europe
Herpomyces is a fungal genus in the order Herpomycetales (Laboulbeniomycetes), with species that are exclusively ectoparasites of members of the Blattodea order (cockroaches). As of 2020, 27 species of Herpomyces are formally described. Members of Herpomyces have been reported from all continents except Antarctica.
See also
Laboulbeniomycetes
References
External links
A. Glenn Richards, Myrtle N. Smith; Infection of Cockroaches with Herpomyces (Laboulbeniales) II. Histology and Histopathology, . Ann Entomol Soc Am 2014; 49 (1): 85–93. doi: 10.1093/aesa/49.1.85
Laboulbeniales
Arnoldsburg (also Arnoldsburgh) is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 33 at the point where West Virginia Route 16 heads southward; it is several miles south of the county seat of Grantsville. Its elevation is 738 feet (225 m). The West Fork Little Kanawha River flows through the community. It has a post office with the ZIP code 25234.
Arnoldsburg derives its name from Charles Arnold, a local schoolteacher.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Former county seats in West Virginia
Catrina may refer to:
Catrina (wrestler), American actor, model and professional wrestler
Catherina (and similar spellings), variant forms of the given name
Catrina River in Romania
La Calavera Catrina, a 1913 zinc etching by Mexican engraver and printmaker José Guadalupe Posada
Catrina M Hampton, owner of Made4u2model, Inc., Fashion Blogger, chief editor of Polyvore.com.
See also
Catriona
Katrina (disambiguation)
The Codex of Santa Catarina Ixtepeji (in Spanish, Códice de Santa Catarina Ixtepeji) is a late 17th-early 18th century bilingual codex in the Spanish and Zapotec languages. It is a , a hand-painted history and map recounting part of the history of Santa Catarina Ixtepeji, in the Ixtlán District in the Sierra Norte region of Oaxaca in southwestern Mexico. It had been held in the hands of private collectors into the 20th century, and was re-discovered and identified as part of the holdings of the American Geographical Society Library at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in early 2012, as the result of efforts of scholars at UWM, Marquette University and the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
Background
The scroll recounts the history of leadership and land ownership in that particular town in Mexico, and is believed by Marquette's Laura Matthew to have been written in both the local and Spanish languages because its purpose was to regularize land titles and ownership in the eyes of the bureaucracy of the Spanish Empire. The two dates (1691 and 1709 A.D.) inscribed on it, they believe, are the dates it was used as a visual aid in making a presentation to Imperial officials.
Subsequent history of the Codex
The Codex is believed by Zapotec language scholars Michel Oudijk and Sebastián van Doesburg to have been one of two documents from Santa Catarina Ixtepeji which were sold in the early 20th century; specifically, the one sold by a British consular official in Oaxaca named Rickards, a Mexican of Scottish descent, to a Californian mining engineer named A. E. Place. Place, it is now known, sold the Codex in 1917 to the American Geographical Society (AGS) for their library, at that time based in New York City. (In a 1917 letter to the AGS, Place wrote: "Were it not for the fact that I am forging into business here, after having lost nearly all my property in Mexico, I would not sell the map at any price.")
Rediscovery
In 1978, the AGS Library collections, which include over one million items, including books, maps, globes, diaries and other memorabilia accumulated by the society and its members, were brought to University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee's Golda Meir Library from New York; in Milwaukee, curators and librarians have been conducting their own ongoing exploration of the enormous collection ever since. In 1995, AGSL curator Christopher Baruth stumbled across a tattered scroll with both writing and pictures, but without any accession code or other markings which could connect it to any catalog card for the collection. "I had asked someone about it at that time,” they recall, “but that person didn't think it was anything of significance."
Meanwhile, just before the turn of the 21st century, Michel Oudijk of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and fellow scholar of Zapotec Sebastián van Doesburg had run across academic reports from the 1960s indicating two documents from Santa Catarina Ixtepeji had been sold in the early 20th century, and had sought them ever since, in various archives of Europe, Mexico, and the United States. Van Doesburg published an article in 2000, based on a low-quality black-and-white snapshot of a corner of the Codex, which picture they had found in the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City.
In 2011, Baruth was organizing their office in preparation for retirement after 31 years with the AGS Library, including sixteen as curator. A staffer questioned them about the tattered old scroll, and they decided to pursue the mystery. They showed it to associate professor Aims McGuinness of UWM's Department of History, who identified the document as one in both Spanish and an indigenous language they couldn't identify, and in turn consulted with Laura Matthew, a colleague at crosstown Marquette University in downtown Milwaukee, who specializes in colonial Latin America. Laura Matthew, an assistant professor of history, recognized what they describe as "the characteristic look of an indigenous land title from Mexico's mid-colonial period, a mix of traditional pictographic narration and alphabetic text".  They are not an expert in Zapotec, but knew someone who was: Oudijk at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma. They saw e-mailed photos of the Codex, and replied in an e-mail, "" They knew that was one of the two documents they and van Doesburg had been hunting for so many years.
Matthew recounts, "That's when we knew we had something valuable... And luck played a part, because [Oudijk] had already studied this type of document and that made for a fast identification." Armed with these clues, Baruth and colleagues found a 1917 letter from Place in the last five-ton batch of archival material from the AGS original home in New York, which had not reached Milwaukee until 2010. Baruth suspects that the Codex was hastily shelved because by the time it was acquired, the resources of the AGS Library were in high demand for documentation in the wake of the end of World War I, and the subsequent treaty negotiations and arguments over boundary and borders.
Preservation
At the urging of Jim DeYoung, senior conservator of the Milwaukee Art Museum, the Codex has been placed into a special frame which DeYoung designed and constructed, and will probably never be rolled up again, in order to prevent further deterioration.
References
External links
Photos of the Tira de Ixtepeji from the AGS Library Flickr page
History of Oaxaca
17th-century illuminated manuscripts
Mesoamerican codices
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee
Zapotec civilization
Surabhi (also known as Sri Venkateswara Surabhi Theatre) is a family theatre group based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The group performs plays based on stories from Hindu mythology and the Puranas.
History
The Surabhi theatre group was formed by Vanarasa Govinda Rao in 1885 in Surabhi, a village in the Kadapa District of Andhra Pradesh. Rao's adopted father was involved with the traditional shadow puppetry of Andhra Pradesh, tholu bommalata. After their death, Rao took over the group, gradually replacing the puppets with live actors.
In 1885, Rao was invited to host a live drama at a wedding by the elders of Surabhi. Their acting troupe performed the play Keechaka Vadham, traditionally depicted using leather puppets, as a live drama.
Sri Vanarasa Govindarao, founder of Surabhi Theatres, had a family of 3 sons and 10 daughters. Except the eldest son, all the others spent their lives in the theatre and were trained for it. When the family started growing in numbers, the daughters with their husbands started establishing their own theatre groups.
The fifth daughter, Smt. Subhadramma and their husband Sri R. Venkatarao established Sri Venkateshwara Natya Mandali (Surabhi) in 1937 in Jimidipeta village of Srikakulam District of Andhra Pradesh. The wife and husband were assisted by their children Dasaradhirao and Bhojaraju. The theatre group started growing and is now one of the biggest surviving groups with 55 members. Smt. R. Subhadramma has specialised in doing male roles, particularly characters like Duryodhana in Mahabharata. They were awarded the title of 'Kala Praveena' by Sangeeta Nataka Akademi of Andhra Pradesh. In addition, both the husband and wife received many honors from various organizations of the state. Since their death, their sons are now managing the theatre.
Under the guidance of Padma Shri B.V. Karanth, the organization learned three plays: Bhishma (1996), organized by the National School of Drama (New Delhi), Chandi Priya (1997) by Alarippu (New Delhi), and Basthi Devatha Yaadamma ("The Good Women of Setzuan" written by Bertolt Brecht) (1998). B.V. Karanth not only directed these three plays for the group but also provided music for all three plays.
The group live together and travel from place to perform in specially erected halls. The group stays at each place for three months to a year, depending on public response. As a repertory group, they present 26 plays.
Achievements
Surabhi Theatre's Sri R.Nageswara rao (babji) was awarded the Padma Shri in 2013.
Surabhi's 6th-generation director Sri Surabhi Jayachandra Varma received the Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar Award in 2016 from Sangeet Natak Akademi, New Delhi.
Performances
Participated 5 times in Bharat Rang Mahotsav, presented by NSD New Delhi and the 15th Bharat Rang Mahothsav
Aaderanjali Theatre Festival, B.V. Karanth Smruthi Samaroh, Bharath Bhavan, Bhopal (2014)
Shri Keremaner Shambu Hegde "Rashtriya Natyothsava" - 4 and 5 (two times), Gunavanthe, Karnataka state
Bahurupi Theatre Festival, Mysore (2014)
Mudradi Theatre Festival, Mudradi, Udipi, Karnataka (2014)
In May 2013, the group played outside India for the first time, with performances at theatre festivals in Paris and Metz.
Sangeet Naatak Akademi Festival of Drama (2012, New Delhi)
Participated in the 2011 Mahabharatha Festival, Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi and the National School of Drama jointly presented as International Theatre Festival for a fortnight in 2010
Participated in the National Theatre Festival jointly presented by the National School of Drama, New Delhi and the Government of Assam at Tejpur and Gawhati
Participated in the National Theatre Festival presented by the National School of Drama, New Delhi for 15 days
Three dramas each day for three days at Evam Entertainment, Chennai
Three dramas each day for three days at Ranga Shankara, Bangalore
Participated in Nandikar 15th National Drama Festival (1998, Kolkatta)
Plays enacted
Sri Krishna Leelalu: The Exploits of Little Krishna
Jai Pathala Bhairavi: The Story of Folk Legend Thota Ramudu
Lavakusa: The Exploits of Twin Prince Lava and Kusa, Sons of Srirama
Bhakta Prahlada: The Tale of Prahlada, the Devoted Child
Maya Bazar: The Tale of Demon King Ghatothkacha
Braham Gari Charitra
Bala Nagamma: The Story of a Wicked Sorcerer
Chandi Priya
References
External links
Official website
Theatre companies in India
Culture of Andhra Pradesh
This is a list of public art in Belgravia, a district in the City of Westminster and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London. The area is mainly composed of early 19th-century residential buildings, many of which now serve diplomatic uses. Several of the figures commemorated here were influential in the early development of Belgravia under the ownership of the Grosvenor family (later the Dukes of Westminster). Belgrave Square, which gives the locale its name, has a particularly high number of embassies; its public sculptures are therefore of a pronounced international character.
City of Westminster
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
References
Bibliography
Public art
Belgravia
The Bridgeton incident was the mining of the supertanker by Iranian IRGC navy near Farsi Island in the Persian Gulf on July 24, 1987. The ship was sailing in the first convoy of Operation Earnest Will, the U.S. response to Kuwaiti requests to protect its tankers from attack amid the Iran–Iraq War.
The explosion of an Iranian mine in the Gulf's shipping channel damaged Bridgeton's outer hull but did not prevent it from completing its voyage. Nevertheless, the incident was a propaganda victory for Iran. The captain of the ship complained about the information given to the press, by United States politicians following a meeting with President Reagan, and the fact that four warships and a carrier group could not prevent Iran from placing a small minefield in the supposedly secret, but compromised, route of the tanker.
Background
Within a year of launching the Iran–Iraq War in 1980, Iraq began attacking ships carrying oil from Iranian ports, seeking to intimidate Tehran's allies and trading partners and deprive Iran of oil revenues. In 1984, Iran began to follow suit, attacking the tankers of countries that supported Iraq. In 1987, Kuwait, whose ships carried Iraqi oil, asked both the Soviet Union and the United States for military help. Initially, Moscow offered to loan Kuwait three Soviet-flagged oil tankers and to protect them with Soviet Navy warships. In response, the United States suggested that Kuwaiti tankers fly American flags and travel in convoys protected by the U.S. Navy. This convoy effort was dubbed Operation Earnest Will.
Incident
Assembled to protect Kuwait's tankers were four frigates, three cruisers, and a destroyer in or around the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz. As well, the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier and its task force were nearby in the Indian Ocean, while the battleship , two more cruisers, and a helicopter carrier were patrolling the area. The operation's plan called for convoys protected by three or four U.S. warships and carrier-based aircraft, including A-6 attack aircraft, F/A-18 strike fighters, EA-6B jamming aircraft, and F-14 fighters.
On July 21, 1987, the 414,266-ton Bridgeton and the 48,233-ton gas tanker Gas Prince sailed from the Gulf of Oman under the protection of three U.S. warships in the first convoy of Earnest Will. It transited the Strait of Hormuz without incident, although the group was approached by four Iranian F-4 fighters.
When the convoy arrived at the midpoint of its voyage, Iran proclaimed that the convoy carried "prohibited goods". Pasdaran commander Mohsen Rezai initially ordered an attack by Pasdaran speedboats from Farsi Island, but later, based on advice from Iranian Leader Ayatollah Khomeini, it was agreed to keep with the mining operation instead of a direct fight. A special Pasdaran unit which had spent several weeks practicing for this mission laid a string of nine mines apart, and then hastened back to Farsi. American intelligence had discovered Rezai's aborted unauthorized attack but missed the mining operation. On July 24, Bridgeton collided with mine at a position of 27°58' north and 49°50' east, 13 miles west of Farsi Island. The explosion caused a dent in the body of the oil tanker. Bridgeton slowed, but did not stop. Meanwhile, the U.S. Navy warships took station in the tanker's wake, allowing the big double-hulled ship to break trail.
Aftermath
One day before the incident, Rear Admiral Harold J. Bernsen, commander of the Middle East Force, said, "The Iranian Air Force and Navy are not strong. It would not be in their best interest to utilize their forces in a direct confrontation". After the incident, Bernsen said there had been indications that Iran had laid mines, but no one thought they would affect the convoy.
Following the incident, the Pentagon announced it would deploy more warships to the area, and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger announced that the U.S. would retaliate against any country that set mines in the way of ships destined for Kuwait. Although there was no authenticated evidence of Iran culpability, American officials were all convinced that the Pasdaran force of Iran had placed mines underwater at night before the incident. Weinberger said minesweeping would be given the highest priority.
The Bridgeton incident was a propaganda victory for Iran. Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi called it "an irreparable blow on America's political and military prestige". Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said, "From now on, if our wells, installations, and centers are hit, we will make the installations and centers of Iraq's partners the targets of our attacks".
See also
Iran Air Flight 655
Nader Mahdavi
Operation Nimble Archer
Operation Praying Mantis
Operation Prime Chance
USS Stark incident
References
Conflicts in 1987
Conflicts in 1988
20th-century military history of the United States
Earnest Will
1987 in the United States
Military operations involving the United States
Iran–United States relations
Kuwait–United States relations
Iran–Kuwait relations
Earnest Will
United States Marine Corps in the 20th century
Battles and conflicts without fatalities
History of the Persian Gulf
July 1987 events in Asia
Mel Shaw (born Melvin Schwartzman; December 19, 1914 – November 22, 2012) was an American animator, design artist, writer, and artist. Shaw was involved in the animation, story design, and visual development of numerous Disney animated films, beginning with Bambi, which was released in 1942. Their other animated film credits, usually involving animation design or the story, included The Rescuers in 1977, The Fox and the Hound in 1981, The Black Cauldron in 1985, The Great Mouse Detective in 1986, Beauty and the Beast in 1991, and The Lion King in 1994. They were named a Disney Legend in 2004 for their contributions to the Walt Disney Company.
Early life
Shaw was born on December 19, 1914, in Brooklyn, New York. Their mother was an opera singer and their father was a lawyer. They were the second oldest of four brothers born to their parents.
Career
Shaw began their career in entertainment industry as a silent film title card creator at Pacific Title and Art, a company owned by film producer, Leon Schlesinger. They next worked for Orson Welles in the early 1930s, where Shaw helped to create a storyboard The Little Prince, though the proposed Welles film was never created. Shaw would later join the Harman-Ising Studio, working on the Early Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies, as well as MGM's Happy Harmonies series.
Shaw was personally recruited by Walt Disney to work on the 1942 animated classic, Bambi. They left Disney Studios to enlist in the Army Signal Corps, where they served as a combat photographer during World War II.
Shaw returned to Disney's animation department in 1974 at the invitation of Walt Disney Studios. They returned to work on Disney animated films and mentored a new generation of animators. Their last film at Disney was The Lion King, released in 1994.
Shaw partnered with former MGM Studios animator Bob Allen to establish a design firm. Under Shaw and Allen, their company designed Howdy Doody for NBC during the late 1940s.
They were among a couple of artists who worked at Disney both during its Golden Age within the late-1930s and during the studio's resurgence within the 1990s.
Death
Shaw died from congestive heart failure on November 22, 2012, at the Woodland Care Center in Reseda, California, at the age of 97. Their first wife, Louise, died in 1984. Shaw's second wife, Florence Lounsbery, who died in 2004, was the widow of Disney animator, John Lounsbery. They had resided in Acampo, California, for more than twenty years.
Filmography
We're in the Money (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1933
Tale of the Vienna Woods (short) (story, animator and character layouts - uncredited) - 1934
Toyland Broadcast (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1934
Good Little Monkeys (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1935
Alias St. Nick (Short) (animator - uncredited) - 1935
Bottles (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1936
To Spring (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1936
Merbabies (short) (animator - uncredited) - 1938
Fantasia (visual development artwork) - 1940
Dumbo - 1941
Bambi (writer, visual development artwork) - 1942
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad (visual development artwork for the Mr. Toad segment) - 1949
Disneyland - (story for the Tricks of Our Trade episode) - 1957
The Rescuers - 1977
Deadman's Curve (TV Movie) (writer: "Baby Talk" song) - 1978
The Fox and the Hound (creative assistant to the producers) - 1981
The Black Cauldron (writer) - 1985
The Great Mouse Detective (writer) - 1986
It's Howdy Doody Time (TV Special) (thanks - as Melvin Shaw) - 1987
Beauty and the Beast (production consultant: visual development) - 1991
The Lion King (visual development artist) - 1994
Tarzan (assistant animator) - 1999
Treasure Planet (key animator) - 2002
Brother Bear (character designer) - 2003
Finding Grandma (short) (editor) - 2010
References
External links
1914 births
2012 deaths
Animators from New York (state)
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
United States Army personnel of World War II
People from Brooklyn
People from San Joaquin County, California
American war photographers
World War II photographers
Cocaine Mafia is a collaborative mixtape by rappers French Montana, Juicy J and Project Pat. The mixtape was announced in mid 2010, and released on December 19, 2011. It features guest appearances from DJ Paul, Chinx Drugz, Gucci Mane and Akon.
Background
On July 14, 2010, New York rapper French Montana informed XXL magazine that they had recently finished recording with Memphis-based veteran rappers Three 6 Mafia, and they would be releasing a collaborative record soon. According to French, rapper Juicy J was the one who reached out to him. "I felt honored. So after that me and Juicy J kicked it and we just ended up doing a whole album." On January 31, 2011, French revealed to MTV News that their recent hit single "Choppa Choppa Down" which featured Waka Flocka Flame, from the past year's Coke Boys mixtape, was originally intended to be a collaboration between them and Juicy J and Project Pat. Cocaine Mafia was released on December 19, and would be Juicy J's fourth mixtape that year and French Montana's third.
Critical reception
Cocaine Mafia received mixed reviews from music critics. Sowmya Krishnamurthy of HipHopDX criticized the record for being underwhelming stating "this is a joint that needed a bit more rumination before release." However, Tom Breihan of Stereogum praised the mixtape, complimenting French's delivery stating their "sleepy-eyed monotone delivery sounds pretty amazing on chaotic Southern fight-music [...] like the calm in the middle of the storm", and noted a relaxed and darker Juicy J compared to their more party oriented releases of earlier that year.
Track listing
References
External links
Music videos
Is You Kiddin Me?
Money, Weed, Blow
2011 mixtape albums
French Montana albums
Collaborative albums
Walter J. Bigelow (January 22, 1865 - May 2, 1935) was an American newspaper editor, author, and politician from Vermont. A Republican, they were most notable for serving as mayor of Burlington from 1907 to 1909 and owning and publishing the St. Johnsbury Caledonian from 1913 to 1918.
Early life
Walter Josephus Bigelow was born in Stowe, Vermont on January 22, 1865, the son of Phineas N. Bigelow and Charlotte E. (Munn) Bigelow. They were educated in the public schools of Stowe, and graduated from Montpelier Seminary in Montpelier in 1889. They received their qualification as a teacher, and taught school for two years before beginning college studies. They attended the University of Vermont in Burlington for three years as a member of the class of 1895, but left before graduating to begin a career in the newspaper business.
Start of career
While attending college, Bigelow worked on the night shift in the editorial room of The Burlington Free Press. In 1894, they were appointed the newspaper's night editor. They held this position they held until 1909. Bigelow was also the Free Press journalist assigned to report on the 1897 session of the Vermont General Assembly. A talented orator, Bigelow was frequently called upon to speak at public events including Memorial Day celebrations and rallies held in support of U.S. involvement in the Spanish–American War.
A Republican, in 1898 Bigelow was appointed to the legislature's Vermont Commission on Double Taxation, a special panel that investigated state laws which subjected to state tax both mortgages used to purchase real estate and the real estate used to secure the mortgages. In 1900, the commission submitted recommendations to address the issue, many of which were adopted in subsequent legislative sessions.
Continued career
In March 1906, Bigelow was the Republican Party's unsuccessful nominee for mayor. In June 1906, they served as chairperson of the Vermont Republican Party's state convention. In 1907, they again received the Republican nomination for mayor of Burlington. They defeated incumbent James Edmund Burke and served one term, 1907 to 1909, the first two-year mayoral term created as the result of a change to the city charter. They were a candidate for reelection in 1909 and lost to Burke by 18 votes, 1,658 to 1,640.
After leaving office, Bigelow purchased the St. Johnsbury Caledonian newspaper in 1909. In 1910 they purchased the Ranlet Press, a St. Johnsbury publishing business. Bigelow operated both ventures until 1918. During World War I, Bigelow was a member of Vermont's Public Safety Committee.
Bigelow was an author, and their published works included Vermont: Its Government, an annual publication of the early 1900s to mid-1950s for which Bigelow was responsible from 1919 to 1933. They were also the author of a work about their hometown, 1934's History of Stowe, Vermont. In 1919, Bigelow left St. Johnsbury and accepted an editorial position with the Brattleboro Reformer newspaper in Brattleboro.
Death and burial
Bigelow remained with the Reformer until 1933, when they moved to Hartford, Connecticut. In December 1934 they were struck by a car while crossing the street and their injuries included a broken hip. They died in Hartford on May 2, 1935. Bigelow was buried at West Branch Cemetery in Stowe.
Family
In 1895, Bigelow married Florence E. Mooney (1868-1956) of Mansonville, Quebec, Canada. They were the parents of a daughter, Ruth Barr (1899-1959), who was the wife of Clarence C. Mooney (d. 1956).
References
External links
1865 births
1935 deaths
People from Stowe, Vermont
Politicians from Burlington, Vermont
People from St. Johnsbury, Vermont
People from Brattleboro, Vermont
20th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
American male non-fiction writers
Vermont Republicans
19th-century American politicians
Mayors of Burlington, Vermont
Burials in Vermont
Ivo Faenzi (born 19 April 1932) is an Italian politician who served as a Deputy for three legislatures from 1972 to 1983.
References
1932 births
Politicians from Grosseto
Italian Communist Party politicians
Deputies of Legislature VI of Italy
Deputies of Legislature VII of Italy
Deputies of Legislature VIII of Italy
Living people
Achanak (, translation: Suddenly) is a 1973 Indian Hindi film, directed by Gulzar, written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas, and starring Vinod Khanna. Gulzar received a Filmfare nomination as Best Director for this film. Even though Gulzar is an accomplished lyricist, this film did not have any songs in it. K.A. Abbas earned a Filmfare nomination for best story. It is inspired by the real-life sensational 1958 murder case KM Nanavati v State of Maharashtra.
1963 movie Yeh Rastey Hain Pyar Ke was also based on the same case. Akshay Kumar starrer 2016 movie Rustom is based on the same case as well.
The film had no songs, the background score is composed by Vasant Desai.
Plot
Major Ranjeet Khanna (Vinod Khanna) is in love with their wife Pushpa (Lily Chakravarty), who seems to love them as well. Their commanding officer, also their father-in-law Lt Col Bakshi, is played by Iftekhar. Ranjeet is happy with their marriage, until they find out about their wife's affair with their best friend. They kill them both and turns themselves in to the police. Then, they escape from the police to find the Ganges River, because they wanted to fulfill their wife's wish of dropping their wedding necklace (mangalsutra) into the river. However, the police shoot them first and they are hospitalized, where they become emotionally attached to the doctors (Om Shivpuri, Asrani) and the nurse (Farida Jalal), who are also devastated when they are sentenced to hang to death.
Credits
Cast
Also featuring in the cast are Ravi Raaj, Baby Pinky, Inderjeet, Bihari Khare, Somender, Shridhar Naik, Vijay Sharma and Keshto Mukherjee (in a friendly appearance).
Crew
Production
The entire film production was completed in 28 days. Achanak was based on a Khwaja Ahmed Abbas story, The Thirteenth Victim, which had appeared in the magazine called Imprint. In 1973 N.C Sippy's sons, Romu Sippy and Raj Sippy collaborated with partner Hrishikesh Mukherjee to produce Achanak and they approached Gulzar to direct it. Gulzar approached Vasantrao, a marathi background score composer to compose the score for this film since it would have no songs otherwise.
Soundtrack
Background music was composed by Vasant Desai.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Gulzar
Films with screenplays by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
The 1969–70 Danish 1. division season was the 13th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Eight teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1969 in Danish sport
1970 in Danish sport
Mondays in the Sun () is a 2002 Spanish drama film directed by Fernando León de Aranoa, starring Javier Bardem, Luis Tosar and José Ángel Egido. The film depicts the degrading effects of unemployment on a group of men left jobless by the closure of the shipyards in Vigo, Galicia.
Plot
After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers – Santa, José, Lino, Amador, Serguei and Reina – keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group who dreams of one day going to Australia. A court case hangs over them that concerns a shipyard street lamp they smashed during a protest against the closure, which they claim to not want to pay, not because of the financial cost but of what it stands for. José is bitter that their wife, Ana, is employed while they are not. The gap between them is widening and they are fearful that they will leave them for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks their looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree, including their boss. Lino, an aging family man, doggedly pursues positions beyond their qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by their wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that their wife will soon return from holiday. Reina has managed to find a job as a watchman at a football club, smuggling their friends into a game. Lino attends job interviews despite applicants being near their son's age. This group of friends is observed by Nata, the landlord's teenage daughter who franchises their babysitting job to Santa. While babysitting, Santa invites their friends around to have a few beers outside where Serguei claims their career as an astronaut was forestalled by economic measures in the Soviet Space program.
One night at the bar, Amador drinks too much and has to be assisted home by Santa, the two of whom share a long and meaningful conversation on the way back. As a result of their drunken state and the newly deepened friendship, Amador, who has never allowed any of the group to go inside their 4th floor apartment, lets Santa in to help them upstairs. After putting Amador to bed, Santa goes to wash some glasses only to find that there is no running water, leading them to explore the apartment which they see is rundown and in a state hardly better than if they were living on the street.
Santa finally agrees to pay off the debt in court. After driving off with their lawyer, they drive past the newly repaired street lamp where Santa tells the lawyer to pull over. Santa leaves the car, walks over to the lamp and smashes it again before driving off.
Later that night, Santa goes to Amador's house to collect them to go to the bar but gets no response at the door. The flickering light above them brings attention to a partially caved-in roof. Santa steps backwards slowly, realising that the damage to the roof is due to Amador having jumped from their window while drunk, killing himself. Their friends give them a dignified funeral albeit with a stolen floral arrangement. Meanwhile, Ana is at home packing in preparation to leave José. They wait for them on the couch with their bag on the floor. Upon returning from the funeral, José sits on the couch and lays across Ana's lap, telling them about the funeral and trying to make amends for the fighting they've been doing. Ana pities them and begins to cry as well, placing a blanket over their bag and deciding to stay without José ever knowing they had intended to leave.
That same day, Lino is waiting in line for another job interview and before being called for their turn, they look ahead seeing a reflection of himself, ultimately deciding that they are wasting their time looking for employment in such places.
At night, the friends meet up again in the bar with the ashes of Amador and after pouring 'one last drink' in their urn, they make a decision and set off to spread the ashes. The friends go down to the shipyard and eventually find the ferry that they always took together and where it is implied that they met. Two of the men climb on board while the other two stand guard. The two on-board break into the cabin and find a way to start the ferry. Once they get it started, the other two climbdown aboard and they set off for the middle of the passage. Upon getting there, they realise that each one of them thought another had brought the urn and that they had left it behind. They chortle. The group of friends stays out all night in the middle of the passage without any cares and by morning there is a large crowd around the ferry terminal watching the men from afar. The men chat casually while sitting in the morning sun as the credits begin to roll.
Cast
DVD release
Mondays in the Sun is available on DVD in Spain by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment on July 16, 2003 and in the US by Lionsgate Home Entertainment on October 28, 2003. It was released in Spain and in the United States. The film is in Spanish with English subtitles.
Awards
The film won five Goya Awards in 2003, including awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Lead Actor.
It was also chosen by the Real Academia de Cine Español as Spain's pick for the 2003 Academy Awards over Pedro Almodóvar's Talk to Her, which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, and won Best Original Screenplay.
See also
List of Spanish films of 2002
References
External links
2002 films
2002 drama films
Films set in Galicia (Spain)
Vigo
2000s Spanish-language films
Social realism in film
Best Film Goya Award winners
Films featuring a Best Actor Goya Award-winning performance
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actor Goya Award-winning performance
Films directed by Fernando León de Aranoa
Spanish drama films
2000s Spanish films
Chistopolsky (masculine), Chistopolskaya (feminine), or Chistopolskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Chistopolsky District, a district of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Chistopolsky (rural locality) (Chistopolskaya, Chistopolskoye), name of several rural localities in Russia
Robert John Barber (born 14 January 1945) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. A utility forward, Barber represented North Otago, Canterbury and Southland at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, on their 1974 tour of Australia and Fiji. They played six matches on that tour but did not appear in any full test matches, although they did turn out in the game against Fiji. They also had a music career producing for artists such as Tyler, the Creator, YoungBoy Never Broke Again, and Yung Gravy.
Their daughter, Verity McLean, was killed in Invercargill in April 2017. Them husband, a serving police officer, was charged with their murder.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Oamaru
People educated at Waitaki Boys' High School
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
North Otago rugby union players
Canterbury rugby union players
Southland rugby union players
Rugby union locks
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Cape Robinson () is a cape marking the east end of Cole Peninsula, between Cabinet and Mill Inlets on Foyn Coast, Graham Land. Sir Hubert Wilkins, while on their flight of December 20, 1928 along this coast, named an island for W.S. Robinson of London and Australia, which they reported lying in about . Absence of photographs of this island by Wilkins has prevented its positive reidentification. For this reason, and for the sake of historical continuity, it is recommended that the east end of the peninsula here described be given the name Cape Robinson. This cape was charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) and photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) in 1947.
Headlands of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
Sasadu Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of the Sasadu communities Alavanyo, Akrofu, Saviefe and Sovie. It is located in the Hohoe Municipality in the Volta Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of October on rotational basis. SASADU is an acronym for Sovie, Alavanyo, Saviefe, Akrofu Development Union which marks the symbol of unity and peace among the four communities.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is a grand durbar of chiefs as it is a festival of pomp and pageantry.
Significance
It is celebrated to rekindle the fraternal relationship existing between the four communities who claim to be of the same stock who migrated from Notsie in Togoland.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Are We There Yet? may refer to:
Film and television
Are We There Yet? (film), a 2005 American/Canadian family comedy film
Are We There Yet? (TV series), an American sitcom based on the film
Are We There Yet?: World Adventure, a 2007–2009 Canadian children's travel television series
"Are We There Yet" (Barney & Friends), an episode of Barney and Friends
Are We There Yet, an episode of Jay Jay the Jet Plane
"Are We There Yet?" (Yes, Dear), an episode of Yes, Dear
Other media
Are We There Yet? (Carla Bley album), 1999
Are We There Yet? (John Reuben album), 2000
Are We There Yet? (video game), a 1991 MS-DOS game
Are We There Yet? A Journey Around Australia, a picture book by Alison Lester
Are We There Yet? (novel), a novel by David Levithan
Are We There Yet?, a YouTube series featuring Robby Novak and Brad Montague
Are We There Yet? (book), a children's book by Alison Lester
See also
Dwight Barkley (born 1959), mathematician who developed a formula for estimating how long it will take for a child in a car to ask this question
Are We Nearly There Yet?, a 2007 album by Television Personalities
HMCS Lanark was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War and again from 1956–1965 as a . They fought primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. They were named for Lanark, Ontario.
Lanark was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. They were laid down on 25 September 1943 by Canadian Vickers Ltd. at Montreal, Quebec and launched 10 December 1943. They were commissioned into the RCN on 6 July 1944 at Montreal.
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees. Originally called a "twin-screw corvette", its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time, including the Flower-class corvette. The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom, giving name to the class. In Canada they were named after towns and cities though they kept the same designation. The name "frigate" was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year.
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better. The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots. Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft. 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of , they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount. For underwater targets, the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers.
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC. This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck. Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes.
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941. The design was too big for the shipyards on the Great Lakes so all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the west coast or along the St. Lawrence River. In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy.
Service history
After working up in Bermuda, Lanark was assigned to the newly formed Mid-Ocean Escort Force escort group C-7 in October 1944. Captained by John Stairs of Montreal. Until June 1945, they served as a trans-Atlantic convoy escort with the group, usually as the Senior Officer's Ship. In June 1945, they returned to Canada, beginning a tropicalization refit in mid-July in preparation for service in the South Pacific Ocean. The refit was cancelled on 31 August 1945 due to the Surrender of Japan and Lanark was paid off at Sydney, Nova Scotia on 24 October.
Postwar service
Lanark was sold to Marine Industries Ltd. in 1946. In 1954, Lanark was repurchased by the Royal Canadian Navy and sent for conversion to a Prestonian-class frigate. This meant a flush-decked appearance aft, with a larger bridge and taller funnel. Them hull forward was strengthened against ice and the quarterdeck was enclosed to contain two Squid anti-submarine mortars. The conversion was begun in 1954 and completed in 1955. Lanark was re-commissioned into the RCN on 15 April 1956 with the new pennant number 321.
Lanark served mainly on the eastern coast with the Seventh Canadian Escort Squadron as a training ship. On 12 January 1960, Lanark was sent to recover the reserve training ship off Scatari Island, after the training ship had snapped its tow while en route for a refit at Sydney, Nova Scotia. Lanark took the ship in tow in heavy seas after the ocean-going tugboat Riverton was forced to head for shelter due to the heavy seas. Lanark brought the ship to Sydney, where Riverton took over the tow into the harbour. In May 1960, the frigate began a tour of the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence Seaway, making several port visits. In March 1961, Lanark was among the ships that took part in a combined naval exercise with the United States Navy off Nova Scotia. They served until 19 March 1965 when they were paid off for the last time. They were sold in 1965 and taken to La Spezia, Italy to be broken up in 1966.
References
Notes
Sources
Macpherson, Ken; Burgess, John. The ships of Canada's naval forces 1910–1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships. Collins: Toronto, 1981.
External links
History of the RCSCC Lanark 211
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
1943 ships
Emergence from Chaos is a 1957 book by the English writer Stuart Holroyd. In the first part of the book, Holroyd discusses different types of spirituality, while in the second part—roughly two thirds of the book—these distinctions are used to analyse the works of six different poets, each of whom reacted to the issues of modernity with their own spiritual vision. The book was Holroyd's debut and is associated with the phenomenon of the Angry Young Men.
Contents
Part one
Two kinds of religious experience
Sinner, saint and mystic
Art and religion
The Renaissance of destiny
Part two
Dylan Thomas and the religion of the instinctive life
Walt Whitman's healthy-mindedness
W.B. Yeats: the divided man
Angel and demon: a study of Arthur Rimbaud
Rilke: the visionary individualist
T.S. Eliot and the 'intellectual soul'
Publication
The book was published in 1957 by V. Gollancz, which previously had published Colin Wilson's The Outsider. An American edition appeared the same year through Houghton Mifflin.
Reception
Burns Singer wrote in Encounter: "Repeatedly, whenever I have met him, Mr Stuart Holroyd has struck me as an unusually intelligent, modest, and cultivated young man. Their book, unfortunately, displays none of these qualities, unless it be in homeopathic doses." Singer continued: "Mr Holroyd's mind is quite obviously of the kind that can absorb a good deal of experience, that needs years to mature. In this they differ from the figure with whom they will inevitably be compared, Mr Colin Wilson. ... But they do need these years."
William Bittner of the Saturday Review wrote that "Holroyd's discussions of individual poets are fascinating but uneven". Bittner's main objection was to Holroyd's rejection of materialism: "The flaw in Holroyd's thinking lies in their antiquated notion about the mystical artist. All truly great artists are mystics, but mystics with a difference. They seek, not to be unified with deity, but to be unified with the world as it is." Bittner nevertheless described the book as "sensitive and perceptive".
References
1957 non-fiction books
Books about poets
Books about spirituality
Debut books
English non-fiction books
English-language books
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
The 1900 Summer Olympics were held as part of the 1900 World's Fair, during which many cycling events were contested. The IOC website currently affirms a total of 3 medal events, after accepting, as it appears, the recommendation of Olympic historian Bill Mallon regarding events that should be considered "Olympic". These additional events include the men's points race. Thus, three cycling events are considered Olympic events. These three competitions were held between 9 September and 16 September 1900. The cycling part of the World's Fair included 250 competitors, 160 of them French. In the sprint and 25 km events, 72 competitors, all men, from seven nations competed.
Medal summary
Daily summary
11 September
In the first two rounds of the 2000 metre sprint, the United States and Italy made their cycling debuts, as did the Olympic-debut nations Belgium and Bohemia. Germany, which had won a silver medal four years earlier, and France, with 4 golds, a silver, and a bronze, were the returning nations.
Bohemia's lone cyclist was eliminated in the first round. The Belgian cyclist was eliminated in the second round of the day, the quarterfinals. Germany's trio fared no better, with all having dropped out by the end of the day. Antonio Restelli was the only one of Italy's 7 to move on. They were joined by the sole American John Henry Lake and by 7 Frenchmen.
13 September
The semifinals and the final of the sprint were held on the 13th.
The semifinal round pared the 9 remaining cyclists down to 3, with the winners of each of the semifinals guaranteed a medal in the three-man final. Restelli took second place to Fernand Sanz, dropping Italy from contention. Lake won their semifinal, joining Sanz and Georges Taillandier in the final.
Taillandier and Sanz reaffirmed French dominance of the sport, taking the top two spots in the final. Lake took the United States' first medal in cycling.
15 September
The 25 kilometres was held on the 15th. Frenchman Louis Bastien, Briton Louis Hildebrand, and American Lake were the primary contenders, with Bastien the favorite. Lake was unable to keep pace with Hildebrand, however, and dropped out of the race. Bastien won, followed by Hildebrand and Auguste Daumain. Future Tour de France winner Louis Trousselier was among the rest of the pack.
The amateur points race, or "Course de Primes", was also held on 15 September. It was a 5-kilometre race — 10 laps of the track — with points awarded at the end of each lap.
Participating nations
A total of 72 cyclists from 7 nations competed at the sprint and 25 km cycling events during the Paris Games:
Medal table
Non-Olympic events
In 1900, there was no official distinction between Olympic events and non-Olympic events held during the Exposition Universelle (1900). Most events were open for all cyclists. The cycling events satisfying all of these criteria — restricted to amateurs, open to all nations, open to all competitors and without handicapping — are now regarded as Olympic events. Before July 2021 the IOC has never decided which events were "Olympic" and which were not. Other events were:
50 kilometres
Tandems
Inter-rêgionale
100 miles (winner: Taylor, France)
Grand Prix de l'Exposition - Sprint for professionals (winner: Harie Meyers, The Netherlands)
100 kilometers (winner: Arthur Adalbert Chase, England)
Grand Course des Nations (winner: American team)
Handicap
Amateurs handicap
Professional points race
Individual pursuit
Bol d'Or (Winner: Mathieu Cordang, Netherlands)
References
General
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Cycling - track 1900". Accessed 19 March 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Report, La 84 Foundation
Specific
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
Cycling in Paris
1900 in cycle racing
1900 in track cycling
Kindler v Canada (Minister of Justice) was a landmark decision of the Supreme Court of Canada where it was held that the government policy that allowed for extradition of convicted criminals to a country where they may face the death penalty was valid under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The Court repeated this finding in Reference re Ng Extradition in 1991. However, Kindler was essentially overruled in 2001 with United States v. Burns.
After being convicted of murder in Pennsylvania, Joseph Kindler escaped and fled to Canada. They were captured, escaped again and was captured again. Kindler then fought their extradition. In a four-to-three decision the Court found that there was no violation of section 7 of the Charter (the right to life, liberty and security of person) or section 12 of the Charter (protection against cruel and unusual punishment). The case cited an earlier extradition decision, Canada v. Schmidt (1987), which states extradition may be unconstitutional under section 7 if it "shocks the conscience." In Kindler, the Court noted that while Canada itself had abolished the death penalty, Canada should respect that most other countries had not. This included the United States, with which Canada shared cultural connections and an easily crossed border. Thus, extradition with the possibility of execution should not shock the conscience.
Kindler was ultimately returned to the United States. On December 8, 2009, the United States Supreme Court ruled in Beard v. Kindler that Kindler's flight from the United States constituted an abandonment of their right to appeal.
References
External links
Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms case law
Canadian immigration and refugee case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
Capital punishment in the United States
Death penalty case law
Capital punishment in Canada
Canadian extradition case law
1991 in Canadian case law
1991 in international relations
Ypsolopha blandella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It has been recorded from Amur Oblast in Russia, and from Estonia, Latvia, Spain, Japan, Korea and China.
The wingspan is 20–22 mm.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Prostitution is illegal in Nepal. The Human Trafficking and Transportation (Control) Act, 2064, Act Number 5 of the Year 2064 (2008), criminalises prostitution and living of the earnings of prostitution by including it in the definition of human trafficking. UNAIDS estimate there to be 67,300 prostitutes in the country.
Government policies
Although there are no laws in Nepal criminalizing sex work specifically, there are some laws that were enacted throughout the 1980s that criminalize trafficking within and outside of Nepal that are used towards sex work. Many of these laws are sometimes interpreted to accuse sex workers as well, which comes from a lack of knowledge in the distinction between the sex trafficking scene and sex work. Sex work is a term used to refer to all aspects of the lawful and unlawful sex industries around the world. There are various forms of sex work, including physical and verbal forms. This distinction is one that is not truly understood; thus, many of the policies and laws enacted within Nepal against trafficking—many argue—should not be applied to sex work. Authorities and laws trying to stop true slavery—trafficking—get misapplied to sex workers, clients and others involved in the sex industry.
In 1986, the Traffic in Humans (Control) Act was passed in Nepal and was aimed at stopping trafficking in the form of prostitution. However, this act, like many others, proved to be ineffective, mainly due to the fact that the act was “largely aimed at criminalizing prostitution rather than curbing trafficking activities.”
In 2008, the Human Trafficking and Transportation (Control) Act, criminalised prostitution and living of the earnings of prostitution by including it in the definition of human trafficking.
Reasons for entering the sex industry
For many, entering into the sex industry is the only way in which they could survive economically in Nepal. However, sex work is not officially recognized among the industrial or service sectors of labor. There is a large case of sex trafficking in Nepal, but voluntary sex work is more common than many believe.
Among the developing poor nations throughout Southeast Asia today, Nepal remains one of the most poverty-stricken. Research shows that about 38% of the Nepali population is living under US$1 per day, and 82% under US$2 per day. Due to this high rate of poverty, the rural poor Nepalese people generally have large families, are landless or have very small landholdings, have high rates of illiteracy and are concentrated in specific ethnic, caste and minority groups. These issues of poverty are part of why many people, including both cisgender and transgender men and women, go into the sex industry in Nepal. Due to their large families, these sex workers need to find a way to help out within the household. More specifically, there are not many opportunities for the women sex workers, and women in general, to break out of the domestic environment and duties which have left them in poverty, so the only option left for them is going into sex work.
Nepal, like many other Southeast Asian countries, has a limited amount of resources for women. Recently, the Nepalese government has recognized more rights for women in terms of family involvement, physical integrity, ownership rights, and overall civil liberties. However, this does not change the fact that women are still highly underrepresented in Nepalese society, and do not have the same rights that men do.
Women constitute a majority of these sex workers, because they rarely have any opportunities otherwise. These women may feel empowered by the work that they do, in the sense that they can better provide for their families, and be seen for something other than what society treats women. In some cases, girls that are put into the sex industry are forced to migrate to carpet factories outside of Nepal or in more centralized cities by their families to better provide for them. After a while, they are either abducted into the traffic scene, or coerced to join. The issue of poverty has driven many families in Nepal to desperation, to the point of putting their daughters out on the streets to earn money to help out in the home.
Human trafficking in Nepal—more specifically, sex trafficking—is a common precursor to voluntary sex work. After escaping from the sex trafficking world, women return to sex work when they return to Nepal, for it is the only thing they know.
Consequences of sex work
Sex work in Nepal can be a short-term relief to the poverty and struggles encountered by these hundreds of women on a daily basis. The long-term effects bring a new perspective to sex work, and are a big part of the argument against sex work.
Short-term consequences
Many people go into the sex work field in hopes of finding a better opportunity for their families and for themselves. This is especially true in Nepal, which is ranked as one of the countries with the lowest human development indicators in the world, ranked 143 in the United Nations Human Development Index, with an HDI of 0.458. Because sex workers usually belong to the lower castes of the caste system within Nepal (a survey conducted by UN Nepal, showed that the majority of the sex workers were from Tamangs and Dalits), India, and other Southeast Asian countries, they feel as though sex work is the only opportunity that they truly have to better their lives and that of their families. The Nepalese caste system makes it very difficult for people of any class to rise up to a higher class. There have been rare instances in which members of a specific class have risen, and even in these cases, the members only rise within their own caste (see also Nepalese caste system). Due to this social trap, sex work is seen as a way to escape from the social organization. Sex work can allow those in lower castes to provide for their family in a different way. In the short-term, going into the sex industry would seem like a logical solution, since the money that many of these sex workers make can go towards the improvement of their families.
Long-term consequences
Sex workers are exposed to a variety of serious risks, including: sexually transmitted diseases, a decrease in security, and a loss of human rights.
Sexually transmitted diseases
Nepal faces increasing HIV prevalence among most at-risk populations (MARPs) such as sex workers, injecting drug users (IDUs), men who have sex with men (MSM), and migrants. Since 1988, when the first case of HIV/AIDS in Nepal was reported, more than 1,750 cases of AIDS and over 11,000 cases of HIV infection were officially reported. Since Nepal is limited in terms of its public health surveillance system, the actual number of infections throughout the country is said to be more. UNAIDS estimates that approximately 30,000 people were living with HIV in 2018. HIV prevalence amongst sex workers was estimated to be 4.2%, compared to 0.1% for the general population
Compromised security
The entry of women into sex work can sometimes take an unexpected turn. Although some women go into the sex industry voluntarily, they can end up being taken into the larger sex trafficking scene to India and surrounding areas. The trafficking of women and girls to India is a major problem which has made international news. Every year, a rough estimate of about 7,000 Nepali girls are trafficked to India, where they are forced into prostitution. Nepalese women and girls, especially virgins, are favored in India, because of their fair skin and young looks (see also Human trafficking in Nepal).
Since the policy of an open border between China and Nepal, a large number of Nepalese women in recent years have been sold into prostitution or as brides to Chinese men.
Aside from being kidnapped into the trafficking scene, sex workers run the risk of being abused sexually against their will. When things like this happen, it is hard for these sex workers to get protection, because they are seen as criminals. This is one of the reasons that many are fighting to legalize voluntary sex work. Many argue that these people deserve protection against harm, just like those that are taken into the trafficking scene.
Loss of human rights
When living a life in the sex industry, many argue that the risk of losing human rights is common. Many times, especially in Nepal, the sex industry is run by organized crime. The sex industry contributes between 2–14% of gross domestic product in countries such as Nepal. Due to this, there is a great incentive for corruption as far as within officials and the police. “This puts women sex workers in vulnerable positions because the institution mandated to protect people either ignores their problems or takes part in the abuse.” If sex workers were to challenge the authority of these officials—even by demanding control over their own bodies—they are running the risk of being punished within the community and even the law. This is another controversial issue, in that the suppliers are always the ones being punished, while the demand sector of this industry seems to get away with their equally incriminating actions.
Sex trafficking
Nepal is a source, transit, and destination country for women and children subjected to sex trafficking. Nepali women and girls are subjected to sex trafficking in Nepal, India, the Middle East, Asia, and Sub-Saharan Africa. Unregistered migrants, including the large number of Nepalis who travel through India or rely on unregistered recruiting agents, are particularly vulnerable to sex trafficking. Some migrants from Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and possibly other countries transit Nepal en route to employment in the Middle East, using potentially falsified Nepali travel documents, and may be subjected to human trafficking. Some government officials reportedly accept bribes to include false information in Nepali identity documents or provide fraudulent documents to prospective labor migrants, a tactic used by unscrupulous recruiters to evade recruitment regulations. Many Nepalis, including children, whose home or livelihood was destroyed by the 2015 earthquakes continue to be vulnerable to trafficking. Traffickers increasingly utilize social media and mobile technologies to lure and deceive their victims.
The United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons ranks Nepal as a 'Tier 2' country.
See also
HIV/AIDS in Nepal
Sex Trafficking
Sex workers
Pir
References
Further reading
Gomare et al. (2002) Adopting strategic approach for reaching out to inaccessible population viz Abstract WePeF6707F abstract, The XIV International AIDS Conference.
External links
Rape For Profit -- Human Rights Watch Report
India - Facts on Trafficking and Prostitution from the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW)
Lost Daughters - An Ongoing Tragedy in Nepal, Women News Network - WNN, Dec 05, 2008
Society of Nepal
Crime in Nepal by type
was the twelfth Shikken (1312–1315) of the Kamakura shogunate.
Bibliography
1279 births
1315 deaths
Hōjō clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
Süleyman Mustafa Karadeniz (born 12 July 1995) is a Turkish freestyle wrestler. They won the gold medal in the 92 kg event at the 2020 European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
Career
In 2019, they competed in the men's freestyle event of the 2019 Wrestling World Cup. In the same year, they also competed at the 2019 World Wrestling Championships held in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan in the 92 kg event without winning a medal. They won their first match against Shamil Zubairov of Azerbaijan but lost their next match against Alikhan Zhabrailov of Russia. Zhabrailov went on to win one of the bronze medals.
In 2020, they won one of the bronze medals in the men's 97 kg event at the Individual Wrestling World Cup held in Belgrade, Serbia. In March 2021, they qualified at the European Qualification Tournament to compete at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. A month later, they secured the silver medal in the 97 kg event at the 2021 European Wrestling Championships held in Warsaw, Poland.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Turkish male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic wrestlers of Turkey
European Wrestling Champions
20th-century Turkish people
21st-century Turkish people
The Tajikistani records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Tajikistan, which are recognised and ratified by the National Swimming Federation of the Republic of Tajikistan.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
References
Tajikistan
Records
Swimming
The Henry Klindt House is a historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
Henry Klindt
Henry Klindt was born in 1839 in Fiefbergen, Holstein, in present-day Germany, to Thies and Wiepke (Mundt) Klindt. They came to the United States in 1856 and settled on a farm in Scott County, Iowa. They fought for the Union in the Civil War. After the war they opened a feed and grain store in Davenport before they took over the operations of the Eagle Brewery. They sold their interest in the brewery in 1891 to their son George, and became president of the Malt and Grain Company. Klindt married Catherina Schnoor in 1863 and they had one son.
History
Henry Klindt built this house in 1890. It was one of three houses built on Marquette Street for the partners of the brewery. George Mengel's house was at 826 and the George Klindt House, their son's house, at 902.
Architecture
This 2½-story, clapboard house was designed in the Queen Anne style. It features a hip roof, full height gable projections, a polygonal bay on the south side, and a porch on the east and south sides. The gable ends have a sunburst motif and dental moldings on the front and above the main entrance. Shingling is located between the floors of the polygonal bay and on the front gable. The porch features an Eastlake balustrade. The house is situated on a high hill above the street with large trees in the yard.
References
Houses completed in 1890
Queen Anne architecture in Iowa
Houses in Davenport, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
The Ballad of Bosworth Field is a poem in the English language, believed to have been written before 1495; the earliest extant copy dates from the mid-17th century. The poem is thought to have been written by someone closely connected with the Stanley family, because of the way it praises the Stanley brothers for their role in the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485.
The ballad gives primary source information about certain aspects of the battle, such as the names of four knights supposedly lent to the future King Henry VII of England by Lord Stanley to serve as their bodyguard. These were Sir Robert Tunstall, Sir John Savage (nephew of Lord Stanley), Sir Hugh Persall and Sir Humphrey Stanley. Sir John Savage was placed in command of the left flank of Henry's army.
References
External links
1490s works
15th-century poems
Wars of the Roses
Henryk Roman Gulbinowicz (17 October 1923 – 16 November 2020) was a prelate of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Wrocław from 1976 to 2004. Pope John Paul II made them a cardinal in 1985. In 2020, they were banned from making public appearances following a Holy See investigation that confirmed allegations that they had committed sexual abuse and evidence that they had been a secret police informant from 1969 to 1985. Following their death, Gulbinowicz was forbidden to have their funeral service at the city's Cathedral of St. John the Baptist or to be buried in the cathedral.
Biography
Early life and priesthood
Henryk Roman Gulbinowicz was born on 17 October 1923 in Wilno, Poland (now Vilnius, Lithuania). They grew up in Szukiszki (Šukiškės). They entered the archdiocesan seminary where they completed their secondary studies, upon being transferred to Białystok.
Archbishop Romuald Jalbrzykowski ordained them as a priest on 18 June 1950, and they were an associate pastor at Szudzialowo. After a year of parish experience, they were sent to Lublin to continue their preparation in theology at the Catholic University of Lublin. They earned a doctorate in moral theology in 1955. From 1956 to 1959 they were university chaplain in Białystok. They then taught in the seminary at Warmia, while also working in the diocesan Curia of Olsztyn.
Episcopacy
On 12 January 1970, Pope Paul VI appointed them titular Bishop of Acci and made them apostolic administrator of the Polish section of the Archdiocese of Vilnius (Białystok). The following 8 February they received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński. In charge of the church community, they were responsible for the reorganization of the diaconate and they also promoted the construction of new parishes. Beginning in 1944, despite wartime conditions, they furthered the growth of religious life in their area by creating in Białystok the Parish Catechetics Center and reviving the trimestral publication "Wiadomości Kościelne Archidiecezij w Białystoku" (Church news of the archdiocese of Białystok).
On 3 January 1976, they became Archbishop of Wrocław. While guiding this local church during these years, they created many pastoral centers in this large region. In addition, they founded the biweekly "Nowe Życie" (New Life) and crowned the statue of the Virgin as protector of the famous shrine of Wambierzyce in Lower Silesia, which is a pilgrimage center.
A few days before martial law was imposed in 1981, the local Solidarity union branch withdrew from its bank account 80 million zlotys, the equivalent of today's USD $100 million, and deposited the cash with Gulbinowicz, who hid it from the communist regime during Solidarity's delegalisation.
Cardinalate
On 25 May 1985 Gulbinowicz was created cardinal by John Paul II.
They were recognized as a voice of the moderate wing of the church in Poland. Where Cardinal Glemp of Warsaw warned priests against involvement with Solidarity, Gulbinowicz intervened with the Communist government on behalf of striking railway repair yard workers. In 1985 they identified the Church closely with Lech Wałęsa's leadership and told crowds of union-supporting pilgrims "Hang in there, as we are hanging in". A year later they told a similar crowd: "Only the right to organize independent organizations will enable Poland to overcome the severe political and economic crises troubling this country." At a ceremony commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Soviet invasion of Poland, they counselled patience with the post-Soviet government's attempts to rebuild Poland's economy and political institutions. They said "every thinking person in Poland understands that the good toward which the nation is moving must be paid for at the beginning with sacrifices.... Some laughed at our ideals, and even at the people who were faithful to those ideals" and said that Solidarity had proved faithful to its principles. They also avoided Glemp's "nationalist tones". When they welcomed the Pope to Wrocław, they spoke of tolerance and said the city was the work of various nationalities and religions over the centuries.
Resignation
Pope John Paul accepted their resignation as Archbishop of Wrocław on 3 April 2004, when they were thought to be 75 years old, the age at which bishops are required to submit their resignations. It then transpired that in 1942, as a young man, Gulbinowicz had falsified their birth records to escape being sent to a labor camp in Germany, listing the year of their birth as 1928 instead of 1923. Though the falsification suggested they were ordained a priest at a very young age, their correct age only became public in 2004 when an Italian newspaper noted that John Paul had accepted their resignation as Bishop of Wrocław at the age of 80, not 75. In 2005, with the end of Pope John Paul's life approaching, the birth-year discrepancy became more important and was published more widely. Had Gulbinowicz been born in 1928, they would be eligible to participate in a conclave to select John Paul's successor. With the correction, it was seen that they were past their 80th birthday and ineligible. Gulbinowicz told the Catholic Information Agency (Poland) that many of their peers employed this strategy and that after the war no one thought it necessary to restore their true birthdate to their documents. They said that their superiors had known the truth from the time they entered the seminary and that John Paul had known from before they became Pope. The correct birth date was printed in the Pontifical Yearbook presented to John Paul on 31 January 2005.
They were the author of a number of works in the new area of moral and doctrinal theology and on the formation of the clergy.
Sexual abuse allegations
On 6 November 2020, the Holy See's Nuncio to Poland announced that following a Vatican investigation regarding sex abuse allegations against Gulbinowicz, Gulbinowicz was now "barred from any kind of celebration or public meeting and from using their episcopal insignia, and is deprived of the right to a cathedral funeral and burial." They were ordered to pay "an appropriate sum" to their alleged victims.
Death
Gulbinowicz died on 16 November 2020 at 10:40am, just 10 days after the ruling against them was given, after having fallen unconscious in hospital. The cardinal was admitted to hospital in Wrocław on 10 November, just four days following the ruling. They died due to respiratory and circulatory failure after having suffered from acute pneumonia. Their remains were cremated and the ashes interred on 23 November in secrecy at their family's tomb at Olsztyn, where their parents were interred.
Notes
References
External links
|-
Archbishops of Wrocław
Bishops of Białystok
21st-century Polish cardinals
1923 births
2020 deaths
People from Vilnius
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Recipients of the Gold Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Catholic Church sexual abuse scandals in Poland
20th-century Polish cardinals
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Sabiha is an Arabic word () meaning "Morning" and a female given name. In Urdu it (خوبصورت، گوری چٹی) refers to beautiful, and blonde hair. People with the name include:
People
Given name
Sabiha Sultan (1894–1971), Ottoman princess, daughter of Mehmed VI
Sabiha Bengütaş (1904–1992), Turkish sculptor
Sabiha Gökçen (1913–2001), Turkish female combat pilot
Sabiha Gökçül Erbay (1900–1998), Turkish teacher and politician
Sabiha Khanum (1935–2020), Pakistani film actor
Sabiha Al Khemir (born 1959), Tunasian writer, illustrator, and Islamic art expert
Sabiha Sertel (1895–1968), Turkish journalist
Sabiha Sumar (born 1961), Pakistani filmmaker
Middle name
Hatice Sabiha Görkey (1888–1963), Turkish school teacher and politician
Other uses
Sabiha Gökçen International Airport (IATA: SAW, ICAO: LTFJ), one of the airports serving Istanbul, Turkey
Arabic feminine given names
Turkish feminine given names
Pakistani feminine given names
This is a timeline of the development of radio in Northern Ireland.
1970s
1970
No events.
1971
No events.
1972
12 July – Following the enabling of The Sound Broadcasting Act 1972, The Independent Broadcasting Authority is formed, paving the way for the launch of Independent Local Radio.
1973
No events.
1974
No events.
1975
1 January – BBC Radio Ulster is launched. It replaces what had been an opt-out of BBC Radio 4 (previously the BBC Northern Ireland Home Service) and launches as a result of the BBC's widely regarded under-reporting of the UWC Strike in May 1974.
1976
16 March – Independent Local Radio begins in Northern Ireland when Downtown Radio starts broadcasting.
1977
No events.
1978
No events.
1979
11 September – BBC Radio Foyle launches as an opt-out station from BBC Radio Ulster.
1980s
1980
No events.
1981
No events.
1982
No events.
1983
Plans for a station, Northside Sound, in the Derry region collapse.
1984
No events.
1985
No events.
1986
1 October – Downtown Radio's broadcast area is expanded when it begins broadcasting to the north western area of Northern Ireland.
1987
Late in 1987, Downtown Radio begins broadcasting to the Enniskillen and Omagh areas of Northern Ireland and to coincide with its expanded broadcast area, the station briefly rebrands itself as 'DTRFM'.
1988
24 November – BBC Radio 1 starts broadcasting on FM in Belfast.
1989
No events.
1990s
1990
7 February – Cool FM begins broadcasting to Belfast on FM. Downtown Radio continues on MW in Belfast and on FM across Northern Ireland.
6 April – Belfast Community Radio launches.
4 June – CityBeat begins broadcasting to Belfast.
1991
No events.
1992
Belfast Community Radio adopts a classic hits format and renames itself as Classic Trax BCR.
1993
No events.
1994
Classic Trax BCR relaunches as 96.7 BCR.
1995
Townland Radio begins broadcasting on 828 kHz in Cookstown, Northern Ireland.
1996
Radio 1521 launches. Broadcasting from Craigavon, the station covers much of mid-Ulster.
30 September – Belfast Community Radio closes and is replaced by CityBeat.
1997
Townland Radio is relaunched as Goldbeat.
1998
Radio 1521 is relaunched as Heartbeat 1521.
1999
22 May – Goldbeat and Heartbeat 1521 close down.
19 August – BBC Radio 1 broadcasts its first split programming when it introduces weekly national new music shows for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Session in Northern Ireland is presented by Colin Murray and Donna Legge.
2000s
2000
26 January – Q97.2, fully known as Q97.2 Causeway Radio, begins broadcasting to the Coleraine area of Northern Ireland.
2001
No events.
2002
19 March – Q101.2 begins broadcasting to Omagh and Enniskillen.
2003
1 February – Mid 106 FM begins broadcasting across mid Ulster.
2004
No events.
2005
14 November – U105 launches as a music and speech station covering Belfast-based radio station
2006
No events.
2007
No events.
2008
No events.
2009
No events.
2010s
2010
26 July – The BBC announces a trial scheme under which BBC Radio Foyle would be available on DAB as a part-time sidecar station to Radio Ulster, using a similar format as the part-time longwave-programming optouts of BBC Radio 4 on the BBC National DAB multiplex. During this trial, the bitrate of Radio Ulster drops during Foyle's separate broadcast hours, with Foyle carried as a split audio stream in the remaining space; outside of split shows, the full bitrate would revert to Radio Ulster.
2011
No events.
2012
No events.
2013
26 July – Digital radio is switched on in Northern Ireland allowing a further 1.4 million listeners to hear stations such as Smooth 70s, Absolute Radio 90s and Jazz FM.
2014
No events.
2015
9 August – The Q Radio Network launches. The network covers seven licence areas including Belfast which sees Citybeat subsumed into the new network.
2016
No events.
2017
No events.
2018
No events.
2019
No events.
2020s
2020
No events.
2021
6 May – BBC Radio Ulster and BBC Radio Foyle stop broadcasting on MW.
2022
No events.
See also
Timeline of radio in London
Timeline of radio in Manchester
Timeline of radio in Scotland
Timeline of radio in Wales
References
Radio in Northern Ireland
The Polish Basketball Association (, abbreviated to PZKosz), is a governing body for basketball in Poland. It directs and oversees all of the basketball national teams of Poland, including both the junior and senior national teams of both men and women.
History
The Polish Association of Sports Games was founded in 1928, and became a member of FIBA in 1934. In 1957, the Polish Basketball Association was then founded.
External links
Official website
Basketball governing bodies in Europe
Federation
Basketball
Sports organizations established in 1957
1957 establishments in Poland
Twelve referendums were held in Switzerland in 1985. The first four were held on 10 March on abolishing primary school fees (approved), abolishing the government contribution to healthcare spending (approved), a federal resolution on education fees (rejected) and a popular initiative on extending paid leave (rejected). The next set of four was held on 9 June on the "right to life" popular initiative (rejected), abolishing the cantonal share of profits from banks' stamp duty (approved), a federal resolution on the taxation raised from the sale of spirits (approved), and the abolition of grants for the self-supply of breadstuffs (approved).
A further three referendums were held on 22 September on a popular initiative to co-ordinate the start of the school year (approved), a federal resolution on giving small and medium enterprises an advantage in cases on innovations (rejected), and amendments to the Swiss Civil Code (approved). The final referendum was held on 1 December on a popular initiative to ban vivisection, which was rejected.
Results
March: Abolition of primary school fees
March: Healthcare
March: Education fees
March: Extending paid leave
June: Right to life
June: Stamp duty for banks
June: Tax on spirits
June: Breadstuffs
September: Co-ordinating the start of the School year
September: Innovations
September: Changes to the Civil Code
December: Banning vivisection
References
1985 referendums
1985 in Switzerland
Referendums in Switzerland
Abortion referendums
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Terasawa about a young boy cook. It was serialized in Kodansha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1986 to 1989, with its chapters collected in nineteen tankōbon volumes.
It was adapted into a 99-episode anime television series by Sunrise, broadcast on TV Tokyo from October 1987 to September 1989. The series was pitched for broadcast on the Food Network in the United States.
Plot
Ajiyoshi Youichi is a culinary prodigy who manages a restaurant with their mother. One day, Murata Genjirou appears in the restaurant and is surprised at the delicious taste and delicate culinary skills of the katsu-don prepared by Youichi. Subsequently, Youichi is invited to the Ajiou (literally meaning taste emperor) Building in which they are involved in a spaghetti match with the in-house Italian chef, Marui. Youichi's novel culinary ideas, coupled with their enthusiasm of serving the best for their guests, allow them to defeat Marui in the match. From then on, Youichi begins to compete with other rivals in the race for the best tastes and dishes.
Characters
Hinode Eatery
Meaning "sunrise" the is a local restaurant in an unnamed part of Tokyo where Ajiou Company is also based. It serves cheap, simple Japanese fare and is largely patronized by working-class people, but as Youichi defeats more and more opponents, the winning dishes are added to the menu periodically.
Youichi is the young head chef of their family's restaurant, they are passionately devoted to cooking and coming up with new and interesting culinary creations. Their age was 14 when they first started (revealed when they entered the Tough Steak competition for a year's supply of Sirloin beef.) Showing a great level of cooking skill at a young age, Youichi's mother lets them take over cooking at the restaurant as they admit he's better than they are at it. They first encounter Murata Genjirou (usually referred to as Ajiou-sama) in the first volume/episode of the series when the surly company head stops in on a whim. After impressing them with a super-thick katsudon (pork cutlet), Ajiou invites Youichi to the Ajiou Building where through a series of comical events they run afoul of the head of Ajiou's Italian cooking department, Chef Marui. After winning a spaghetti battle against the chef, Youichi's reputation as a "genius boy cook" becomes more widespread. They spend the rest of the series in a succession of cooking battles brought about by circumstance, direct challenges, or tournaments.  They are strongly dedicated to Hinode, as well as their friends at school. However, this dedication and pride is also their main fault. They cannot take having Hinode or their skill as a cook insulted; and finds it impossible to back down from direct challenges. Youichi's mother calls this tendency their "sickness" and it gets them into trouble several times, all of which have to be resolved through cooking competitions. In the series, they only lost twice, once in an unofficial match, the other as to recreate their late father's signature dish.
Youichi's mother and the current owner of the Hinode Eatery after their husband died. Noriko runs everything about the restaurant except for the cooking which they leaf to their son, unless they have left on some cooking related trip. As they are a good cook herself, they often have them taste their dishes beforehand to get their opinion on what they have done. They remark that Youichi is very much like their late husband in personality, as well has their passion for cooking and supports them whenever they have to go and compete.
Youichi's deceased father. It is never revealed exactly what they died of, but that it was about five years before the story starts. Takao was apparently known for being both an excellent chef and passionate about cooking. They left behind a book of recipes and cooking techniques that Youichi refers to in times of need, but it left out a page about a rare soup.
An anime original character. Youichi's classmate. Mitsuko works part-time at Hinode as a waiter in part as a favor to Youichi's mother and in part because they want to be close to Youichi (who is largely unaware and uninterested in romance). They get jealous if other girls take their attention.  They are not a terribly good cook, but does their best to support Youichi and is often part of the group who taste tests their dishes. They only appear in the anime and is also there to help advance the explanation of whatever unusual cooking techniques are being used in the battle.
An anime original character. Shigeru is Mitsuko's little brother.  They are 7 years old when they first appeared. They hang out at the Hinode Eatery because they get free food and they like Youichi's cooking better than Mitsuko's. They also do a lot of taste testing and only appears in the anime.  They are also an avid baseball fan.
Ajiou Company
The is the largest conglomerate of chefs and cooks in the country. While it is never directly stated what the Ajiou Group does, it can be assumed they have restaurant chains, training schools, and other products related to cooking.
-
Head of the Ajiou group, it's stated that Ajiou-sama has been the head of the cooking world in Japan for the last thirty years. An accomplished chef with a discerning tongue, they oversee their empire directly and awards talent when they find it.  They are recognizable by their grey hair, beard, and mustache; and their Japanese style clothing. After they encounter Youichi, they become very interested in him, possibly as additional talent or a successor. They often show up wherever Youichi is doing battle, sometimes going so far as to provide the facilities. They also decide to start holding the "Ajiou Company Grand Prix Contest", a cooking competition for young and upcoming chefs to quash any rumours of them retiring. Of the two times it is held in the manga, Youichi ties for the title in the first one and wins out right the second time.
/
Ajiou's personal secretary. They wear a suit and carries a brief case.  They are responsible for accompanying Ajiou-sama wherever they go, and presumably takes care of things like bills at restaurants and arranging transportation and such. Their name means droopy eyes.
Head of the Italian cooking department at the Ajiou Company.  They are a short, rotund man with a thick black mustache (the name Marui may be a nod to Mario, from the Super Mario Bros. game series). Marui meets Youichi when the boy is mistakenly put in their Italian cooking class where they upstage the famous chef over the best way to cook al dente pasta. In response, Marui demands a spaghetti battle between them and Youichi from Ajiou-sama. After he's beaten, Marui accepts defeat gracefully and becomes one of Youichi's strongest supporters, next to Ajiou-sama. They tend to check in and advise Youichi during the preparation before battles and has also helped out at Hinode while Youichi has been absent due to training or competitions. There are some small indications that they may be attracted to Noriko, but it is never explored in the manga. They returned to Italy after their 41st birthday, in a friendly battle against Youichi, but both defeated a robot.  They are also the second person after Ajiou-sama to get the Golden Plate, 10 years before Youichi eventually got his.
Head of the French cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Shimonaka is much younger than the other department heads. They have blond hair that flips up at the bottom. They were formally trained in France and is the only member of the Ajiou Company department heads who competes in the GP Contest as a representative. They conceded defeat in the second round after their dish had too many leftover bones of a fish, and returns to France to train. Upon their return they are dead set on defeating Youichi, but ultimately while they come to respect and consider Youichi a friend, they are never successful.
Head of the Japanese cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Shiba is an older gentleman with light hair that they wear brushed back. They also wear Japanese style clothing. Shiba is usually a judge during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company and helps judge the last battle which is between Youichi and Ajiou-sama himself. Their father is a squid shop vendor.
Head of the German cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Sekiba has short, dark, curly hair that is receding. They wear a cravat under a collared coat. Sekiba is another judge during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company. Youichi helps them defend the Ajiou Company's reputation in a bratwurst battle.
Head of the Chinese cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Yonemoto has black hair and eyes that always look like they're closed. They tend to wear suits.  They are the last of the judges during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company.
Aji Shougun Group
The is a less reputable company similar to Ajiou; bent on driving many of the local restaurants (including Hinode) in Youichi's neighborhood out of business, having already forced Youichi's father to close of their former business - a traditional Japanese floating teahouse. Though they make good food, they also try to use flashy decorations or gimmicks like trailer trucks to attract more customers. Whenever one of members of this group shows up, the restaurant shop owner in danger usually comes to Youichi for help.
Other rivals
Youichi has many one off battles over the course of the series, however; there are several chefs whom they face multiple times and considers to be personal rivals.
Sakai is also considered to be a "genius boy chef" and their biggest peer rival. Like Youichi, they are short with dark hair, but is mainly recognizable by their one fang when they smile or opens their mouth. Youichi first encounters them for the first time in defense of Hinode. Sakai is working for someone who wants to buy the building and put up a high rise food complex (who is also their legal guardian because they are also 14). The two compete in a curry battle, which Youichi wins by a clever use of pineapple and instant coffee. They face off several more times, including during both GP Contests. Youichi wins most of these matches, although they did tie for first in the first GP Contest. They ended up being inspired enough to open a curry shop next to Hinode. They were formerly a Yellow Plate holder for the best Custodian Chefs in Japan.
Konishi is an adult who has a specialty in cooking meat. They have shaggy dark hair and a large chin with a pronounced cleft in it. Youichi first runs into them during a steak contest (the winner would get a year's worth of steak for their restaurant). Konishi lost thanks to Youichi's clever use of a specially made heated steak plate. Angry and embarrassed, they vow to face Youichi again. They meet again at the GP Contest, where Konishi is the first to be eliminated. They take this loss with a little more dignity and becomes one of the cast members who regularly appears to watch Youichi compete and occasionally help out at Hinode. They did become a member of Aji Shogun Group until they escaped and became a sushi chef apprentice.
Nakae is a man in their early twenties. Based in Kyuushu, they theirs very passionate and devoted to growing their own ingredients and making good food. Nakae is quite tall and bulky, with long dark hair and usually has a band-aid over the bridge of their nose. Nakae differs from many of Youichi's other rivals in that they are very good natured and pleasant. In their first encounter, Nakae actually beats Youichi, but there is no ill will and they meet again in the second GP Contest, where they lose in the last round over a steak battle. Nakae also has a couple of friends who challenge Youichi, but both lose. They lost the battle to win the Red Plate (Best International Chef), Blue Plate (Best Sea-based Chef), Green (Best Herbal and Medical Chef), for the right to compete against Kazuma.
Ryuu is a 19 (holds a motorbike license, in which the minimum legal age is 18) and cooking prodigy from Hong Kong. Ryuu has spiky hair that is dark at the top and light at the bottom. They wear a white Chinese style coat. They and Youichi meet during a trip the latter takes to Hong Kong with a family friend. Ryuu and Youichi have one match up in Hong Kong which go either way, but they are eliminated in the second round of the second GP contest. They appear a couple times more, and once or twice actually assists Youichi in defeating Ryu's former master, who betrayed him.
Theme songs
Opening theme:
Ending theme:
(Both) Song and composition: Wataru Kuniyasu / Lyrics: Ikki Matsumoto / Arrangement: Tatsumi Yano
References
External links
1986 manga
1987 anime television series debuts
Cooking in anime and manga
Kodansha manga
Shōnen manga
Seinen manga
Sunrise (company)
TV Tokyo original programming
Callimetopus laterivitta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1915. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1915
Streptanthus bracteatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names bracted jewelflower and bracted twistflower. It is endemic to Texas in the United States.
This annual or biennial herb has a branching stem up to 1.2 meters tall. It is hairless and generally waxy in texture. The basal leaves have lobed or toothed blades on long petioles, and the leaves higher on the stem have smooth or toothed edges. The inflorescence is a raceme of flowers and bracts. Each flower has a bell-shaped calyx of sepals and four purple petals which may be nearly 2 centimeters long. The fruit is a long, flattened silique up to 14.5 centimeters in length.
This plant is native to the Balcones Escarpment on the Edwards Plateau in Texas. It grows on clay soils in several habitat types. It may be found in areas where it is protected from herbivory by a dense layer of shrubs.
References
bracteatus
Endemic flora of Texas
Frederik Nielsen and Joe Salisbury were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Santiago González and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi won the title after defeating Gong Maoxin and Zhang Ze 4–6, 7–6(7–5), [10–5] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Nottingham Open - Men's Doubles
2019 Men's Doubles
2019 Nottingham Open
Grégory Turpin is a French pop singer and songwriter. They were born on July 3, 1980 in Saint-Girons, Ariège in south-western France. Their three albums have contributed to the rise of spiritual pop music in France.
Early life
Grégory Turpin was born in Ariège to parents who were both shopkeepers. They began making music at the age of twelve, when they started taking guitar lessons. At fifteen they converted to Catholicism, which eventually led them to join the monastic order of Carmel in Montpellier. They were forced to leave the monastery after a year due to serious health problems. Turpin began to make a living performing in bars in Toulouse and soon became a great success as part of the city's night-life.
Career
In 2005, following their recovery from drug addiction, Turpin began using their artistic talent in the service of others. They have since participated in several initiatives involving young people, held in various cities throughout France. The most notable of these is the 2007 production of the musical comedy Un Lys dans les épines [A Lily Among the Thorns] performed in the city of Châlons-en-Champagne in northern France. The production brought together 70 young people from a variety of backgrounds to tell the history of the Basilique Notre-Dame de l'Epine through the medium of music. The production attracted more than 3,000 audience members.
During this period, Turpin also collaborated on two albums with French spiritual singer Soeur Laetitia and produced their first solo album, Testament, which was released in 2007. Turpin moved to Paris in 2008 to gain access to a larger artistic community and to reach a wider audience with their work. There they recorded their second solo album Attache-moi (Never Let Me Go), which had great impact among the Christian music community. In 2012 they published their autobiography, Clair Obscur [In the Shadows], in which they share their testimony as to their conversion, their time spent in the monastic order at Carmel, as well as their drug addiction and subsequent recovery.
Musical career
Although they do not divorce their musical career from their faith, Turpin does not identify themselves as a confessional singer. Their first album, Testament, released in 2007, saw them marry the musical genre of pop-rock with the rich, mystical lyrics of Soeur Marie du Saint Esprit. They ventured into song-writing with their following album, Attache-moi, released in 2009, in which they address the psychological problems fostered by contemporary society. In 2011 they recorded a duet with Israeli singer Nourith Sibony, whom they knew from the musical comedy The Ten Commandments. The track, entitled "Yerushalayim" ("Jerusalem"), is sung in Hebrew and celebrates the shared aspects of the Jewish and Christian faiths, calling for peace in the Holy Land.
In 2012, Turpin was picked by Grégoire Boissenot to feature on the album Thérèse, vivre d'amour [Theresa, a life of love], which was composed by Boissenot and released on April 22, 2013. The album puts the finest poems of Sainte Thérèse de Lisieux to music; Turpin features on three songs, including a duet with Canadian singer and presenter Natasha St-Pier, "Ma seule paix" ["My only peace"], and a solo, "A mes petits frères" ["To my little brothers"], which features as accompaniment the all-boys choir Manécanterie des Petits Chanteurs à la Croix de bois. This album has become platinum-selling since its release.
In July 2014, Turpin was signed by Universal and will be performing at the Olympia Hall in Paris on 6 June 2015. Turpin has also performed at the marriage ceremonies of several celebrities.
Philanthropy
During their career, Turpin has performed for numerous charities, including the association Tu'toine, sponsored by French actor Nathalie Marquay and the association Action Muco. In 2009, they supported the NGO Casor de menor, founded by Father Renato Chiera, which seeks to educate and care for street children in Brazil. In February 2013 they invited Boissenot and St-Pier to perform at the gala for the charity Fonds de Dotation Soeur Marguerite, of which they are a sponsor.
Discography
2005: Petite Thérèse (Little Theresa) Witness production
2007: En toute intimité (Total intimacy) AVM diffusion
2007: Testament (Testament)
2009: Attache-moi (Never let me go) Première Partie
2013: Thérèse, Vivre d'amour (Theresa, a life of love) TF1 Music
2014: Mes racines (Back to my roots) Première Partie
2016: Changer de vie (Change of life) Première Partie
Bibliography
June 2013: Vivre d'amour (A Life of Love), principal contributor, Editions Michel Lafon.)
References
External links
1980 births
French singer-songwriters
Living people
People from Ariège (department)
21st-century French singers
The Berwick Hotel is located on the northeast corner of Wheeling Avenue and Sixth Street in Cambridge, Ohio, United States and was built in 1887 for Colonel Joseph D. Taylor in the Second Empire style.
History
The plot of land where the Berwick Hotel was built was bought by Joseph Taylor in 1866. They built their house on the site and lived there until the 1880s when they moved into their Queen Anne style house on the other side of town. The old house was torn down to make room for the larger structure covering the entire lot. Taylor chose the name Berwick from their bride's hometown of North Berwick, Maine. The hotel opened to much celebration on August 16, 1887; it was a Romanesque Revival building.
In November 1891, the hotel was destroyed by fire, but Taylor quickly arranged for the erection of a replacement. At the time, Cambridge was in the middle of a period of prosperity that had continued with little interruption since the first railroad came in the 1850s. Because the hotel sits on a sloped lot, it is irregular in its plan: parts of the building are four stories tall, while others are only three.
In 1983, the hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its place in local history. It is located within a National Register-listed historic district: the Wheeling Avenue Historic District, designated in 1987, which extends along Wheeling Avenue from Fourth Street to Tenth Street.
References
Further reading
Kerrigan, William; Images of America: Cambridge; Arcadia Publishing; Chicago, Illinois; 2006
National Register of Historic Places in Guernsey County, Ohio
Hotel buildings completed in 1892
Buildings and structures in Guernsey County, Ohio
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Historic district contributing properties in Ohio
Cambridge, Ohio
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1996.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and Västerås SK and IF Elfsborg won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1996
2
Sweden
Sweden
This article is about the phonology and phonetics of the Galician language.
Vowels
Galician has seven vowel phonemes, which are represented by five letters in writing. Similar vowels are found under stress in standard Catalan and Italian. It is likely that this 7-vowel system was even more widespread in the early stages of Romance languages.
Some characteristics of the vocalic system:
In Galician the vocalic system is reduced to five vowels in post-tonic syllables, and to just three in final unstressed position: (which can instead be transcribed as ). In some cases, vowels from the final unstressed set appear in other positions, as e.g. in the word , because the prefix is pronounced .
Unstressed close-mid vowels and open-mid vowels ( and ) can occur in complementary distribution (e.g. 'sheep' / 'to omit' and 'little, small' / 'to emit'), with a few minimal pairs like 'to throw' vs. 'to jump'. In pretonic syllables, close-/open-mid vowels are kept in derived words and compounds (e.g. - > 'string' → 'string-maker'—which contrasts with 'lamb').
The distribution of stressed close-mid vowels (/e/, /o/) and open-mid vowels (/ɛ/, /ɔ/) are as follows:
Vowels with graphic accents are usually open-mid, such as vén [bɛŋ], só [s̺ɔ], póla [ˈpɔlɐ], óso [ˈɔs̺ʊ], présa [ˈpɾɛs̺ɐ].
Nouns ending in -el or -ol and their plural forms have open-mid vowels, such as papel [paˈpɛl] 'paper' or caracol [kaɾaˈkɔl] 'snail'.
Second-person singular and third-person present indicative forms of second conjugation verbs (-er) with the thematic vowel /e/ or /u/ have open-mid vowels, while all remaining verb forms maintain close-mid vowels:
bebo [ˈbeβʊ], bebes [ˈbɛβɪs̺], bebe [ˈbɛβɪ], beben [ˈbɛβɪŋ]
como [ˈkomʊ], comes [ˈkɔmɪs̺], come [ˈkɔmɪ], comen [ˈkɔmɪŋ]
Second-person singular and third-person present indicative forms of third conjugation verbs (-ir) with the thematic vowel /e/ or /u/ have open-mid vowels, while all remaining verb forms maintain close vowels:
sirvo [ˈs̺iɾβʊ], serves [ˈs̺ɛɾβɪs̺], serve [ˈs̺ɛɾβɪ], serven [ˈs̺ɛɾβɪŋ]
[ˈfuʃʊ], foxes [ˈfɔʃɪs̺], foxe [ˈfɔʃɪ], foxen [ˈfɔʃɪŋ]
Certain verb forms derived from irregular preterite forms have open-mid vowels:
preterite indicative: coubeches [kowˈβɛt͡ʃɪs̺], coubemos [kowˈβɛmʊs̺], coubestes [kowˈβɛs̺tɪs̺], couberon [kowˈβɛɾʊŋ]
pluperfect: eu/el coubera [kowˈβɛɾɐ], couberas [kowˈβɛɾɐs̺], couberan [kowˈβɛɾɐŋ]
preterite subjunctive: eu/el coubese [kowˈβɛs̺ɪ], coubeses [kowˈβɛs̺ɪs̺], coubesen [kowˈβɛs̺ɪŋ]
future subjunctive: eu/el couber [kowˈβɛɾ], couberes [kowˈβɛɾɪs̺], coubermos [kowˈβɛɾmʊs̺], couberdes [kowˈβɛɾðɪs̺], couberen [kowˈβɛɾɪŋ]
The letter names e [ˈɛ], efe [ˈɛfɪ], ele [ˈɛlɪ], eme [ˈɛmɪ], ene [ˈɛnɪ], eñe [ˈɛɲɪ], erre [ˈɛrɪ], ese [ˈɛs̺ɪ], o [ˈɔ] have open-mid vowels, while the remaining letter names have close-mid vowels.
Close-mid vowels:
verb forms of first conjugation verbs with a thematic mid vowel followed by -i- or palatal x, ch, ll, ñ (deitar, axexar, pechar, tellar, empeñar, coxear)
verb forms of first conjugation verbs ending in -ear or -oar (voar)
verbs forms derived from the irregular preterite form of ser and ir (fomos, fora, fose, for)
verbs forms derived from regular preterite forms
infinitives of second conjugation verbs (coller, pór)
the majority of words ending in -és (coruñés, vigués, montañés)
the diphthong ou (touro, tesouro)
nouns ending in -edo, -ello, -eo, -eza, ón, -or, -oso (medo, cortello, feo, grandeza, corazón, matador, fermoso)
Of the seven vocalic phonemes of the tonic and pretonic syllables, only has a set of different renderings (allophones), forced by its context:
(short central): normal realization of the phoneme.
(long central): due to contraction, as in 'frog' < < Latin .
(short advanced back): when next to .
(short retracted front): before a palatal consonant.
All dialectal forms of Galician but Ancarese, spoken in the Ancares valley in León, have lost the phonemic quality of mediaeval nasal vowels. Nevertheless, any vowel is nasalized in contact with a nasal consonant.
The vocalic system of Galician language is heavily influenced by metaphony. Regressive metaphony is produced either by a final , which tend to open medium vowels, or by a final , which can have the reverse effect. As a result, metaphony affects most notably words with gender opposition: ('father-in-law') vs. ('mother-in-law'). On the other hand, vowel harmony, triggered by or , has had a large part in the evolution and dialectal diversification of the language.
Diphthongs
Galician language possesses a large set of falling diphthongs:
There are also a certain number of rising diphthongs, but they are not characteristic of the language and tend to be pronounced as hiatus.
Consonants
Voiced plosives (, and ) are lenited (weakened) to approximants or fricatives in all instances, except after a pause or a nasal consonant; e.g. 'a cat' is pronounced , whilst 'the cat' is pronounced .
During the modern period, Galician consonants have undergone significant sound changes that closely parallel the evolution of Spanish consonants, including the following changes that neutralized the opposition of voiced fricatives / voiceless fricatives:
> ;
> > in western dialects, or in eastern and central dialects;
> ;
For a comparison, see Differences between Spanish and Portuguese: Sibilants. Additionally, during the 17th and 18th centuries the western and central dialects of Galician developed a voiceless fricative pronunciation of (a phenomenon called ). This may be glottal , pharyngeal , uvular , or velar .
The distribution of the two rhotics and closely parallels that of Spanish. Between vowels, the two contrast (e.g. 'myrrh' vs. 'look'), but they are otherwise in complementary distribution. appears in the onset, except in word-initial position (), after , , and (, ), where is used. There is a free variation in "r" word-initially, after , , and : , , .
Spanish has been experiencing a centuries-long consonant shift in which the lateral consonant comes to be pronounced as a fricative (see ). This merger, which is almost complete for Spanish in Spain, has slightly influenced other varieties spoken in Spain, including some Galician ones, but it is rejected by Galician language institutions. In this respect, it can be said that Portuguese is phonologically more conservative than Galician.
References
Bibliography
Phonology
Italic phonologies
David 'Dai' Beynon (1919–1966) was the deputy head of Pantglas Junior School in Aberfan, Wales.  They are known in Wales and throughout the UK as one of the heroes of the Aberfan disaster of 1966, dying in the disaster as they attempted to shield the children in their class.
Personal life
Beynon was married to Vera and they had one son, Philip (b 1953).
Beynon studied at Bangor University, where they played in goal for Bangor City F.C. They also played back row forward for Pontypridd rugby club in their youth, and is remembered as an "outstanding" player whose career was cut short by injuries.
Beynon died just after 9:15am on 21 October 1966 in the Aberfan disaster and is buried at Aberfan Cemetery. Beynon was deputy head of Pantglas Junior School. Their son Philip recalled that their father had only been teaching at the school for about six weeks before the disaster, having previously been teaching at a school in Merthyr Tydfil.
Aberfan disaster
On the morning of 21 October 1966, Beynon was in their classroom when the Aberfan disaster unfolded and the slurry from the colliery spoil tip hit the school. Beynon scooped up the five the nearest children into their arms and braced themselves against a blackboard to shield them from the oncoming avalanche. Beynon and all 34 children in the classroom were killed. The South Wales Argus reported that they had been found dead, still clutching the children in their arms. A rescuer at the time said: "He was clutching five little children in their arms as if they had been protecting them."
Their son Philip later recalled: "My mother came home at 2am the next morning and said my father was dead. They had spent all day there hoping they would be found alive. They were a good father, a well-respected man. There were hundreds at their funeral. I remember the front lawn at our house was covered in wreaths."
The Leslie Norris poem 'Elegy for David Beynon' commemorates the poet's childhood friendship with Beynon, and is one of Norris's most anthologised poems.
References
1919 births
1966 deaths
Accidental deaths in Wales
Alumni of Bangor University
Pontypridd RFC players
Rugby union players in Wales
Atkinson County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,375. The county seat is Pearson. The county was formed in 1917 from parts of Coffee and Clinch Counties. It is named for William Yates Atkinson, Democratic governor of Georgia from 1894 to 1898. In 2003 it had the highest illiteracy rate of any U.S. county at 36%.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
The vast majority of Atkinson County is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin. The entire narrow western border area, in a line parallel to the western border and running through Willacoochee, is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. A small southeastern corner of the county is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 221
U.S. Route 441
State Route 31
State Route 64
State Route 89
State Route 90
State Route 135
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Coffee County - north
Ware County - east
Clinch County - south
Lanier County - southwest
Berrien County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,609 people, 2,717 households, and 1,980 families living in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 3,171 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 66.79% White, 19.61% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 12.03% from other races, and 1.06% from two or more races. 16.95% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,717 households, out of which 38.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.10% were married couples living together, 12.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.10% were non-families. 23.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.27.
In the county the population was spread out, with 30.30% under the age of 18, 10.90% from 18 to 24, 29.60% from 25 to 44, 19.90% from 45 to 64, and 9.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,470, and the median income for a family was $32,688. Males had a median income of $24,763 versus $18,434 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,178. About 18.10% of families and 23.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.10% of those under age 18 and 31.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,375 people, 2,983 households, and 2,159 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,522 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 62.2% white, 17.3% black or African American, 0.6% American Indian, 0.3% Pacific islander, 0.3% Asian, 17.7% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 24.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.1% were English, 16.0% were Irish, and 7.5% were American.
Of the 2,983 households, 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.6% were non-families, and 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29. The median age was 33.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,834 and the median income for a family was $34,859. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $25,705 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,456. About 19.8% of families and 28.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 42.4% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 8,286 people, 2,880 households, and 1,976 families residing in the county.
Education
The county is serviced along with Coffee County, Georgia by the Satilla Regional Library System.
Communities
Cities
Pearson
Willacoochee
Census-designated place
Axson
Unincorporated communities
Kirkland
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Atkinson County, Georgia
References
External links
list of places
Atkinson County Sheriff's Office
Atkinson County historical marker
1917 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1917
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
The England cricket team toured Sri Lanka in October and November 2018 to play three Tests, five One Day Internationals (ODIs) and one Twenty20 International (T20I) match. The tour included England's first Test matches in Sri Lanka since 2012.
In September 2018, Sri Lanka Cricket named Dinesh Chandimal as the captain of the ODI team, replacing Angelo Mathews. Days later, Mathews was dropped from Sri Lanka's ODI side due to fitness concerns. However, Mathews was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad, which was named at the same time as the ODI squad.
England won the ODI series 3–1, after the first match finished in a no result. Despite all five ODIs being affected by rain, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) defended the decision to play the series during Sri Lanka's monsoon season, saying that they had "very little wriggle room" with regards to the dates. England won the one-off T20I match by 30 runs.
In October 2018, Sri Lankan bowler Rangana Herath announced that they would retire from international cricket following the first Test in Galle. In the first innings of the match, they became the third bowler to take 100 Test wickets at the same venue, when they dismissed the England captain Joe Root. After the match, Herath said that it was "the right time" to retire, finishing their career with 433 Test wickets, the most for a left-arm spin bowler. Sri Lanka's Test captain, Dinesh Chandimal, was ruled out of the rest of the series after suffering an injury in the first Test, with Suranga Lakmal named as their replacement as captain for the remaining two Tests.
England won the first two Test matches, therefore giving them an unassailable lead, and their first series win in Sri Lanka since 2001. England went on to win the third Test by 42 runs, therefore winning the series 3–0. It was the first time that England had won every Test of a three-match series in Sri Lanka. It was also England's first clean sweep in an overseas series of three or more Tests since beating New Zealand in 1963. The Test series saw 100 wickets taken by spin bowling, a record for a three-match series.
Squads
Liam Plunkett was included in the England ODI squad, but missed the first three matches due to their wedding. Prior to the third ODI, Liam Dawson was ruled out of the series with a side strain, and replaced by Joe Denly. Jonny Bairstow suffered an injury in training ahead of the fourth ODI and was ruled out of the remaining limited-over matches. Chris Jordan was added to the England squad for the one-off T20I. Ben Foakes was added to England's Test squad as cover for Jonny Bairstow. Bairstow's injury also ruled them out of the first Test. Ahead of the second Test, Ollie Pope was released from England's squad, to allow them to play with the England Lions.
Kusal Mendis was added to Sri Lanka's squad, replacing Kusal Perera who suffered an injury during the second ODI match. Kusal Perera was then ruled out of the one-off T20I, with Sadeera Samarawickrama added to Sri Lanka's squad for the match. Ahead of the Test series, Lahiru Kumara was removed from Sri Lanka's squad for disciplinary reasons, and was replaced by Dushmantha Chameera. Ahead of the second Test, Charith Asalanka was added to Sri Lanka's squad. For the third Test, Nishan Peiris replaced Akila Dananjaya in Sri Lanka's squad. Dananjaya was reported for a suspect bowling action during the first Test. Danushka Gunathilaka was added to Sri Lanka's squad for the third Test, with Asalanka being released.
Tour matches
1st 50 over match: Sri Lanka Board XI vs England
2nd 50 over match: Sri Lanka Board XI vs England
1st Two-day match: Sri Lanka Board XI vs England
2nd Two-day match: Sri Lanka Board XI vs England
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
T20I match
Only T20I
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
3rd Test
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in English cricket
2018 in Sri Lankan cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
English cricket tours of Sri Lanka
The Rectory, also known as Dyer's Store and Plain Dealing, is a historic home located near Keene, Albemarle County, Virginia.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1848
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
The Party for National Unity and Democracy (, PUND–Salama) is a small political party in Niger. Its slogan "Salama", is an Arabic loan word meaning "Peace" in the Hausa language. Its support base is amongst the Tuareg and other communities in the north of Niger.
History
Established in 1992 by Akoli Daouel, the party received 0.1% of the vote in the 1993 parliamentary elections, failing to win a seat. However, after increasing its vote share to 2.4% in the 1995 elections, it won three seats. It subsequently joined the Alliance of the Forces of Change coalition of President Mahamane Ousmane. In the 1996 elections it lost parliamentary representation.
The party did not contest the 1999 general elections, but ran in the 2004 parliamentary elections, failing to win a seat. Despite increasing its vote share from 0.1% to 1.4%, it remained seatless following the 2009 elections. It did not run in the 2011 general elections, but contested the 2016 parliamentary elections, again failing to win a seat.
References
Political parties in Niger
1992 establishments in Niger
Political parties established in 1992
The Kyrbasia (Old Persian: *kurpāsa) was a type of headgear worn by the satraps of the Achaemenid Empire. It was later adopted by several post-Achaemenid dynasties, including the early Arsacids of Parthia, the early Ariarathids of Cappadocia, the Orontids of Sophene, and the Frataraka of Persis.
The kyrbasia is sometimes erroneously referred to as a bashlyk, the Turkic word (başlık in Turkish) for a similar headgear used by Cumans, Kipchaks and Tatars during the Middle Ages.
References
Sources
Iranian clothing
Greek words and phrases
Parthian Empire
Kingdom of Cappadocia
Achaemenid Empire
Eglė Zablockytė (born 24 May 1989) is a track and road cyclist from Lithuania. They won with together with Aušrinė Trebaitė and Aleksandra Sošenko the women's team time trial at the 2011 Summer Universiade.
References
External links
profile at Procyclingstats.com
1989 births
Lithuanian female cyclists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Universiade medalists in cycling
Universiade gold medalists for Lithuania
Medalists at the 2011 Summer Universiade
Ofahiki Ogden (born 6 June 1996) is a New Zealand rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Parramatta Eels in the NRL.
Early life
Ogden was born in Auckland, New Zealand.  They are of Tongan descent. They played their junior rugby league for the Mangere East Hawks and attended De La Salle College, Mangere East.
Playing career
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs (2018–2021)
Ogden made their NRL debut for Canterbury-Bankstown in round 16 of the 2018 NRL season against the Newcastle Knights.
Ogden spent most of the 2018 season playing with Canterbury's reserve grade team. Ogden played in the club's Intrust Super Premiership NSW grand final victory over Newtown at Leichhardt Oval. The following week, Ogden played in Canterbury's NRL State Championship side which defeated Redcliffe 42-18 at ANZ Stadium.
Ogden made 13 appearances for Canterbury in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished 12th on the table.
Ogden played 11 games for Canterbury in the 2020 NRL season. The club finished 15th on the table and only avoided the wooden spoon due to a better for and against over last placed Brisbane.
Ogden made a total of 12 appearances for Canterbury in the 2021 NRL season as the club finished last and claimed the Wooden Spoon.
Parramatta Eels (2022–present)
On 28 November 2021, Ogden signed a train and trial deal with Canterbury's arch rivals, the Parramatta Eels. On 20 February 2022, Ogden signed a three-year deal with Parramatta until the end of 2024.
Controversy
On 2 October 2021, Ogden was arrested by NSW Police for alleged drug possession. The matter was then referred onto the NRL Integrity Unit.
On 11 November, Ogden pleaded guilty to cocaine possession but avoided conviction at Waverley Local Court.
References
External links
Bulldogs profile
1996 births
Living people
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand people of Tongan descent
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league players from Auckland
Rugby league second-rows
The Biofeedback Certification International Alliance (BCIA) is an organization that issues certificates for biofeedback, which is "gaining awareness of biological processes".
Biofeedback Certification Institute of America was established in 1981 as a non-profit organization. BCIA is a member of the Institute for Credentialing Excellence (ICE). BCIA certifies individuals who meet education and training standards in biofeedback and neurofeedback and progressively recertifies those who satisfy continuing education requirements. BCIA certification has been endorsed by the Mayo Clinic, the Association for Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback (AAPB), the International Society for Neurofeedback and Research (ISNR), and the Washington State Legislature.
BCIA has advanced this mission by developing rigorous ethical standards, Blueprints of Knowledge, core reading lists, and examinations based on the reading lists for its three main certification programs. BCIA serves the international community and the field by requiring that its certificants demonstrate entry-level competence and agree to follow its ethical code. Recertification encourages certificants to increase and update their knowledge of the field. BCIA is administered by a professional staff that is supervised by an independent board of directors of clinicians, educators, and researchers in the field.
Regionally accredited institutions in the United States and Europe have adopted the BCIA Blueprints of Knowledge. These include Alliant International University, Cal State Fullerton, East Carolina University, Forest Institute of Professional Psychology, Kansas State University, Niagara County Community College, Nova Southeastern University, San Francisco State University, Saybrook Graduate School, Sigmund Freud University (Austria), Sonoma State University, Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine, St. Mary's University, Texas, Truman State University, the University of Maryland, the University of North Texas, the University of South Florida, and Widener University. Saybrook Graduate School and Widener University also provide distance education. BCIA has responded to growing international interest in its certification by approving new training programs in Hong Kong, Japan, and Taiwan.
Professionals certified by BCIA in General Biofeedback may refer to themselves as Board Certified in Biofeedback (BCB), in Neurofeedback as Board Certified in Neurofeedback (BCN), and Pelvic Muscle Dysfunction Biofeedback as Board Certified in Biofeedback for Pelvic Muscle Dysfunction (BCB-PMD). The majority of BCIA's international certificants practice in Canada, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
Biofeedback and neurofeedback
The American Psychological Association has named biofeedback as a clinical proficiency.
The Association for Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback (AAPB), the Biofeedback Certification Institution of America (BCIA), and the International Society for Neurofeedback and Research (ISNR) approved the following definition of biofeedback on May 18, 2008:
The neurofeedback training (NFT) is the use of monitoring devices to provide moment-to-moment information to an individual on the state of their physiological functioning.
The Meaning of Certification
BCIA is a non-profit organization without governmental powers to regulate biofeedback and neurofeedback practice. While BCIA certification means that candidates have satisfied entry-level requirements in biofeedback, neurofeedback (also called EEG biofeedback), or pelvic muscle dysfunction biofeedback, certificants may require a government license for independent practice when treating medical or psychological disorders. Licensed certificants must operate within the scope of their license and must practice within their areas of expertise. Where the government regulates biofeedback and neurofeedback services, unlicensed certificants must be supervised by a licensed professional and operate within the scope of their supervisor's license when treating disorders. Unlicensed certificants who provide biofeedback/neurofeedback training for educational or optimal performance purposes do not require licensed supervision. Where the government does not regulate the treatment of medical or psychological disorders, certificants should practice in accord with the laws of their state, province, or country. All certificants must practice within their personal areas of expertise.
BCIA certification programs
BCIA certifies individuals with appropriate health care backgrounds in general biofeedback, neurofeedback, and pelvic muscle dysfunction (PMDB) biofeedback. BCIA also certifies Academics and Technicians in general biofeedback and neurofeedback. While individuals certified in general biofeedback may use all biofeedback modalities and adjunctive procedures, those exclusively certified in neurofeedback are limited to EEG biofeedback and adjunctive procedures. PMDB certification is only for licensed health care providers who use SEMG biofeedback to treat elimination disorders and pelvic pain. The BCIA website provides a detailed explanation of the requirements for certification and recertification.
Clinical certification
Clinical Certification is available for biofeedback, neurofeedback, and PMDB biofeedback. This program is designed for individuals with appropriate health care backgrounds who treat medical and/or psychological disorders, either independently under their license or under appropriate supervision. Applicants must at least possess a bachelor's degree in a clinical health care area from a regionally accredited academic institution. Candidates must document their completion of didactic education and mentored clinical training, pass a certification exam, and agree to follow BCIA's Professional Standards and Ethical Principles and applicable governmental and professional rules. BCIA has adopted a mentoring/consultation model of supervision. BCIA provides blueprints and core reading lists to guide didactic education and exam preparation.
Board certification in biofeedback (BCB)
The BCIA didactic education requirement includes a 48-hour course from a regionally accredited academic institution or a BCIA-approved training program that covers the complete General Biofeedback Blueprint of Knowledge and study of human anatomy and physiology. The General Biofeedback Blueprint of Knowledge areas include: I. Orientation to Biofeedback, II. Stress, Coping, and Illness, III. Psychophysiological Recording, IV. Surface Electromyographic (SEMG) Applications, V. Autonomic Nervous System (ANS) Applications, VI. Electroencephalographic (EEG) Applications, VII. Adjunctive Interventions, and VIII. Professional Conduct.
Applicants may demonstrate their knowledge of human anatomy and physiology by completing a course in human anatomy, human physiology, or human biology provided by a regionally accredited academic institution or a BCIA-approved training program or by successfully completing an Anatomy and Physiology exam covering the organization of the human body and its systems. Applicants must also document practical skills training that includes 20 contact hours supervised by a BCIA-approved mentor designed to them teach how to apply clinical biofeedback skills through self-regulation training, 50 patient/client sessions, and case conference presentations. Distance learning allows applicants to complete didactic course work over the internet. Distance mentoring trains candidates from their residence or office. They must recertify every 4 years, complete 55 hours of continuing education during each review period or complete the written exam, and attest that their license/credential (or their supervisor's license/credential) has not been suspended, investigated, or revoked.
Board certification in neurofeedback (BCN)
The BCIA didactic education requirement includes a 36-hour course from a regionally accredited academic institution or a BCIA-approved training program that covers the complete Neurofeedback Blueprint of Knowledge and study of human anatomy and physiology. The Neurofeedback Blueprint of Knowledge areas include: I. Orientation to EEG Biofeedback, II. Basic Neurophysiology and Neuroanatomy, III. Instrumentation and Electronics, IV. Research, V. Psychopharmacological Considerations, VI. Treatment Planning, and VII. Professional Conduct.
Applicants may demonstrate their knowledge of human anatomy and physiology by completing a course in human anatomy, human physiology, human biology, or neuroanatomy provided by a regionally accredited academic institution or a BCIA-approved training program or by successfully completing an Anatomy and Physiology exam over the organization of the human body and its systems. Applicants must also document practical skills training that includes 25 contact hours supervised by a BCIA-approved mentor designed to teach them how to apply clinical neurofeedback skills through self-regulation training, 100 patient/client sessions, and case conference presentations. They must recertify every 4 years, complete 55 hours of continuing education during each review period or complete the written exam, and attest that their license/credential (or their supervisor's license/credential) has not been suspended, investigated, or revoked.
Board certification in pelvic muscle dysfunction biofeedback (BCB-PMD)
Pelvic Muscle Dysfunction Biofeedback (PMDB) encompasses "elimination disorders and chronic pelvic pain syndromes." The BCIA didactic education requirement includes a 28-hour course from a regionally accredited academic institution or a BCIA-approved training program that covers the complete Pelvic Muscle Dysfunction Biofeedback Blueprint of Knowledge and study of human anatomy and physiology. The Pelvic Muscle Dysfunction Biofeedback areas include: I. Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback, II. Pelvic Floor Anatomy, Assessment, and Clinical Procedures, III. Clinical Disorders: Bladder Dysfunction, IV. Clinical Disorders: Bowel Dysfunction, and V. Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndromes.
Currently, only licensed health care providers may apply for this certification. Applicants must also document practical skills training that includes a 4-hour practicum/personal training session and 12 contact hours spent with a BCIA-approved mentor designed to them teach how to apply clinical biofeedback skills through 30 patient/client sessions and case conference presentations. They must recertify every 3 years, complete 36 hours of continuing education or complete the written exam, and attest that their license/credential has not been suspended, investigated, or revoked.
Academic certification (BCB-A and BCN-A)
Academic Certification is available for biofeedback and neurofeedback. This program is designed for professionals who utilize biofeedback and/or neurofeedback in educational, research, or supervisory settings and who do not clinically treat medical or psychological disorders. Applicants must at least possess a master's degree from a regionally accredited academic institution. They must satisfy the same didactic education requirements and pass the same certification exams as clinicians. They must document 10 contact hours with a BCIA-approved mentor that cover basic instrumentation, sensor placements, and personal self-regulation. They must agree to follow BCIA's Professional Standards and Ethical Principles and applicable governmental and professional rules. Academic Certificants must complete recertification every 4 years like their clinician counterparts.
Board certified biofeedback technician (BCB-T) and board certified neurofeedback technician (BCN-T)
Technician-Level Certification is available for biofeedback and neurofeedback. This program is intended for individuals who use biofeedback and neurofeedback modalities under a supervisor's license when treating a medical or psychological disorder and who lack a clinical degree. They must satisfy the same didactic education requirements and pass the same certification exams as clinicians and academics. They must document 10 contact hours with a BCIA-approved mentor that cover instrumentation, sensor placements, and personal self-regulation, and complete 20 supervised patient sessions. All candidates must agree to abide by BCIA's Professional Standards and Ethical Principles and follow all applicable laws. While they may attach sensors and treat medical/psychological disorders under supervision as allowed by law, their supervisor is responsible for diagnosis, treatment planning, and patient care. Technician-Level Certificants must complete recertification every 4 years like their clinician and academic counterparts. Their continuing education requirements, however, are considerably lower.
Certification by prior experience (CPE)
Certification by Prior Experience (CPE) in general biofeedback, neurofeedback, and pelvic muscle dysfunction biofeedback is intended for individuals who have exceeded BCIA entry-level certification requirements through their lifetime experience in the field. The didactic education and experience standards for CPE are more demanding than those for entry-level certification since this program is designed for leaders in biofeedback and neurofeedback. CPE for Clinicians requires a license/credential for independent practice, 3,000 hours of experience, and 100 hours of continuing education.
International certification
BCIA has certified professionals in 24 countries. BCIA promotes international certification by supporting regionally accredited universities and BCIA-accredited training programs worldwide, encouraging their adoption of its blueprints and core reading lists, and listing these programs on its website. BCIA has also advanced international certification by promoting distance mentoring, providing written and online examinations, offering online continuing education, and partnering with national and regional biofeedback organizations in several countries.
Executive directors
1969 to 2009 - Francine Butler, PhD, CAE, CMP
2007 to 2011 - David L. Stumph, IOM, CAE
References
External links
Association for Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback (AAPB)
Biofeedback Certification International Alliance (BCIA)
Biofeedback Foundation of Europe (BFE)
Institute for Credentialing Excellence (ICE)
International Society for Neurofeedback and Research (ISNR)
Biofeedback
Medical and health organizations based in Colorado
Germany were represented by 74 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Just five days before the start of the Championships, it was announced that marathon runner Falk Cierpinski had to pull out due to injury.
Participants
Results
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Medal count
References
2010
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
European Athletics Championships
A résumé is a summary of a person's employment and education, used when seeking work.
Résumé may also refer to:
Résumé (album), a 2012 album by Eberhard Weber
Resumé (magazine), a Swedish magazine
Résumé, a 1999 album by John Taylor
X Marks the Spot was a British radio quiz and panel game, broadcast on BBC Radio 4 between 1998 and 2006. It could be likened to be a more light-hearted version of Round Britain Quiz. It was presented by the comedian and author Pete McCarthy until their death in October 2004. The writer and broadcaster David Stafford took over the reins from series 7.
Concept
The game consisted of three celebrities identifying four places around the United Kingdom, as well as a supplementary question set in those locations. The four locations join up to form a giant X on the map. Where the two lines cross, a treasure is (metaphorically) hidden. The panel have to identify the treasure using up to four lines of a riddle gained by answering the supplementary questions correctly. Unlike the UK television programme Treasure Hunt, there is no actual buried treasure and the panel do not have to fetch it, merely identify it.
The format, created by John Higgs, encouraged the team of three contestants to co-operate rather than compete against each other, and was designed to encourage the telling of interesting anecdotes and digressions. It was inspired in part by the book Lights out for the Territory by Iain Sinclair, in which the author walks across London and at one point takes a route that marks an 'X' across the ground. Another influence was an interview with Paul Devereux, the editor of The Ley Hunter magazine, a periodical devoted to ley lines and other earth mysteries. Devereux had eventually concluded that most ley lines were nothing more than co-incidence, and commented that it was remarkably easy to draw a line on a map that crossed a number of interesting places.
The questions were written by David J. Bodycombe (and, for one series, treasure hunt author Dan James) and the programme was an independent production by Hewland International for BBC Radio 4.
External links
BBC Radio 4 programmes
British radio game shows
1990s British game shows
2000s British game shows
1998 radio programme debuts
2006 radio programme endings
Radio game shows with incorrect disambiguation
Richard Eddie Shelton (born January 2, 1966) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. They played five seasons for the Denver Broncos and the Pittsburgh Steelers.  They are currently a scout for the Tennessee Titans.
External links
Tennessee Titans bio
1966 births
Living people
Players of American football from Marietta, Georgia
American football cornerbacks
Liberty Flames football players
Denver Broncos players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Montreal Machine players
9rules is a blog network that serves as an online community of blogs and bloggers. In 2006 it took the award for Best Community Site of the Year at SXSWi in Austin, Texas.
9rules is currently made up of over 30 communities divided by topics such as Gaming, Apple, Web Design and Web 2.0. Each member is hand-picked out of thousands that apply to join, their blogs evaluated over an extended period of time with regard to quality. In 2006 it is estimated to have had more than 200 members.
Membership process
From 2005 to 2006 applications were handled in submission rounds, occurring roughly twice a year and giving applicants a 24-hour window to submit their blog. Each member was evaluated and hand-picked by the site staff based on quality of applicants' blogs. The fifth membership round attracted 1,190 new submissions. In 2007 a new application round started but was not limited by the previous 24-hour time limit. 9rules remained open for submissions until April 17, 2007 when the round was officially closed with a public announcement.
In September 2009, 9rules was acquired by Splashpress Media. Since then they have announced the 9th round of submissions.
Membership rounds in 2008
The latest version of the 9rules website now includes pre-announced dates for membership rounds in 2008. The first membership round—Round 6—yielded over 50 new sites however 9rules did not publicize how many blogs submitted.
Site history
Ali
On February 8, 2007, 9rules launched a new version of its site code-named Ali.
Ali2
On October 9, 2007, 9rules launched a new version of its site code-named Ali2 which introduced several new features to their public member forums. This included a visual redesign, social bookmarking system and improved capabilities for user profiles to showcase feeds from external sites such as Flickr, Del.icio.us and Twitter.
Chawlk
On February 22, 2008, it was announced that 9rules would change its approach again. 9rules proper will only feature member content, as it did before Ali, whereas the community will transfer to a new site set up by the owners, called Chawlk.
External links
9rules
Interview with 9rules co-founder Paul "Scrivs" Scrivens
Blog networks
Ashwani Kumar (born 29 August 2001) is an Indian cricketer. They made their first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Punjab in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. They made their List A debut on 8 December 2021, for Punjab in the 2021–22 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of Brazilian television related events from 1963.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Births
6 February - Cláudia Ohana, actor
15 December - Cristiana Oliveira, actor
Deaths
See also
1963 in Brazil
The 2012 Connacht Senior Football Championship was that year's installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Connacht GAA. It was won by Mayo who defeated Sligo in the final. This was Mayo's 43rd Connacht senior title. Mayo were drawn at home with London or Leitrim in their semi-final, while Sligo's route was the harder—playing away to New York and overcoming Galway in their semi-final, only to fall at the final hurdle once again. The winning Mayo team received the J. J. Nestor Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. Sligo entered the All-Ireland Qualifiers but soon exited, with a tame 0-13 - 0-04 defeat by Kildare in their next game. Donegal defeated Connacht champions Mayo in the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final.
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Connacht GAA website
2C
Connacht Senior Football Championship
Onebala semiluna is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Anthonie Johannes Theodorus Janse in 1954. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1954
Onebala
Patriarchus is an extinct genus of Notoungulate, belonging to the suborder Typotheria. It lived during the Early Miocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
It was a small-sized animal, approximately 40 centimeters long, excluding the tail. Its body shape vaguely resembled a rabbit or a marmot, and its head ended in a pointed muzzle. Patriarchus shared many similarities with Protypotherium, with which it is often confused, and differed from it through certain characteristics of its teeth. The first lower incisor and the lower canine were expanded in their terminal part, labially convex and similar in shape and size ; they had a short lingual sulcus, not extending to the base of the teeth and V-shaped in occlusal view. The first lower premolar was bilobed, with a trigonid larger than the thalonid. The inferior dental series between the first incisor and the first premolar was continuous and the teeth did not overlap.
Classification
Patriarchus palmidens was first described in 1889 by Florentino Ameghino based on fossilized remains found in Early Miocene terrains from Rio Bote locality of the Santa Cruz Formation in Argentine Patagonia. Ameghino described several other species belonging to the genus, Patriarchus diastematus, P. furculosus, P. icochiloides, P. leptocephalus and P. rectus, but in 1900 the genus was synonymized with a Protypotherium. In 2019 a cladistic analysis revealed sufficient differences between the type species Patriarchus palmidens and Protypotherium to allow the re-establishment of the genus Patriarchus. According to this study, the genus Patriarchus includes only the type species and is a derived member of the family Interatheriidae, closely related with Miocochilius ; this clade being the sister group of another clade comprising Cochilius and Interatherium.
Bibliography
F. Ameghino. 1889. Contribución al conocimiento de los mamíferos fósiles de la República Argentina [Contribution to the knowledge of the fossil mammals of the Argentine Republic]. Actas de la Academia Nacional de Ciencias de la República Argentina en Córdoba 6:xxxii-1027
Mercedes Fernández; Juan C. Fernicola; Esperanza Cerdeño (2019). "The genus Patriarchus Ameghino, 1889 (Mammalia, Notoungulata, Typotheria), from the Santa Cruz Formation, Santa Cruz Province, Argentina". Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology. in press: e1613416. doi:10.1080/02724634.2019.1613416.
Notoungulates
Miocene mammals of South America
Neogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Fossil taxa described in 1889
Prehistoric placental genera
What's in the Picture is an Australian television panel game show which aired on ABC from 1958 to 1959. Produced and broadcast live in Sydney, it was also shown in Melbourne via telerecordings, a type of recording also known as a kinescope recording. The series was hosted by Harry Dearth, and aired in a half-hour time-slot.
Game play
A panel of celebrities is required to identify people and events from pictures shown on-screen.
Episode status
Although 16mm film prints ("telerecordings") were made of the live broadcasts so the series could be shown in Melbourne, it is not known if any of these still exist.
References
External links
1958 Australian television series debuts
1959 Australian television series endings
1950s Australian game shows
Australian live television series
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Australian panel games
Meeting in Paris (French: Rencontre à Paris) is a 1956 French comedy film directed by Georges Lampin and starring Robert Lamoureux, Betsy Blair and Jacques Castelot.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jacques Colombier.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Parish, James Robert. Film Actors Guide. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
1956 films
1956 comedy films
1950s French-language films
French comedy films
Films directed by Georges Lampin
Films set in Paris
1950s French films
William Addison Phillips (January 14, 1824 – November 30, 1893) was a journalist, soldier, and U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Paisley, Scotland, Phillips attended the common schools of Paisley.
They immigrated to the United States in 1838 with their parents, who settled in Randolph County, Illinois.
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
They were employed as a newspaper correspondent 1845–1862.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1855 and commenced practice in Lawrence, Kansas, working also as a correspondent for the New York Tribune.
They were first justice of the Kansas Supreme Court under the Leavenworth Constitution.
In 1858, they settled and founded the city of Salina, Kansas with a wagon circle against constant threat by hostile tribes.
During the American Civil War, though offered a large sum to be a correspondent at the front, they entered the Union Army as a volunteer, and raised some of the first troops in Kansas in 1861.
They were a major in the 1st Indian Home Guard. They were promoted to colonel and served as commander of the Cherokee Indian Regiment in the 3rd Indian Home Guard.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Cherokee County in 1865.
They served in the state House of Representatives in 1865.
They were elected as a Republican to the Forty-third, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1879).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1878.
After leaving Congress, they were attorney for the Cherokee Indians at Washington, D.C.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for election to Congress in 1890.
They died at Fort Gibson, Muskogee County, Indian Territory (now Oklahoma), November 30, 1893.
They were interred in Gypsum Hill Cemetery, Salina, Kansas.
The city of Phillipsburg, Kansas was named in honor William A. Phillips.
References
Bibliography
Kansas cyclopedia
External links
1824 births
1893 deaths
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
People from Salina, Kansas
People from Paisley, Renfrewshire
People of Kansas in the American Civil War
Union Army colonels
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
American city founders
Thomas Littleton Powys, 4th Baron Lilford (18 March 1833 – 17 June 1896), was a British aristocrat and ornithologist.
Life
Lilford was the eldest son of Thomas Powys, 3rd Baron Lilford, and Mary Elizabeth Fox, daughter of Henry Vassall-Fox, 3rd Baron Holland. They were born in Stanhope Street, Mayfair, London, on 18 March 1833.
They succeeded their father as fourth Baron in 1861. Lilford was one of the eight founders of the British Ornithologists' Union in 1858 and its president from 1867 until their death. They were also the first President of the Northamptonshire Natural History Society.
Lilford travelled widely, especially around the Mediterranean and their extensive collection of birds was maintained in the grounds of Lilford Hall, their second residence was Bank Hall in Bretherton, Lancashire, which they inherited from their father (3rd Baron Lilford), who inherited it from George Anthony Legh Keck. They inherited the Holland Estates from their mother's family.
Until 1891, their aviaries featured birds from around the globe, including rheas, kiwis, Pink-headed ducks and a pair of free-flying Bearded vultures.
They were responsible for the introduction of the Little owl into England in the 1880s.
They wrote about birds including Notes on the Birds of Northamptonshire and Neighbourhood (1895) and Coloured Figures of the Birds of the British Islands, which was completed by Osbert Salvin after their death.
A species of European lizard, Podarcis lilfordi, is named in their honor.
Family
Lord Lilford married, firstly, Emma Elizabeth Brandling, daughter of Robert William Brandling, in 1859. After their death in 1884 they married, Clementina Georgina, daughter of Ker Baillie-Hamilton, in 1885.
They died in June 1896, aged 63, and was succeeded in the barony by their eldest son from their first marriage, John.
Lady Lilford died in 1929.
A metal plaque commemorating a "Cedar of Atlantica" planted by Lady Lilford in 1897, was found in 2005 and is displayed in the visitor centre at Bank Hall.
Bibliography
(in 7 volumes, 1885–1897)
Notes
References
Sources
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
1833 births
1896 deaths
British ornithologists
Fellows of the Zoological Society of London
Thomas 4
Presidents of the British Ornithologists' Union
Aphanolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Anonchus Cobb, 1913
Aphanolaimus de Man, 1880
Aphanonchus Coomans & Raski, 1991
Paraphanolaimus Micoletzky, 1922
References
Nematodes
Associazione Calcio Dilettante Cervia 1920 (formerly known also as Cervia Vodafone) is an Italian football club located in Cervia, Emilia-Romagna. Their colors are blue and yellow.
The team is known in Italy for having been the subject of a reality show on football, named Campioni, il Sogno and broadcast by national channel Italia 1, for their 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 campaigns. The team, who won Eccellenza in 2004-2005 and unsuccessfully played the promotion playoff the following season, was coached by former Italian international and 1982 World Champion Francesco Graziani during this time. Cervia also played in the 2006-2007 Coppa Italia, being defeated 6–0 at the first round by Serie A team Ascoli. Following the closure of the reality show, Cervia did not manage to save from relegation in their second Serie D campaign, and were relegated at the end of the season. They will play Eccellenza in 2007–08.
References
Association football clubs established in 1920
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
1920 establishments in Italy
Roland Varga (born August 6, 1990) is a Canadian canoeist. Varga immigrated with their family to Canada when they were 15. Varga currently resides in Aurora, Ontario.
Career
Varga has competed as part of the national team since 2009. Their first multi-sport games was the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara where they were disqualified in the C-1 1000 events. In 2012 along with partner, Paul Bryant, competed on the World Cup Circuit, with their top placing being a C-2 500m silver in 2013. Also in 2013, Varga competed in both the U23 and senior ICF World Championships. At the former, they finished fourth in the C-2 1000m with Marc Tarling. At the latter, Varga and Bryant won the B final in the C-2 500m.
In 2014, Varga raced with Gabriel Beauchesne-Sévigny during the World Cup calendar, and made the A Final in three of four races. In 2015, Varga had a decided to stop paddling, after they had a disappointing national trials. However, seven months later Varga decided to come back after their hiatus.
In 2016, Varga continued on the World Cup team and with Bryant advanced to A final in all three races, finishing as high as fourth place. In 2018, Varga formed a C-2 boat with Connor Fitzpatrick. They won the C-2 1000m B final in their first World Cup event in Szeged, Hungary and the following week they advanced to the A final. At the World Championships, they placed sixth in the B final of the C-2 1000m.
In 2019, Varga and Fitzpatrick broke the National record at the 2019 World Championships in the C-2 1000m to 3:28.742 in semifinals before finishing second in the B final (11th overall). In May 2021, Varga along with Fitzpatrick were named to their first Olympic team in the C-2 1000 events.
References
1990 births
Canadian male canoeists
Living people
Sportspeople from Budapest
Canoeists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Hungarian emigrants to Canada
Sportspeople from Aurora, Ontario
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of Canada
Pleuratus I (Ancient Greek: Πλευρᾶτος; ruled 356335 ) was an Illyrian king of the Illyrian tribe of the Taulantii. Pleuratus was the father of Glaucias. Philip II won a fierce battle with them in 344 BC although Philip sustained a wound during their pursuit of Pleuratus.
Military activities
In 344 BC, Philip II had inherited from their father a quarrel with the Illyrians and found no means of reconciling their disagreement. Philip therefore invaded the Taulantii State with a large force, devastated the countryside, captured many cities and towns and returned to Macedonia laden with booty. After Philip's reduction of the Grabaei, Pleuratus, in a losing effort, tried to thwart Philip's advances in Illyria and succeeded in wounding one hundred and fifty of their elite corps and Hippostratus the son of Amyntas, in their pursuit of Pleuratus. Philip themselves was wounded and lost part of their close group of friends, the hetairoi, contenting themselves with the possession of the eastern Illyrian province of Dassaretia. Philip's advances into the Taulantii State ceased by coming to peace terms with Pleurtaus.
After this conflict the Taulantii State of Pleuratus was limited only to the lands along the Adriatic. However, this state continued an anti-Macedonian policy down to 335 BC when Glaucias and Cleitus rebelled against Alexander the Great.
See also
List of rulers of Illyria
References
Illyrian royalty
4th-century BC rulers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh is an American 2D animated television series produced by DreamWorks Animation and animated by Titmouse, which debuted on July 29, 2016, as a Netflix original series. It was developed by Ryan Crego and Thurop Van Orman, the latter of whom is the creator of Cartoon Network's The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack. The series is based on the 2015 DreamWorks animated film Home, which in turn was based on the 2007 novel The True Meaning of Smekday by Adam Rex. With the exception of Matt Jones, who returned as the voice of Kyle, none of the original cast reprised their roles (For example, Jim Parsons's role for Oh was overtaken by Mark Whitten.)
The second season was released on January 27, 2017.
A holiday special called Home for the Holidays was released on December 1, 2017. The fourth and final season was released on July 20, 2018.
The series began airing on Universal Kids in March 2019 until it got taken off in 2021, and again on March 1, 2022.
Plot
The animated series takes place after the events of the film Home, in the setting of Earth's newly combined human and alien culture. The title characters, a fearless human girl (Tip) and an overenthusiastic alien Boov (Oh), build upon their established friendship and find adventure while navigating the crazily combined world they now share.
The series includes pop songs performed by artist Rachel Crow as Tip.
Episodes
A 1-hour Christmas special called Home: For the Holidays was released on December 1, 2017.
Cast
Main
Rachel Crow as Tip Tucci
Mark Whitten as Oh Tucci, Garfeldt
Ana Ortiz as Lucy Tucci
Ryan Crego as Pig
Matt Jones as Kyle
Nolan North as Smek, Donny
Ron Funches as Sharzod
Kelly Donohue as Pom Pom Pappernacky
Nika Futterman as Slushious
Guest cast
Cheri Oteri as Pauline
Abby Elliott as Chelsea
Eric Edelstein as Max
Jon Heder as Julio, the assistant store manager
Cristela Alonzo as Linda Tucci, Lucy's sister
Wayne Knight as Boovius
Beth Behrs as Moochie
Atticus Shaffer as Fox
Marcus Scribner as Smudge
Cher as Chercophonie
Casey Zwicker as Elrod
Melany Ochoa as Young Lucy
Ashlyn Faith Williams as Young Linda
Jack McBrayer as Byool. Wowsers
Dayci Brookshire as Apple
Michael Johnston as Keanu
Cheryl Hines as Agnes
Margaret Cho as Georgia
Oscar Nuñez as Milton
Dawnn Lewis as Bobe
Reid Scott as Shawn/Hodag
Dove Cameron as Bonnie
Da'Vine Joy Randolph as Crushtina
References
External links
at DreamWorks TV
at Netflix
2010s American animated television series
2010s American black cartoons
2010s American comic science fiction television series
2016 American television series debuts
American sequel television series
2018 American television series endings
American children's animated comic science fiction television series
American children's animated musical television series
American flash animated television series
Television series created by Thurop Van Orman
Television series by DreamWorks Animation
Television series by Universal Television
Animated television shows based on films
Television series based on adaptations
Television series set in the future
Netflix children's programming
Animated television series about teenagers
Animated television series about cats
Animated television series about extraterrestrial life
English-language television shows
Sa'ib Khathir (died 683) was an influential Persian musician in the early days of the Umayyad Caliphate (661–750). A freedman (mawla), Sa'ib was responsible for introducing music to Medina. They were killed during the Battle of al-Harra.
References
Sources
Year of birth unknown
683 deaths
7th-century Iranian people
Iranian musicians
7th-century Umayyad people
Acrocercops cyphostacta is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Indonesia (Java).
Original description
Wingspan 6 mm. Head white. Palpi smooth, white, with dark fuscous rings at apex of second joint and above middle of terminal. Thorax white, shoulders with a brown spot. Abdomen greyish, beneath white, sides with oblique dark fuscous marks. Forewings very narrow, moderately pointed, acute; ochreous-brown; four white fasciae slightly sprinkled with black specks and edged with black irroration, first at 1/3, moderate, oblique, rather curved, connected with base by a fine white dorsal streak, second beyond middle, narrower, rather oblique, third at 3 /4, narrow, expanded on costa, interrupted in middle with black irroration to form two small spots, fourth praeapical, slender, partially interrupted by black scales: cilia whitish-grey, round apex whitish with blackish subbasal line. Hindwings grey; cilia light grey. Java, Pekalongan (van Deventer); one specimen. Nearest to Acrocercops orthostatic.
References
cyphostacta
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1921
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kiowa County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kiowa County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Kiowa County
Eschborn–Frankfurt, previously Rund um den Henninger Turm Frankfurt, is an annual semi classic cycling race in Germany, starting in Eschborn and finishing in Frankfurt. The event, sometimes referred to as the Frankfurt Grand Prix, is held annually on 1 May, national Labour Day in Germany.
As from 2017, Eschborn–Frankfurt is part of the UCI World Tour, the highest-rated professional men's road races, making it the second German World Tour event, together with the Hamburg Cyclassics in August. The event is organised by ASO.
History
The event was first held on 1 May, 1962, as Rund um den Henninger Turm Frankfurt, starting and finishing in Frankfurt's city centre. Brothers Hermann and Erwin Moos sought to promote the Henninger Tower, a grain silo belonging to the Henninger Brewery, which opened in 1961. Henninger served as main sponsor of the cycling event from the inaugural race until 2008. Rund um den Henninger Turm received a status upgrade in 1967 when Paris–Brussels, organised in late April, was removed from the calendar due to traffic problems and the event became the pre-eminent one-day cycling race in West Germany.
The race's first winner was Belgian Armand Desmet in 1962. Barry Hoban became the first British winner in 1966 after a 50 km solo ride to the finish, holding the chasing pack at one minute. Legendary cyclist Eddy Merckx won the race solo in 1971. Sprinter Erik Zabel held the record for most victories in the race with three (1999, 2002 and 2005) until Alexander Kristoff in 2018 added a fourth victory to their 2014, 2016 and 2017 wins, and therefore becoming sole record-holder. Seven further riders have won twice.
In 1995, Rund um den Henninger Turm was part of the UCI Road World Cup, cycling's season-long competition of the most important one-day races in the 1990s. The fixed date of the event however, every 1 May, was considered unfavourable as it was often midweek, and it was replaced with the newly created HEW Cyclassics in Hamburg as the German leg of the series.
In 2008, organiser Bernd Moos stated Henninger would withdraw its sponsorship of the race. Henninger discontinued its funding after 46 years because of economic conditions. The event continued in 2009 as the Eschborn–Frankfurt City Loop, named after its city sponsors, Frankfurt and the neighboring town of Eschborn, which also became the start location of the race. The iconic Henninger Tower was demolished in 2013.
The 2015 event was cancelled on the eve of the race due to a suspected terrorist plot; the 2020 edition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2017, Eschborn–Frankfurt was included in the UCI World Tour, cycling's highest rated professional events, and organisation was taken on by ASO, which also organises cycling's flagships, the Tour de France and Paris–Roubaix.
Route
The race passes through the Taunus Hills west of Frankfurt, along a winding and hilly course with around 1500m (5,000 feet) of climbing. The climbs of the Feldberg, Ruppershain and Mammolshain are some of the regular features. The Mammolshain has a maximal gradient of 26% and is climbed twice in the race. The race ends with three laps of 4,5 km in the centre of Frankfurt, covering a total distance of around over .
Until 2008 the start and finish of the race was on Hainer Weg and later Darmstädter Landstraße, in front of the Henninger Tower.
Since the event's restyling in 2009, the race starts in Eschborn, west of Frankfurt – the finish was at the housing development Riedberg. Since 2010, the finish is in front of the Alte Oper (Old Opera), Frankfurt's concert hall and former opera house in the city centre.
Race winners
References
UCI World Tour races
Cycle races in Germany
Rund um den Henninger-Turm
Sports competitions in Frankfurt
Recurring sporting events established in 1962
1962 establishments in West Germany
UCI Europe Tour races
UCI Road World Cup races
Taunus
Super Prestige Pernod races
Inline speed skating competitions
Relict Lake is a small lake lying southeast of Pendulum Cove on Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands. So named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1957 because when Lieutenant E.N. Kendall made their survey of Deception Island in January–March 1829, Pendulum Cove extended inland to this lake, which has since been cut off from the sea.
Geography of Deception Island
Lakes of the South Shetland Islands
Point Retreat () is a point at the east extremity of the Kar Plateau, in Granite Harbour, Victoria Land. It was named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13.
Headlands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Point Rae () is a point marking the northeast side of the entrance to Scotia Bay on the south coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands. It was charted in 1903 by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under Bruce, who named it for John Rae, Scottish Arctic explorer and member of the Sir John Richardson expedition of 1854, which discovered the fate of the Sir John Franklin Arctic expedition of 1847.
Rae, Point
Phoebe Ellen Ceresia (born April 1, 1967) (known professionally as Phoebe Augustine) is an American actor best known for playing Ronette Pulaski in Twin Peaks.
Career
They portrayed Laura Palmer's friend Ronette Pulaski in several episodes of the original 1990 series Twin Peaks. The pilot episode featured a scene of their walking across train tracks. The image was used widely for promotional and marketing purposes, including on the VHS cover of the original Pilot, which was released as a movie in Europe, and became iconic in pop culture. They reprised their role in the 1992 prequel movie Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me.
Other roles include the movie Plain Clothes (1987) and two notable short-lived sitcoms from the early 90s: The Elvira Show and Frannie's Turn. Around the same time, they also appeared in the TV movie Black Widow Murders: The Blanche Taylor Moore Story. They were a musician/singer in the band "Cling".
After a break of many years, they returned to acting in 2017, working again with David Lynch on the Twin Peaks revival, Twin Peaks: The Return, playing "American Girl" in Part 3, a mysterious entity that may or may not be related to their previous role as Ronette.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
American film actores
American television actores
1967 births
21st-century American women
Craig Anthony Tracy (born May 22, 1967) is an American bodypainting artist and television personality based in New Orleans, Louisiana.  They are widely known as the expert judge and the producer of Skin Wars, a bodypainting reality competition which aired on the Game Show Network between 2014 and 2016. Tracy is the founder of the Craig Tracy Gallery, previously known as PaintedAlive Gallery, in the French Quarter of New Orleans. Tracy is also the recipient of the World Award in the airbrush category at the World Bodypainting Festival in 2005.
Biography
Tracy was born in 1967 in New Orleans, Louisiana. They started painting at the age of 15 when they received their first airbrush from their parents. Tracy attended The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale where they graduated in 1987. After graduating, Tracy started their professional career as a freelance illustrator creating industrial and commercial imagery. They retired from illustrating in 1993 and began focusing on the art of bodypainting.
In the mid-2000s, Tracy exhibited their artworks in The Nature Series, their first series of bodypainting images. The series received positive reviews from several art critics and led them to travel to Europe to work with other professional bodypainters. In 2005, Tracy exhibited their bodypainting artworks at the World Bodypainting Festival, the biggest annual event in bodypainting culture, in Klagenfurt, Austria. They were named a 2005 World Bodypainting Champion in the airbrush category.
In February 2006, Tracy established the PaintedAlive Gallery, the first gallery in the world dedicated to the fine art of bodypainting. In 2009, the gallery was renamed to the Craig Tracy Gallery to better clarify that it houses and sells their personal works. It is located in the French Quarter of New Orleans.
Tracy has also served as the judge, producer and the Bodypainting Guru of Skin Wars since it began airing in 2014. In three seasons of the network reality television competition series, Tracy worked alongside RuPaul, Robin Barcus Slonina and the host Rebecca Romjin. They have also judged the U.S. bodypainting competition Living Art America and helped organize the New York Bodypainting day. Their work has been commissioned for numerous companies including the New Orleans Saints, Fiat and Coca-Cola. Additionally, they and their work have been featured books including Ripley's Believe It or Not!: Strikingly True, The Human Canvas: The World's Best Bodypaintings as well as their self-authored Painted Alive: The Fine Art of Bodypainting.
Art
Tracy's artworks relates to techniques of combining traditional paintbrushing and finger-painting with modern airbrushing. The majority of their art is the result of the combination of bodypainting and imagery with minimal digital influences. Their compositions are inspired by a specific body shape combined with cultural and natural influences. Many of Tracy's artworks includes manual creation of backdrop which complements the required visual. An amalgamation of the bodypainting and the backdrop are photographed simultaneously in order to minimize the need of intertwining the artwork. In an interview, Tracy suggested that the artists like Norman Rockwell, M.C. Escher, Boris Vallejo, Chuck Close, Robert Mapplethrope, H.R. Giger and Gottfried Helnwein have been an inspiration to their artworks. Tracy's work represents surreal moment captured in the artwork which makes the viewers question the visual reality.
References
External links
Official website
Body painting
People from New Orleans
Artists from New Orleans
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
1967 births
Living people
Martin Kabwelulu Labilo is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 They are a member of the Parti Lumumbiste Unifié (PALU).
They were appointed Minister of Mines on 5 February 2007 in the government led by Antoine Gizenga, and retained this post through the reshuffle of 25 November 2007.
Martin Kabwelulu Labilo was named Minister of Mines by President Joseph Kabila in the government headed by Antoine Gizenga in February 2007 one of four members of Gizenga's Unified Lumumbist Party (PALU) to be named to the cabinet.
In February 2011 Kabwelulu was in talks with South African banks, seeking $150 million to revive the state-owned diamond miner, MIBA, which had been closed since November 2008. MIBA is 20% owned by Mwana Africa.
Kabwelulu said that since the closure almost all diamond production had been from informal, artisanal workings.
In May 2011 Kabwelulu, who was also serving as acting Minister of Transport, announced a $600 million 5-year plan to rehabilitate of railway track in the mining areas of the southeast DRC. The project was funded by the World Bank and the DRC government. An agreement on minerals-for-infrastructure signed with China in 2009 would cover $200 million of the cost.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) was asked in July 2010 to develop guidelines under the Dodd-Frank Act over dealing in minerals from the DRC. The purpose was to ensure that the money from mineral sales was not being used to fund armed groups.
In July 2011, a month before the rules were due to come into effect, Kabwelulu wrote to the SEC asking them to prevent the rules from becoming a "de facto embargo". They urged the SEC to follow United Nations and OECD recommendations that "define due diligence as a continuous process, proactive and reactive, by which companies take reasonable measures in good faith to identify and respond to risks that contribute to conflict".
In May 2010 the DRC Supreme Court decided that the Canadian firm First Quantum Minerals had illegally obtained the rights to its Frontier and Lonshi mines, previously owned by Sodimico.
In August 2011 it was reported that Sodimico had sold its 30% share in the two mines for $30 million.
The estimated value of the mines was over $1.6 billion.
When contacted later that month, Kabwelulu at first denied that any sale had been carried out.
The Sodimico CEO Laurent Lambert Tshisola Kangoa refused to discuss the matter with reporters from Reuters.
The next day it was reported that Kabwelulu had in fact ordered the sale of Sodimico's 30% stake in the Frontier and Lonshi mines to Fortune Ahead, a shell company registered in Hong Kong that already owned the other 70% of Sodifor, the holding company for the properties. Sodimico was transferring some of the proceeds to a fund to be used in the forthcoming elections.
See also
Joseph Kabila
Mining industry in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Gécamines
References
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Unified Lumumbist Party politicians
Living people
Mining in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
The Adventures of Nero or Nero was a Belgian comic strip drawn by Marc Sleen and the name of its main character. The original title ranged from De Avonturen van Detectief Van Zwam in 1947 to De Avonturen van Nero en zijn Hoed in 1950, and finally De Avonturen van Nero & Co from 1951. It ran in continuous syndication until 2002. From 1947 until 1993 it was all drawn by Sleen himself. From 1992 until 2002 Dirk Stallaert took over the drawing while Sleen kept inventing the stories.
Together with Suske en Wiske and Jommeke, "Nero" is regarded as the Big Three of Flemish comics. The stories were noted for their satirical content, with references to politicians and celebrities of the day. With Nero, Marc Sleen holds the world record of issues of a comic book series title drawn by the same author. They drew The Adventures of Nero singlehandedly from 1947 to 1992 without any assistance from other artists. This feat is even more remarkable considering they also drew other comic strip series from 1947 to 1965.
History
The series debuted in the newspaper De Nieuwe Gids in the autumn of 1947 and was written and drawn by Marc Sleen from the start. Originally the central character was Detective Van Zwam, but halfway through the first story Het Geheim van Matsuoka ("The Secret of Matsuoka") (1947), Van Zwam meets a man who has drunk from a serum that makes people go insane and thinks they are the Roman emperor Nero. The character was also dressed in a toga with some laurel leaves behind their ears. Near the end of the story the character regained their senses and revealed their real name was "Schoonpaard" (in reprints this was changed to "Heiremans", in both cases inside joke references to colleagues of Sleen). The character proved popular and remained a friend of Van Zwam in the next stories, though everyone kept referring to them as "Nero" rather than by their real name. After nine stories, the series was renamed after "Nero" and Van Zwam became a side character instead.
In 1950 Sleen left De Nieuwe Gids and joined the newspaper Het Volk. During the 1940s, 1950s and 1960 The Adventures of Nero was popular enough to rival Willy Vandersteen's Suske en Wiske which was published in De Standaard. In 1965 Sleen joined De Standaard too, following a legal dispute with their publishers. The first 53 "Nero" stories, which were published in black-and-white, remained property of Uitgeverij Het Volk. From Het Bobobeeldje ("The Bobo Statue") (1965) on all new Nero stories were published in De Standaard and Het Nieuwsblad, after which they were released as colour albums.
Sleen continued drawing Nero for many decades. Only in 1992 did they finally hire an assistant, Dirk Stallaert, to do the drawing for him, because their eyesight had become too poor. Stallaert was promoted as Sleen's successor but in 2002 they decided to leave the series in favour of work at Vandersteen's studio. Sleen then terminated the series for good. Stallaert still draws "Nero"-related publicity images and merchandise.
The early stories had a random length, often around 240 strips, while the latter ones (from 1965 on) had a length of 32 pages of 4 strips each. Every day, two strips appeared in the newspaper.
Concept
The Adventures of Nero is a humorous adventure comic strip about Nero, an unemployed man who describes themselves as "newspaper appearance" and prefers reading their newspaper on their sofa. They and their wife, named "Madam Nero" ("Madam Nero") by everyone, have one son, Adhemar, who is a child prodigy. Nero has an eccentric group of friends, who often help them out or force them to set out on an adventure. Many stories display a love for nature and the animal world, which mirrors the creator's own frequent safari trips. Since the album Het Groene Vuur ("The Green Fire") (1965) nearly all "Nero" albums end with a traditional waffle feast, where Madam Nero and Madam Pheip bake waffles for the entire cast.
With two strips published a day, six days a week, the comic strip followed daily news events quite closely and often made references to real life news events. In the story De IJzeren Kolonel ("The Iron Colonel") (1956), for instance, the then-current Suez Crisis and Hungarian Uprising are incorporated into the plot. The series also had cameos by several Belgian and internationally famous politicians, such as Paul-Henri Spaak, Achiel Van Acker, Paul Vanden Boeynants, Wilfried Martens, Jean-Pierre Van Rossem, Jean-Luc Dehaene, Jozef Stalin, Mobutu, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Hirohito, Fidel Castro, Richard Nixon, Idi Amin, Khomeini , Margaret Thatcher and Saddam Hussein. Media celebrities, such as The Beatles, Pablo Escobar, Urbanus, Paul Newman and Frank Zappa were also frequently caricatured. Sleen also gave themselves cameos in several stories. Very exceptional was the fact that all these jokes about past politics were not removed when the newspaper episodes were published in album format. This is the major reason why "Nero" provides readers with an overview of almost 60 years of post-war history in Belgium.
Since Sleen worked without assistance for the majority of their career, they kept their drawing style simple and efficient. They had no time for elaborate detailed drawings and as a result many of their stories are filled to the brim with continuity errors or off-model drawing mistakes. Contrary to other comics, many readers accept this as part of "Nero"'s charm. Only when Dirk Stallaert took over the drawings did the art work become more technically detailed, with more attention towards space and perspective.
Main characters
During its 55-year course, a lot of regular characters joined the original duo of Nero and Van Zwam.
Nero is the main protagonist. Essentially good-hearted, they can also be a selfish, lazy man, who does not know how to keep their money and always gets themselves into trouble. Nero is one of the very few anti-heroes to lead a comic strip.
Their wife (often called Madam Nero or, in some stories, Bea) stays mainly at home and tries to keep a semblance of a household while their husband is off to some far-flung corner of the Earth. If needs be, they know how to defend herself.
Detective Van Zwam is a private detective. Driving a Porsche 911 (which seems to crash at least once every comic), they are always at the scene of a crime extremely quickly, and can make the most brilliant deductions out of the smallest clues (often a cigarette stub).
Adhemar is Nero's son.  They are a child prodigy.  They are only a few years old, but has received numerous Nobel prizes and Ph.D.s. Their major hobby is building rockets, called Adhemar I, II, ... They also tend to crash somewhere in every story, but are a major means to get to the exotic countries where the stories often take place.
Meneer Pheip is the bourgeois friend of Nero. In initial albums it appears they can only speak a broken, French-sounding kind of Flemish due to their French-speaking background. Later, they are portrayed as an old-fashioned Flemish nouveau riche, who thinks it is fitting that they speak some poor kind of French instead of Dutch (a reference to the language battle between the Flemish and the French-speaking communities).
Madam Pheip is their wife.  They are a pipe-smoking bully, loyal to their kids, herself, their husband, and their friends (in that order). When necessary, they can make a smoke curtain with their pipe.
Petatje is the adopted daughter of the Pheips. Them father and mother died when they were very young. Initially, they were adopted by Nero, but soon got to live with the Pheips. Them name, "Petatje", is a reference to the Flemish word for potato being "patat" (in dialect pronounced as "petat").
Petoetje is their adopted son.  They are actually the son of a Papuan king, and is extremely bright. Petoetje and Petatje are treated like children (which they are, around 10 years old) by their step-parents, even though they act more maturely most of the time.
Clo-Clo is the younger son of the Pheips. Their main characteristic is wearing a large moustache, despite being a toddler. They weep for the smallest reason.
Abraham Tuizentfloot is "the last pirate still alive", or so they believe. Armed with a dagger or sometimes a cannon, they are very easily irritated and chases everyone around. They can pop up in a story at any given time and it can never be predicted what they might do next. Their name is a conflation of "duizendpoot" (jack of all trades) and "vloot" (fleet).
Captain Oliepul is the captain of a tugboat named 'His Majesty's Pull'.  They are a good friend of Nero, and has saved them many times. He's Marc Sleen's "deus ex machina": whenever characters seem to be drowning, at the very last moment captain Oliepul coincidentally passes by and saves them just in time.
Jan Spier is an extremely strong man, who is said to be the last descendant of Jan Breydel. Their last name means "muscle" in Dutch. They make a living selling French fries or chips. They disappeared for many years in the middle part of the series, but readers convinced Sleen to let Jan Spier reappear. During the run of the series, they were married to at least two different women, Minoetje and Isabella. No divorce was ever mentioned or other explanation given.
Officer Gaston was the last character to become a regular in the comic, and appeared very late, in 1995, twenty years after the birth of Clo-Clo (at that point the last regular to be added to the cast). Gaston is fat, not too bright, and at times incredibly incompetent. However, somehow they have managed to save Nero a few times.
Nero's worst enemies are the Maltese (see: "De Spekschieter") bandit Ricardo and a devil called Geraard de Duivel ("Gerard the Devil", named after the medieval building, Geeraard de Duivelsteen, in Ghent).
Popularity and influence
During its heyday Nero was the second most popular Flemish comic strip, after Suske en Wiske. The albums sold well, also because they were a lot cheaper than their main rival. From the late 1940s until the early 1960s all the stories were published on cheap paper and often smelt of fresh ink. During the 1960s Jef Nys' Jommeke overshadowed Nero'''s sales among children.
Attempts have been made to translate Nero to the Dutch, British, French, German and South African market. Except for in Wallonia and the Netherlands, the translated versions of Nero never caught on. Sleen has very rarely used their characters for merchandising or other commercializations.Nero was very influential for the development of comics in Flanders. Its loose drawing style and story lines replete with folly were an inspiration for Urbanus, Biebel, Cowboy Henk, among others. Dutch artists like Martin Lodewijk (Agent 327) and René Windig and Eric De Jong ("Heinz") are also notable fans.
In popular culture
The Flemish comics prize Bronzen Adhemar is named and sculpted after the character Adhemar. In Turnhout, where the award ceremony is traditionally held, a huge statue of Adhemar can be seen in the Warande park since June 15, 1991. It was created by Frank-Ivo Van Damme.
Several characters from the series also have their own statues. Nero has a bronze statue in Hoeilaart, sculpted by Luc Cauwenberghs, which was erected in 1994 in front of the old tram station. In the series this building is Nero's house since the story De Verschrikkelijke Tweeling ("The Horrible Twin") (1992). The station has been redecorated as a "Nero"-themed café. Nero has another statue in front of the casino in Middelkerke. Meneer Pheip has a statue in the Statiestraat in Moerbeke-Waas, the village of which they supposedly are the major. It was sculpted by Guy Du Cheyne on August 24, 2012. In the Dorpsstraat in Wuustwezel sculptor Gilbert Uitdenhouwen made a statue of Abraham Tuizentfloot, which was revealed in 2000.
The organisation "Nero-Harmonie" in Hoeilaart and a mountain bike route have been named after "Nero".
In 1984 composer Johan De Smet, conductor Vincent D'Hondt and director Arne Sierens chose upon the "Nero" story Het Rattenkasteel ("The Rats' Castle") (1947) for an opera adaptation. It premiered as Het Rattenkasteel.
The entire cast of the series was sculpted on a bas-relief in Sint-Niklaas, made by sculptor Paul Dekker in 1988 to commemorate Marc Sleen's appointment as an honorary citizen of the city.
In the Belgian Comic Strip Center in Brussels the permanent exhibition pays homage to the pioneers of Belgian comics, among them Marc Sleen. In the room dedicated to their work everything is designed to look like Nero's cosy home, complete with a tower of Belgian waffles and champagne nearby.
Nero is among the many Belgian comics characters to have, facetiously, a Brussels street named after them. The Rue de la Fourche/ Greepstraat has a commemorative plaque with the name Rue Néron/ Nerostraat placed under the actual street sign.
In 1995 a wall was dedicated to "Nero" at the Sint-Goriksplein/Place Saint-Géry in Brussels, where it is part of the Brussels' Comic Book Route. Between 1996 and 2011 Hasselt also had a wall. In 2014 a wall was dedicated to "Nero" in the Kloosterstraat in Antwerp, depicting a scene from the album "De Oliespuiter" ("The Oil Injector"). depicting Nero, Petoetje and Petatje.
The Marc Sleen Museum in the Zandstraat in Brussels is dedicated to Sleen and their creations. It was opened in 2009. The museum organizes a special tourists' route in Brussels, based on several locations that appeared in "Nero" comic book albums, including the Black Tower, Palais de Justice, Kapellekerk, The Sablon, Brussels Central Station, the Grand Place and Manneken Pis. One has to make an appointment, though.
Nero, the dog of the character Carmen Waterslaeghers in the successful Flemish TV sitcom FC De Kampioenen'', was named after Nero. In one of the episodes Carmen is thinking of a name for their dog and coincidentally sees the daily "Nero" comic in the newspaper.
References
Sources
Nero dossier European Comics on the Web
External links
Belgian comics titles
Belgian comic strips
1947 comics debuts
2002 comics endings
Humor comics
Adventure comics
Satirical comics
Belgian political satire
Comics about politics
Metafictional comics
Adult comics
Comics about animals
Surreal comedy
Comics by Marc Sleen
Comics set in the 1940s
Comics set in the 1950s
Comics set in the 1960s
Comics set in the 1970s
Comics set in the 1980s
Comics set in the 1990s
Comics set in the 2000s
Comics spin-offs
Comics adapted into operas
Works set in Flanders
Comics set in Belgium
The War Lord is a 1965 American drama historical film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and starring Charlton Heston. The film, which concerns medieval warfare and culture in 11th-century Normandy, is an adaptation of the play The Lovers by Leslie Stevens. The film also features Richard Boone, Rosemary Forsyth, Guy Stockwell, Maurice Evans, Niall MacGinnis, Henry Wilcoxon and James Farentino, with Jon Alderson, Allen Jaffe, Sammy Ross, and Woodrow Parfrey.
Plot
Chrysagon de la Cruex (Heston) is a Norman knight charged with defending a Flemish village. At the heart of the story is a doomed romance, which defies the social norms and sparks a growing confrontation with Chrysagon's brother, Draco (Stockwell).
Chrysagon encounters Bronwyn (Forsyth), their future love, as they are harassed by their own men. Gradually they find themselves falling for the girl they have rescued. Bronwyn's father, the village chief, Odins, later asks Chrysagon's permission for Bronwyn to marry Marc, to whom Bronwyn has been betrothed since childhood. Chrysagon approves, but soon regrets the decision. They want Bronwyn for himself.
They later learns of "Droit du seigneur", a right which permits the Lord of the Domain to sleep with any virgin woman on their wedding night. But custom demands Bronwyn be given up by dawn. The following day, Bronwyn is not returned and Marc demands justice. What the village does not realize is that they have chosen to stay of their own free will. All of this takes place against the background of war against Frisian raiders who plague the Flemish coast.
Soundtrack
The film's score was composed by Jerome Moross. The main musical theme was released as a guitar instrumental by The Shadows. A soundtrack album was released by Decca Records in 1965.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 67% based on reviews from 9 critics.
Critics largely lauded its "gritty" realistic portrayal of the times, both in physical aspects, such as armor and weapons, structures and scenes, but also in its portrayal of social circumstances and behaviors of Medieval lords and serfs.
Medieval historian Andrew E. Larsen praises the movie's realistic portrayal of the physical objects and social relationships of the time. But they assert the film's presentation of paganism among the serfs is an extreme exaggeration, and that the key "custom" of "droit du seigneur" was mythical. They criticize the film's romanticizing of "what is, essentially, rape," adding that—while such rapes have happened, at the time—they lacked any legal standing.
Cast
Charlton Heston as Chrysagon
Rosemary Forsyth as Bronwyn
Richard Boone as Bors
Guy Stockwell as Draco
Maurice Evans as Priest
James Farentino as Marc
Henry Wilcoxon as Frisian Prince
Niall MacGinnis as Odins
See also
List of American films of 1965
Middle Ages in film
References
External links
1965 films
Films set in the 11th century
Films set in the Middle Ages
American sword and sorcery films
Films directed by Franklin J. Schaffner
Films scored by Hans J. Salter
Films scored by Jerome Moross
Films set in the Viking Age
American films based on plays
Universal Pictures films
1965 drama films
Films set in Belgium
Films set in Normandy
Films set in the Netherlands
American historical drama films
Films based on plays
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Men in Black: The Album is the soundtrack to the film Men in Black. It was released on July 1, 1997, distributed by Columbia Records and featured production from some of music's top producers, such as Poke & Tone, Jermaine Dupri and The Ummah.
The album was a huge success, spending two consecutive weeks at 1 on the Billboard 200, as well as peaking at 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 3 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The RIAA certified the album 3× Platinum for shipments of over 3,000,000 copies in the United States.
Four singles were released from the album, Will Smith's "Men in Black" and "Just Cruisin'", Nas's
"Escobar '97" and Jermaine Dupri and Snoop Dogg's "We Just Wanna Party with You". Except for the title song and the two Danny Elfman cues, none of the tracks on the album are in the film.
This soundtrack also marked the debuts of then-unknowns Alicia Keys and Destiny's Child.
Track listing
Sample Credits
"Men in Black" features a sample from "Forget Me Nots" by Patrice Rushen written by Patrice Rushen, Terry McFadden and Fred Washington
"We Just Wanna Party with You" contains portions of "Get Down On It" by Kool & the Gang written by Robert Bell, James Taylor, George Brown, Ronald Bell, Claydes Smith, Robert Mickens and E. Deodato
"Just Cruisin'" contains a sample of "I'm Back For More" by Al Johnson written by Kenneth Stover
"The 'Notic" contains replayed elements of "Shining Star" by Earth, Wind & Fire written by Larry Dunn, Maurice White and Philip Bailey
"Escobar '97" contains a sample of "I'll Move You No Mountain" by The Love Unlimited Orchestra written by Jerry Ragovoy and Aaron Schroeder
"Same Ol' Thing" contains a sample of "Miles Beyond" by The Mahavishnu Orchestra written by J. McLaughlin
Men In Black: The Score
Columbia Records released a Danny Elfman score album, including the two tracks included on Men In Black: The Album, on December 1, 1997.
M.I.B. Main Theme (2:58)
D's Memories/Chase (3:57)
Edgar's Truck/A New Man (2:58)
Imports/Quiet Moment (2:22)
J Contemplates (1:18)
Headquarters (1:13)
The Suit (1:28)
Morgue Time (:49)
Petit Mort (1:42)
K Reminisces (:48)
Orion's Belt/Cat Stinger (2:18)
Noisy Cricket/Impending Trouble (2:08)
Sexy Morgue Babe/Icon (5:41)
Take Off/Crash (7:20)
Finale (3:02)
M.I.B. Closing Theme (2:36)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
Albums produced by Jermaine Dupri
Hip hop soundtracks
1997 soundtrack albums
Columbia Records soundtracks
Rhythm and blues soundtracks
Men in Black (franchise)
Albums produced by Cory Rooney
Albums produced by Q-Tip (musician)
Action film soundtracks
Comedy film soundtracks
Science fiction film soundtracks
Thottavadi is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi and Sreelatha Namboothiri in the lead roles. The film had musical score by L. P. R. Varma.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Dr. John
Jayabharathi as Savithri
Adoor Bhasi as Dr. Pushpangadathan
T. R. Omana as Bhagiradiyamma
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Vaasu/P. V. Pilla
Prem Prakash as Babu
Adoor Pankajam as Kamalamma
Sankaradi as Kuttan Nair
KPAC Lalitha as Gouri
Paravoor Bharathan as Madhavan
Meena as Subhashini
T. S. Muthaiah as Priest
Prem Navas as Pulluvan
Prema as Pulluvathi
Usharani as Sarasamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by L. P. R. Varma and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Electric Music for the Mind and Body is Country Joe and the Fish's debut album. Released in May 1967 on the Vanguard label, it was one of the first psychedelic albums to come out of San Francisco.
Tracks from the LP, especially "Section 43", "Grace", and "Not So Sweet Martha Lorraine" were played on progressive FM rock stations like KSAN and KMPX in San Francisco, often back-to-back. A version of the song "Love" was performed at the 1969 Woodstock Festival.
"Grace" is a tribute to Jefferson Airplane's lead singer, Grace Slick.
Recording
The album was recorded during the first week of February 1967 at Sierra Sound Laboratories, Berkeley, California, by Robert DeSousa, with production by Samuel Charters. It was released on May 11, 1967, on the Vanguard label. Due to deterioration of the original master tapes, the album was remixed in 1982 and this remix was used for the original CD release in 1990.
In 2013 a new two-disc deluxe version appeared which included both the original mono and stereo mixes. It is the first time producer Sam Charters' original stereo mixdown has been issued on compact disc. The liner notes to the 2013 version state that an outtake from the sessions, "Thought Dream", was later included on the band's follow-up, I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die.
Reception
Bruce Eder in a retrospective review for AllMusic felt that the album is "one of the most important and enduring documents of the psychedelic era".
The album was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing
All songs by Country Joe McDonald, except where noted
"Flying High" – 2:38
"Not So Sweet Martha Lorraine" – 4:21
"Death Sound Blues" – 4:23 - Labeled as "Death Sound" on the mono version of the album
"Happiness Is a Porpoise Mouth" – 2:48 - Labeled as "Porpoise Mouth" on the mono version of the album
"Section 43" – 7:23
"Superbird" – 2:04
"Sad and Lonely Times" – 2:23
"Love" (Joe McDonald, Barry Melton, David Cohen, Bruce Barthol, John Francis Gunning, Gary Hirsh) – 2:19
"Bass Strings" – 4:58
"The Masked Marauder" – 3:10
"Grace" – 7:03
Personnel
Country Joe and the Fish
Country Joe McDonald - lead vocals (tracks 1-4, 6, 9-11), rhythm guitar (tracks 2, 4, 7-9), tambourine (track 3), lead guitar (track 5), harmonica (track 5), backing vocals (track 7), bells (track 11)
Barry Melton - lead guitar (tracks 1-5, 8-11), rhythm guitar (track 6), lead vocals (tracks 7, 8), bass (track 7)
David Cohen - rhythm guitar (track 1), organ (tracks 2, 4, 5, 8-10), lead guitar (tracks 3, 6, 7, 11)
Bruce Barthol - bass (all tracks except track 7), harmonica (tracks 7, 10)
Gary "Chicken" Hirsh - drums; background noise (track 11)
Technical
Jules Halfant - sleeve design
References
External links
Electric Music for the Mind and Body (Adobe Flash) at Radio3Net (streamed copy where licensed)
1967 debut albums
Vanguard Records albums
Country Joe and the Fish albums
Albums produced by Samuel Charters
Acid rock albums
Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of a Jobless Future is a 2015 book by American futurist Martin Ford. Rise discusses the impact accelerating change and artificial intelligence will have on the labor market. Their thesis is that there will be great social and economic disruption, as educated workers will no longer be able to find employment; unlike in previous technological revolutions, very few new jobs will be created in the course of the ongoing disruption.
Thesis
While technological advances in the previous century mainly displaced more uneducated laborers, the 21st century is seeing technology increasingly threatening skilled workers' jobs as well. Lawyers, radiologists and software designers have seen their work outsourced to the developing world. Ford believes that unlike previous centuries, the current emerging technologies will fail to generate new forms of employment; they predict that new industries will "rarely, if ever, be highly labor-intensive". Companies like YouTube and Instagram are based on "tiny workforces and huge valuations and revenues". Ford downplays the benefits of expanding education ("The problem is that the skills ladder is not really a ladder at all: it is a pyramid, and there is only so much room at the top"), and argues for a "dramatic policy response" such as a guaranteed basic income.
Many economists disagree with Ford's thesis that the IT revolution is fundamentally different from previous technological revolutions. Libertarian economist Robin Hanson argues that the recent ominous labor trends may have causes other than automation, such as "demographics, regulation, worker values, organization practices, and other technologies".
Reception
The book was praised for lucidly arguing its bleak viewpoint. Reviewing Rise in the New York Times, Barbara Ehrenreich stated "The human consequences of robotization are already upon us, and skillfully chronicled here". A review in the Los Angeles Times stated that Rise was "Lucid, comprehensive and unafraid to grapple fairly with those who dispute Ford's basic thesis", and "better than 'Lights in the Tunnel'", Ford's previous book on the same topic. The Guardian's review points out the book gets more speculative as it goes on, and states: "Although it may be difficult to overstate the dangers posed by the new technology", Rise may have managed to do so, but is regardless well worth reading. The "Dot Physics" column in Wired stated "It's sort of depressing to think about the future in cases where robots dominate. Overall, the book was well written with interesting stories about both business and technology." Financial Times chief US commentator Edward Luce called Rise "well researched and disturbingly persuasive".
Rise was awarded the £30,000 Financial Times and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award of 2015.
References
External links
(2016 Speech by Martin Ford)
2015 non-fiction books
Futurology books
Basic Books books
The 1971 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 21st season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944, In the 1971 it was called (first division league) . Al-Faisaly won its 12th title.
Teams
Map
League table
Al-Shabab Withdrew From the league , All results of the team have been crossed out.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Joseph John Thoder, Jr. (born January 25, 1956 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) is Interim Chair and John W. Lachman Professor of Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine at Temple University School of Medicine.
Career
Graduating from Moravian College in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania with a bachelor of science degree in chemistry in 1977, they attended Temple University School of Medicine (Philadelphia) in 1982. Upon completing their internship at Episcopal Hospital, they began their residency in orthopaedic surgery at Temple University Hospital.
References
1956 births
Living people
American sports physicians
American people of Italian descent
People from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
Physicians from Philadelphia
Humayun Mosque is situated in the village of Kachhpura in Agra on the left bank of River Yamuna.
History
Though this mosque has not been mentioned in texts related to Mughal period, it is the only monument in Agra that can undoubtedly be attributed to the reign of Humayun. According to the inscriptions on this monument, the mosque was constructed in 1530, when Humayun ascended the throne.
Architecture
The facade of the mosque bears five arches, the central of which is a high iwan. A dome tops the central nave, and is supported on kite-shaped pendentives and net squinches. There are double-aisled wings on either side of the central nave. The building is made of brick and lime, and covered with stucco work.
See also
Moti Masjid, Agra
Gyarah Sidi
Mehtab Bagh
Jama Masjid, Agra
References
Mughal mosques
Mosques in Agra
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1530
The was an agency administered by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare. After a scandal involving millions of lost pension records, on January 1, 2010 it was abolished and replaced by the Japan Pension Service. It was responsible for four types of social insurance
Employees' Health Insurance
Seamens' Insurance
Employees' Pension Insurance
The National Pension.
Pension records problem
The Social Insurance Agency computerized their records in 1979 and in 1997 the SIA attempted to integrate three different databases together. Numerous problems resulted from this and in May 2007 it was exposed by the then-opposition party, the Democratic Party of Japan that 50 million pre-1997 premium payers could not be matched to any citizen enrolled in the system. The then-ruling party, the Liberal Democratic Party, subsequently suffered a loss in the 2007 election, which was partly attributed to the pension scandal.
By January 2010, 14 million of these 50 million records had been consolidated with an existing pension number.
References
External links
Official website (English)
Official website (Japanese)
Social
A slide whistle (variously known as a swanee or swannee whistle, lotos flute piston flute, or jazz flute) is a wind instrument consisting of a fipple like a recorder's and a tube with a piston in it. Thus it has an air reed like some woodwinds, but varies the pitch with a slide. The construction is rather like a bicycle pump. Because the air column is cylindrical and open at one end and closed at the other, it overblows the third harmonic. "A whistle made out of a long tube with a slide at one end. An ascending and descending glissando is produced by moving the slide back and forth while blowing into the mouthpiece." "Tubular whistle with a plunger unit in its column, approximately 12 inches long. The pitch is changed by moving the slide plunger in and out, producing ascending and descending glisses."
History
Piston flutes, in folk versions usually made of cane or bamboo, existed in Africa, Asia, and the Pacific as well as Europe before the modern version was invented in England in the nineteenth century. The latter, which may be more precisely referred to as the slide or Swanee whistle, is commonly made of plastic or metal.
The modern slide whistle is familiar as a sound effect (as in animated cartoon sound tracks, when a glissando can suggest something rapidly ascending or falling, or when a player hits a "Bankrupt" on Wheel of Fortune), but it is also possible to play melodies on a slide whistle.
The swanee whistle dates back at least to the 1840s, when it was manufactured by the Distin family and featured in their concerts in England. Early slide whistles were also made by the English J Stevens & Son and H A Ward. By the 1920s the slide whistle was common in the US, and was occasionally used in popular music and jazz as a special effect. For example, it was used on Paul Whiteman's early hit recording of "Whispering" (1920). Even Louis Armstrong switched over from their more usual cornet to the slide whistle for a chorus on a couple of recordings with King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band, such as Sobbin' Blues (1923). At that time, slide saxophones, with reeds rather than a fipple, were also built. The whistle was also widely used in Jug band music of the 1920s such as Whistler's Jug Band. Gavin Gordon uses a slide whistle in their ballet The Rake's Progress (1935).
Uses
The slide whistle is often thought of as a toy instrument, especially in the West, though it has been and still is used in various forms of "serious" music. Its first appearance in notated European classical music may have been when Maurice Ravel called for one in their opera L'enfant et les sortilèges. More modern uses in classical music include Paul Hindemith's Kammermusik No. 1, op. 24 no. 1 (1922), Luciano Berio's Passaggio, which uses five, and the Violin Concerto of György Ligeti, as well as pieces by Cornelius Cardew, Alberto Ginastera, Hans Werner Henze, Peter Maxwell Davies, and Krzysztof Penderecki (De Natura Sonoris II, 1971). John Cage's Music of Changes (1951) and Water Music (1952) both feature slide whistle and duck calls. The slide whistle is also used in many of the works of P. D. Q. Bach.
In the 1930s through the 1950s it was played with great dexterity by Paul 'Hezzie' Trietsch, one of the founding members of the Hoosier Hot Shots. They made many recordings.
Roger Waters played two notes on the slide whistle in the song Flaming, from Pink Floyd's debut album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
A more recent appearance of the slide whistle can be heard in the 1979 song "Get Up" by Vernon Burch. The slide whistle segment of this song was later sampled by Deee-Lite in their 1990 hit "Groove Is in the Heart".
Fred Schneider of The B-52's plays a plastic toy slide whistle in live performances of the song "Party Out of Bounds" as a prop for the song's drunken partygoer theme, in place of the trumpet thus used in the studio for the Wild Planet song.
On the popular BBC Radio 4 comedy panel game show "I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue" the swanee whistle has been paired for comic effect with the kazoo in a musical round called "Swanee-Kazoo" which has been played for over forty years.
See also
Square wave
Tin whistle
Whistle
Whistling
References
Continuous pitch instruments
Internal fipple flutes
Woodwind instruments
Toy instruments and noisemakers
Captain Charles Jones, 5th Viscount Ranelagh (29 October 1761–20 December 1800) was a British Royal Navy officer and Irish peer of the late-eighteenth century who served on the Ireland station in but died aged 39 from an illness during their military service.
Naval career
The son of Charles Wilkinson Jones, 4th Viscount Ranelagh and their wife Sarah Montgomery (daughter of Irish politician Thomas Montgomery), Jones was raised in Dublin and attended Trinity College, Dublin before joining the Royal Navy.
Jones was appointed in 1795 to HMS Doris and attached to the Irish station during the French Revolutionary Wars. In January 1797, Doris was part of a squadron that chased the deep into the Atlantic Ocean. Fraternité was the flagship of the French attempt to invade Bantry Bay and by driving them off, the invasion force was left leaderless and was dispersed and defeated piecemeal. Later in the year, on 20 April 1797, Jones inherited the viscountcy from their deceased father and became Lord Ranelagh.
In 1798, Doris was again involved in foiling a French attempt to invade Ireland, forming part of a squadron under Sir John Borlase Warren. Doris was detached in early October to search the Donegal coast for French ships however and so missed the Battle of Tory Island in which the French invasion force was defeated and dispersed. Two years later, Doris was in Plymouth Sound when Lord Ranelagh died from a sudden illness. Their titles were passed to their younger brother Thomas Jones.
Notes
References
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
1761 births
1800 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
Military personnel from Dublin (city)
The United Arab Republic women's national basketball team or in (Arabic: منتخب الجمهورية العربية المتحدة للسيدات لكرة السلة) was a historical women's national basketball team that existed between the year 1958–1971 that has represented the United Arab Republic which was a union between Egypt (including the occupied Gaza Strip) and Syria.
History
The United Arab Republic women's national basketball team has since the foundation back in 1958 won two African Championships from 3 appearances but has no appearances of World Championship nor in the Olympics.
Performance table
FIBA Africa ChampionshipAfrican basketball competitions Retrieved 5 September 2021
African Games
References
External links
Official website
FIBA profile
AfroBasket: Egyptian women's national team
Egyptian basketball records at FIBA Archive
Women's national basketball teams
Józef Łaszewski (30 November 1901 – ?) was a Polish rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
1901 births
Year of death missing
Polish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Poland
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Warsaw
People from Warsaw Governorate
European Rowing Championships medalists
The national federation became a FIFA affiliate in 1980. The development of women's football in the Middle East and central Asia dates back only about ten years.
National Team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team and the team has yet to play in a FIFA recognised match. The team has therefore never been ranked by FIFA.
The country's kit colours are red and white shirts, red shorts, and red socks.
Other representative teams
Baroucher
In 2006, a team representing the country, Baroucher, played in the Women's Sevens Tournament in Abu Dhabi. The tournament was a seven-a-side one and they were in Group A, where they finished last overall. On 21 February, they lost 1–5 to Abu Dhabi. On 23 February, they lost 2–3 to a team from Jordan. On 24 February, they lost 0–3 to Iraq. On 25 February, they lost to Syria 0–9. In group play, they had a total of 3 goals for and 20 against.
Five A Side
In 2006, Oman hosted and played in a 5-a-side women's championship. Other countries participating in the tournament included Pakistan, Bahrain, Syria, Palestine, United Arab Emirates, Lebanon, Afghanistan.
Futsal
A club team representing the country participated in the fifth Amman Arab Women's Futsal Championships in Jordan.
In June 2022, the Oman women's national futsal team made a history by debuting in the 2022 WAFF Women's Futsal Championship, the first ever competitive women's football team of the country to participate in the tournament. Oman finished bottom in the group, losing all two games in their maiden appearance.
References
Football in Oman
Women's sport in Oman
Brian Jolly (born 1 March 1946) is a former British cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
British male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sheffield
In image analysis, the generalized structure tensor (GST) is an extension of the Cartesian structure tensor to curvilinear coordinates. It is mainly used to detect and to represent the "direction" parameters of curves, just as the Cartesian structure tensor detects and represents the direction in Cartesian coordinates. Curve families generated by pairs of locally orthogonal functions have been the best studied.
It is a widely known method in applications of image and video processing including computer vision, such as biometric identification by fingerprints, and studies of human tissue sections.
GST in 2D and locally orthogonal bases
Let the term image represent a function
where are real variables and
, and , are real valued functions.
GST represents the direction along which the image can undergo an infinitesimal translation with minimal (total least squares) error, along the "lines" fulfilling the following conditions:
1. The "lines" are ordinary lines in the curvilinear coordinate basis
which are curves in Cartesian coordinates as depicted by the equation above. The error is measured in the sense and the minimality of the error refers thereby to L2 norm.
2. The functions constitute a harmonic pair, i.e. they fulfill Cauchy–Riemann equations,
Accordingly, such curvilinear coordinates are locally orthogonal.
Then GST consists in
where are errors of (infinitesimal) translation in the best direction (designated by the angle ) and the worst direction (designated by ). The function is the window function defining the "outer scale" wherein the detection of will be carried out, which can be omitted if it is already included in or if is the full image (rather than local). The matrix is the identity matrix. Using the chain rule, it can be shown that the integration above can be implemented as convolutions in Cartesian coordinates applied to the ordinary structure tensor when pair the real and imaginary parts of an analytic function ,
where .
Examples of analytic functions include , as well as monomials , , where is an arbitrary positive or negative integer. The monomials are also referred to as Harmonic functions in Computer Vision, and Image Processing.
Thereby, Cartesian Structure tensor is a special case of GST where , and , i.e. the harmonic function is simply . Thus by choosing a harmonic function , one can detect all curves that are linear combinations of its real and imaginary parts by convolutions on (rectangular) image grids only, even if are non-Cartesian. Furthermore, the convolution computations can be done by using complex filters applied to the complex version of the structure tensor. Thus, GST implementations have frequently been done using complex version of the structure tensor, rather than using the (1,1) tensor.
Complex version of GST
As there is a complex version of the ordinary [Structure tensor], there is also a complex version of the GST
which is identical to its cousin with the difference that is a complex filter. It should be recalled that, the ordinary structure tensor is a real filter, usually defined by a sampled and scaled Gaussian to delineate the neighborhood, also known as the outer scale. This simplicity is a reason for why GST implementations have predominantly used the complex version above. For curve families defined by analytic functions , it can be shown that, the neighborhood defining function is complex valued,
,
a so-called symmetry derivative of a Gaussian. Thus, the orientation wise variation of the pattern to be looked for is directly incorporated into the neighborhood defining function, and the detection occurs in the space of the (ordinary) structure tensor.
Basic concept for its use in image processing and computer vision
Efficient detection of in images is possible by image processing for a pair , . Complex convolutions (or the corresponding matrix operations) and point-wise non-linear mappings are the basic computational elements of GST implementations. A total least square error estimation of is then obtained along with the two errors, and . In analogy with the Cartesian Structure tensor, the estimated angle is in double angle representation, i.e. is delivered by computations, and can be used as a shape feature whereas alone or in combination with
can be used as a quality (confidence, certainty) measure for the angle estimation.
Logarithmic spirals, including circles, can for instance be detected by (complex) convolutions and non-linear mappings. The spirals can be in gray (valued) images or in a binary image, i.e. locations of edge elements of the concerned patterns, such as contours of circles or spirals, must not be known or marked otherwise.
Generalized structure tensor can be used as an alternative to Hough transform in image processing and computer vision to detect patterns whose local orientations can be modelled, for example junction points. The main differences comprise:
Negative, as well as complex voting are allowed;
With one template multiple patterns belonging to the same family can be detected;
Image binarization is not required.
Physical and mathematical interpretation
The curvilinear coordinates of GST can explain physical processes applied to images. A well known pair of processes consist in rotation, and zooming. These are related to the coordinate transformation and .
If an image consists in iso-curves that can be explained by only $\xi$ i.e. its iso-curves consist in circles , where is any real valued differentiable function defined on 1D, the image is invariant to rotations (around the origin).
Zooming (comprising unzooming) operation is modeled similarly. If the image has iso-curves that look like a "star" or bicycle spokes, i.e. for some differentiable 1D function then, the image is invariant to scaling (w.r.t. the origin).
In combination,
is invariant to a certain amount of rotation combined with scaling, where the amount is precised by the parameter .
Analogously, the Cartesian structure tensor is a representation of a translation too. Here the physical process consists in an ordinary translation of a certain amount along combined with translation along ,
where the amount is specified by the parameter . Evidently here represents the direction of the line.
Generally, the estimated represents the direction (in coordinates) along which infinitesimal translations leave the image invariant, in practice least variant.
With every curvilinear coordinate basis pair, there is thus a pair of infinitesimal translators, a linear combination of which is a Differential operator. The latter are related to Lie algebra.
Miscellaneous
"Image" in the context of the GST can mean both an ordinary image and an image neighborhood thereof (local image), depending on context. For example, a photograph is an image as is any neighborhood of it.
See also
Structure tensor
Hough transform
Tensor
Gaussian
Corner detection
Edge detection
Affine shape adaptation
Directional derivative
Differential operator
Lie algebra
References
Tensors
Feature detection (computer vision)
Purul is a village in Senapati district, Manipur, India. Whereas Purul is the name given by other people, Hiimai ki is the name given by its own inhabitants. 'Hiimai' refers to its people and 'ki' to a place/land, meaning land of Hiimai. The predominant inhabitants belong to Poumai Naga tribe. The village consists of two contiguous habitations viz Purul Akutpa (Hiimai Khelaomai) & Purul Atongba (Hiimai Dunamai).
As per the latest census of India in 2011, 99.4% of the people follow Christianity and the rest follow naturism. And literacy rate is 74%.
Purul is bordered by Phuba (North), Shirong (East), Oinam (South) and Koide (South). At the village level, each of Purul Akutpa and Purul Atongba is administered by a selected person known as Village Chairman assisted by Secretary and other persons. These administrators are collectively known as Village Authority, similar to Panchayat/Sarpanch. At Zila level, 27 villages including Purul is administered by a Sub-divisional Officer (SDO)/Teshildar, whose office is located at the village. Among the 27 villages, Purul Akutpa is most populous with 6168 persons. The SDO works under the District Magistrate (DM/DC), Senapati.
One elected person represent Purul in the Autonomous District Council (ADC), Senapati. Purul along with Phuba, Koide, Karong and other areas are represented at Manipur State level by one Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA). Name of the constituency is 47,Karong Legislative Assembly Constituency. It is the 47th of total 60 legislative constituencies of the Manipur state.
Purul is 20 km from the nearest town i.e. Maram, which is located on the highway, NH-2. It is 45 km from District Headquarters, 112 km from the nearest airport (Imphal
International Airport), 140 km from the nearest railway station (Dimapur Railway Station). Medical practitioner/physicians and other medical personnels are stationed at the Nearest Primary Health Centre (PHC), Oinam Hill. The PHC is 10 km from Purul. The village has one government higher secondary school, one private secondary school and five government primary schools.
Villages in Senapati district
Irina Edvinovna Minkh (, born 16 April 1964) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
October 4, 2018, the mayor of Novosibirsk Anatoly Lokot said they appointed Irina Minkh as the Sports Adviser to the Mayor.
References
1964 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
The World War II Memorial is installed in City Square Park, in Charlestown, Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
The memorial was dedicated in 1946 and rededicated in 1996.
See also
1946 in art
References
External links
1946 establishments in Massachusetts
1946 sculptures
Charlestown, Boston
Monuments and memorials in Boston
Outdoor sculptures in Boston
World War II memorials in the United States
Forward is an 1893 bronze statue by American sculptor Jean Pond Miner Coburn depicting an embodiment of Wisconsin's "Forward" motto. The 1996 replica was located at the Wisconsin State Capitol grounds at the top of State Street before it was vandalized in 2020. The statue often is misidentified with the Wisconsin statue on top of the Capitol dome.
History
During the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, Miner and Helen Farnsworth Mears were named artists-in-residence at the Wisconsin Building. At that time, Miner was commissioned to create a work of art representing the state.
They created Forward; "Forward" is the motto of the state of Wisconsin. A souvenir pamphlet from the Exposition described the statue as representing "a female figure standing upon the prow of a boat, the figurehead of which is 'Old Abe.' The boat is surging through the water, and the figure, poised gracefully but firmly upon the prow, stretches forth the right hand, while the left clasps the American flag to its bosom." Miner had originally planned to cast it in copper, their funds ran out and the statue remained in its bronze form.
The statue was afterward purchased by women's suffrage organizations and "presented to the state of Wisconsin on behalf of the women's suffrage movement.
The statue was housed inside the Wisconsin State Capitol from 1893 to 1904. The sculpture was moved outdoors on the Capitol grounds in 1905. For a century the statue, made out of bronze, stood on the Wisconsin State Capitol grounds, slowly deteriorating. In 1996, several women's groups and "women of Wisconsin" raised the funds to have the work cast in bronze. This was placed on the Capitol grounds while the original was placed in the lobby of the Wisconsin Historical Society building on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
2020 replica vandalism
On June 23, 2020, Forward (the replica) and a Hans Christian Heg statue were toppled by protesters following the arrest of a Black Lives Matter activist. The fall of the statue was characterized as a strategic political move by one of the protesters. Both statues were later recovered by the authorities, though Heg's statue lost a head and leg.
At a July 20, 2020 meeting of the Wisconsin Capitol and Executive Residence Board, the board voted unanimously to restore both Heg's statue and Forward to their original condition and placement atop their pedestals. The state of Wisconsin received a grant of $30,000 from the National Endowment for the Humanities the following October towards the expense of repairing of both the Heg and Forward statues. The statues were taken to Detroit where restoration will be done by Venus Bronze Works Inc. with reinstallation on the Capitol grounds anticipated by July 2021.
References
Further reading
Monuments and memorials in Wisconsin
Flags in art
Vandalized works of art in Wisconsin
Monuments and memorials to women's suffrage in the United States
History of women in Wisconsin
Ushan Manohara (full name Petta Yaddehi Ushan Manohara; born 26 August 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Sinhalese Sports Club. They were born in Galle.
Manohara, who made their debut for Sinhalese Sports Club Under-23s during 2009, made their List A debut during the Premier Limited Overs Tournament competition of 2009-10, debuting against Colombo Cricket Club, taking a single wicket, that of fellow debutante Dilesh Gunaratne, for a second-ball duck.
Manohara made their first-class debut during the 2009-10 Premier Championship, against Sinhalese Sports Club, though they did not bat in the match, as two days were washed out.
External links
Ushan Manohara at Cricket Archive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sinhalese Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
Hilltops Council is a local government area in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed on 12 May 2016 from the merger of Boorowa Council, Harden Shire and Young Shire. The local government area covers much the same area as the Hilltops wine region.
The Mayor of Hilltops Council is Margaret Roles, an independent politician, who was elected unopposed after the inaugural election held on 4 December 2021.
Main towns and villages
The largest town in Hilltops Council is Young. The other major urban centres are Boorowa, Murrumburrah and Harden. Other towns and localities in the Council include Bendick Murrell, Berremangra, Bribbaree, Frogmore, Galong, Godfreys Creek, Hovells Creek, Jugiong, Kingsvale, Koorawatha, Maimuru, Milvale, Monteagle, Mount Collins, Murringo, Reids Flat, Rugby, Rye Park, Taylors Flat, Thuddungra, Wirrimah, Wombat and Wyangala (part).
Demographics
Council
Current composition and election method
Hilltops Council is composed of eleven Councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The Mayor is elected by the Councillors at the first meeting of the council.
The current Council, elected on 4 December 2021, is:
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External links
Local government areas of New South Wales
2016 establishments in Australia
Hume Highway
is a fictional character in the video game Persona 4.
Concept and creation
Naoto was created for Persona 4.  They are a young detective who moves to Inaba, the setting of Persona 4, to solve a serial-murder case. Due to the gendered stereotypes of detectives and institutional misogyny in law enforcement, Naoto presents as a man in order to hide their gender. In the Japanese version, Naoto uses 'boku', a typically male pronoun, while interchangeably using they and they in the English version. Naoto's design in Persona 4 Arena was inspired by the character Raidou Kuzunoha. When designing Naoto for Persona 4: Dancing All Night, designer Kazuhisa Wada depicted their dancing style as more feminine to show Naoto embracing their feminine side more. Them dancing style comes from house music, with Wada noting that this dance style had a certain degree of sex appeal. Naoto is voiced by Romi Park in all appearances in Japanese. In English, Naoto was voiced Anna Graves in their initial appearances, and has been voiced by Valerie Arem from Persona 4 Arena Ultimax onward.
Appearances
Naoto appears in Persona 4 and is a detective trying to solve the murders in the game. Correctly suspecting that initial suspect Mitsuo Kubo is merely a copycat killer, Naoto uses themselves as bait by appearing on TV and allowing themselves to be kidnapped by the culprit. The group follows Naoto to the TV world, where Naoto is confronted by their Shadow, who expresses their frustration with their birth sex and at being treated like a child by the police. Naoto explains after Shadow Naoto has been defeated due to the male-oriented nature of the police department, which is why they had been presenting as male. Once Naoto comes to understand their feelings, their Shadow turns into the Persona , a robotic humanoid wearing a blue suit jacket that has an insect-like head and butterfly-like wings.
Following Naoto's recovery from their time in the TV world, they join the protagonists in finding the culprit, having gained clues about their method thanks to their kidnapping. Throughout Yu's interactions with Naoto, they regain their passion for being a detective. Depending on the player's actions, Naoto can become intimate with Yu. Naoto also decides that they aren't a detective just to uphold their family tradition, but because they want to be and thoroughly enjoy it no matter their gender or age. Them Persona then evolves into , a humanoid in a white and blue traditional armed forces dress uniform with a more bird-like appearance. In the game's ending, Naoto decides to stay in Inaba, unsure what to do now that the case is closed. In Persona 4 Golden, Naoto gets the new Persona , whose outfit is red and blue, and has long, flowing blonde hair.
Naoto appears as a playable character in Persona 4 Arena, where they are pursuing the character Mitsuru Kirijo from Persona 3. They later appears in Persona 4: Dancing All Night.
A novel that takes place one year after Persona 4 was released starring Naoto called Persona 4 x Detective Naoto, where they are investigating the disappearance of their old friend Touko Aoi. This novel was made by Dengeki Bunko.
In Persona 5, Naoto is briefly mentioned on a TV special on 4/29 as, "the original Detective Prince" who was then being succeeded by the "new Detective Prince."
Reception
Naoto has received overall positive reception. Kimberley Wallace of Game Informer ranked them as one of the best Persona characters. Geoff Thew of Hardcore Gamer found Naoto to be attractive due in part to their detective work. Andrew Clouther of GameZone expressed skepticism with how Naoto was being designed for Persona 4: Dancing All Night, feeling that Naoto depicted in a sexual light felt unlike them and expressed concern that it would be used to justify "fan-service." A swimsuit costume that Naoto wears in Dancing All Night was described as "conservative" by Matt Sainsbury of Digitally Downloaded, who felt it fit their character. Mike Cosimano regarded them as a great character due to their pragmatism and quality detective work. Janine Hawkins of Paste Magazine praised them for their outfit, feeling that few could pull it off as well.
Naoto's gender identity and status as a queer character has been the subject of discussion from critics. They have been interpreted as both a cross-dressing woman and a trans man. Vrai Kaiser of The Mary Sue was initially hoping to find a "kindred spirit" with Naoto, but grew upset when they discovered that this was not the case. Michael Higham of GameSpot felt that certain choices players could make regarding their gender identity were insensitive.
References
Female characters in video games
Fictional cross-dressers
Fictional female detectives
Fictional Japanese people in video games
Orphan characters in video games
Persona 4 characters
Sega protagonists
Teenage characters in video games
Video game characters introduced in 2008
Video game characters who have mental powers
was a Rear Admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. They were the commander of the Japanese garrison on the island of Betio of the Tarawa atoll during World War II.
Biography
Shibazaki was born in Kasai, Hyogo prefecture. They were a graduate of the 43rd class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1915, ranking 26th out of 95 cadets. They served as midshipman on the cruiser Azuma and battleship Settsu. As a Kaigun Shōi (Ensign), they were assigned to Satsuma and cruiser Yakumo. As a Kaigun Chūi (Lieutenant junior grade), they served on the cruiser Chikuma, destroyer Kaba and battleship Yamashiro.
Shibazaki was promoted to Kaigun Taii (lieutenant) in 1921, and after taking courses in navigation, was assigned as chief navigator to Tachikaze, oiler Kamoi and survey ship Musashi. After their promotion to Kaigun Shōsa (lieutenant-commander) in 1927, they were appointed aide-de-camp to Prince Kuni Asaakira from 1932-1933. In 1936, they received their first command, the gunboat Ataka. Promoted to Kaigun Taisa (captain) in 1937, they served in various staff positions, primarily in Kure and in Shanghai.
Shibazaki was promoted to Kaigun Shōshō (rear admiral) on 1 May 1943. They arrived on Betio in Tarawa in September 1943 to take command of the Japanese garrison, including 1,122 Imperial Marines forming the 3rd Special Base Force (formerly the 6th Yokosuka SNLF), 1,497 sailors forming the 7th Sasebo Special Naval Landing Force, and 1,427 (mostly Korean and Chinese) laborers forming the 111th Pioneers construction unit, and a detachment of 970 laborers from the 4th Fleet Construction Unit.
Shibazaki was a veteran of amphibious landings in China during the late 1930s and was aware of the difficulties facing an amphibious landing force. They built extensive defenses on Betio to defend its strategically important airfield, and famously boasted to their troops that "it would take one million men one hundred years" to conquer the island.
Shibazaki was killed in action on the first day of the Battle of Tarawa, sometime during the mid-afternoon of 20 November 1943. Reportedly, they and all their senior officers were killed by 5" naval gunfire (airbursts) from a United States Navy destroyer, either USS Dashiell or USS Ringgold, after the men were spotted walking to a secondary command post away from the front lines on the beaches. Shibazaki was posthumously promoted to vice-admiral.
References
Books
External links
Notes
1894 births
1943 deaths
Battle of Tarawa
Military personnel from Hyōgo Prefecture
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Japanese admirals of World War II
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
Antonios Miliarakis (7 April 1841 – 8 April 1905) was a Greek geographer, academic and historian of the 19th century. They were distinguished for their studies in history and geography.
Biographical information
They were born in Athens on 7 April 1841. They studied jurisprudence at the University of Athens and graduated in 1864. They worked as historian, geographer and professor of jurisprudence at the University of Athens whilst they were working as stenographer in Hellenic Parliament (since 1862), until their death.
The period from 1867 to 1868, Miliarakis served as secretary of the “Central Committee”, which was directing the Cretan Revolt that was in progress while in 1879 they participated in the trilateral commission that was sent from Greece to Preveza (then under Ottoman rule) to negotiate the determination of the new borders between the two states.
In 1882, they were one of the founding members of the Historical and Ethnological Society of Greece, in which they were curator and later secretary. Their research work on historical and geographical issues was of great importance.
They died on April 8, 1905, in Athens where they were buried.
Works
Miliarakis wrote a large number of history and geography books which are distinguished for the scientific methodology and the emphasis on historical, ethnological, demographic, cultural and folklore elements.
They were awarded by the “Society for the advancement of Hellenic studies” (“Σύλλογος προς προαγωγήν των ελληνικών σπουδών”) of Paris for three of their works; “Κυκλαδικά” (“Kykladika”) (1874), “Νεοελληνική γεωγραφική φιλολογία, ήτοι, κατάλογος των από του 1800-1889 γεωγραφηθέντων υπό Ελλήνων” (“Neohellenic geographical philology, catalogue of the geographical literature since 1800 until 1889 by Greeks”, 1889) and the “Ιστορία του βασιλείου της Νικαίας και του Δεσποτάτου της Ηπείρου” (“History of the Kingdom of Nicaea and the Despotate of Epirus”).
Antonios Miliarakis also wrote the following: «Υπομνήματα περιγραφικά των Κυκλάδων νήσων κατά μέρος» (“Descriptive memoranda of the Cyclades islands”) (1880, 1901), «Ολίγαι λέξεις περί της καταγωγής του Σκενδέρμπεη» (“A few words about the origin of Skanderbeg”) (1876) where they tried to refute the arguments of German historians about the Slavic origin of Skanderbeg, “Γεωγραφία Πολιτική Νέα και Αρχαία του Νομού Κεφαλληνίας” (“New and Ancient Political Geography of Kefallinia Prefecture”), etc.
References
Sources
External links
National Historical Museum of Greece.
Miliarakis Antonios.
Greek geographers
19th-century Greek historians
1841 births
1905 deaths
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens faculty
Greek Byzantinists
Scholars of Byzantine history
People from Athens
Harbor Boulevard (formerly Spadra Road) is a north–south road corridor in the counties of Los Angeles and Orange. One of the busiest routes in Orange County, the thoroughfare passes through some of the most densely populated areas in the region and carries about 8 percent of the county's bus riders. The route provides access for local residents to travel to work and for drivers travelling from Valley Boulevard in the City of Industry via Fullerton Road to Newport Beach.
Route description
Harbor Boulevard runs in Orange County from Costa Mesa through the cities of Fountain Valley, Santa Ana, Garden Grove, Anaheim, Fullerton, and La Habra. It crosses into Los Angeles County upon entering La Habra Heights, then 2 miles later, it turns into Fullerton Road in the unincorporated community of Rowland Heights just over the Los Angeles County line.
History
Previously, Harbor Boulevard ended at Fullerton Road in La Habra Heights. Commuters were directed to turn left onto Fullerton Road through a two-lane windy road to Pathfinder Road. An extension was proposed to extend Harbor Boulevard to Pathfinder Road in Rowland Heights in the 1980s. This extension would provide an alternate route for commuters coming from Orange County as they were limited to Hacienda Road, Brea Boulevard, and SR 57 at the time. The route would also connect Los Angeles County with Orange County with the developing unincorporated community Rowland Heights and provide access to SR 60 from Orange County. Originally opposed by residents of La Habra Heights, with one person stating that Harbor Boulevard would become a "freeway", the four-lane extension was granted when Shea Homes broke ground for their newest community, Vantage Pointe, in Rowland Heights. The extension opened in 1992, though the two-lane Fullerton Road is still open for residents who live on that street to use.
The portion of Harbor Boulevard between La Palma Avenue in Anaheim to Whittier Boulevard in La Habra was part of the historical routing of U.S. Route 101 (US 101), which was at the time the Coast Route from the Mexican Border to Oregon. This portion was also formerly part of SR 72, but this segment was later relinquished to the cities of Anaheim, Fullerton, and La Habra.
When the extension of Harbor Boulevard opened in 1992, there were plans to make Harbor Boulevard the official SR 39 between Whittier Boulevard and Colima Road in order to close the gap SR 39 currently has, but signs were never erected and it is unknown when this segment will be signed.
North Harbor Boulevard, where it rises from La Habra and passes over the Puente Hills, follows the historical route of the 1769 Portolà expedition, first Europeans to explore inland California.
Major intersections
Transportation
The Orange County Transportation Authority began the Central Harbor Boulevard Transit Corridor Study in 2016 to improve transit along Harbor Boulevard in northern and central Orange County between Westminster Boulevard in Santa Ana and Chapman Avenue in Fullerton. The study will analyze and develop transportation options to move people through the area.
History
In 1976, the Orange County District Attorney declared the stretch in Garden Grove with six gay bars a "red light area" and attempted to close the bars. While formal charges were filed, they were dismissed a year later with no convictions.
Protest marches over the Anaheim police shootings in July 2012 were centered around Harbor. A fatal shooting by police officers on July 21 was followed by a second on July 22. On July 29, 200 protesters walked from the Anaheim police headquarters toward Disneyland. They were stopped at the intersection of Harbor Boulevard and Ball Road by a line of riot police and officers on horseback. Both shootings were eventually ruled justified by the Orange County District Attorney.
Points of interest
Current
Disneyland Resort
Anaheim Convention Center
Crystal Cathedral
Fox Theatre Fullerton
Whittier Law School
Orange Coast College
Former
Kona Lanes
In popular culture
Anaheim native Gwen Stefani mentions Harbor Boulevard in the song "Cool".
Orange County native Mel C. Thompson uses Harbor Boulevard as the main backdrop for their novel "Harbor Boulevard".
References
Streets in Los Angeles County, California
Streets in Orange County, California
Boulevards in the United States
U.S. Route 101
Sork Ale (also known as Asdaga or Sorcali) is a sicilic stratovolcano located in the Danakil Horst at the southern end of the Danakil Alps near the Ethiopia/Eritrea border. It makes up part of the Bidu volcanic complex (with the Nabro Volcano, Bara Ale and Mallahle).
The volcano has scoria cones suggesting Strombolian eruptions. At the top of the volcano is a 1 km wide 300m steep sided caldera there are satellite vents on the south east flank. The volcano lies on the western end of lava field.
References
Stratovolcanoes of Ethiopia
Mountains of Ethiopia
Calderas of Ethiopia
Viktoriya Oleksandrivna Maksyuta or Victoria Maxiuta (; born 15 November 1981) is a former pair skater. Competing with Vladislav Zhovnirski for Russia, they became the 1996 World Junior champion, 1997 Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion, 1998 Skate America bronze medalist, and 1999 Winter Universiade champion. They later represented Russia and Ukraine with Vitali Dubina.
Career
Partnership with Zhovnirski
Maxiuta began appearing internationally with Vladislav Zhovnirski in 1993, representing Russia. They were awarded gold at the 1996 World Junior Championships, held from November to December 1995 in Brisbane, Australia.
The pair's first senior international medal, gold, came at the Ondrej Nepela Memorial in September 1996. Maxiuta/Zhovnirski went on to take bronze at the 1997 World Junior Championships, held in November 1996 in Seoul, South Korea; bronze at the 1998 World Junior Championships in December 1997 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada; and silver at the 1997–98 Junior Series Final in March 1998 in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Maxiuta/Zhovnirski began the 1998–99 season with gold medals at both of their Junior Grand Prix assignments – in Sofia, Bulgaria, and Chemnitz, Germany – before winning bronze at a senior Grand Prix event, the 1998 Skate America. In November 1998, the pair stepped onto the World Junior Championship podium for the fourth consecutive year, taking bronze in Zagreb, Croatia. In January 1999, they outscored Pang Qing / Tong Jian for gold at the Winter Universiade in Žilina, Slovakia. In March, they took bronze at the Junior Grand Prix Final in Detroit. The pair was coached by Nina Mozer.
Partnership with Dubina
In the 1999–2000 season, Maxiuta competed with Vitali Dubina for Russia. They were awarded gold at the 1999 Ondrej Nepela Memorial and bronze at the 1999 Golden Spin of Zagreb before placing sixth at the 2000 Russian Championships.
Deciding to switch to Ukraine, the pair won two consecutive silver medals at the Ukrainian Championships and competed at two Grand Prix events, placing 8th at the 2001 Sparkassen Cup on Ice and 6th at the 2001 Cup of Russia. They were coached by Dmitri Shkidchenko in Kyiv.
Programs
With Dubina
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Dubina for Ukraine and Russia
With Zhovnirski for Russia
References
External links
Navigation
Ukrainian female pair skaters
Russian female pair skaters
Sportspeople from Kyiv
1981 births
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
Actionable Offenses: Indecent Phonograph Recordings from the 1890s is a compilation of jokes and stories recorded to wax cylinders during the 1890s. At the time the recordings were made, they were considered indecent, and nearly all similar recordings from this era have been destroyed, often by law. The compilation was assembled by Patrick Feaster and David Giovannoni, and released on Archeophone Records, an archival reissue label, in 2007. It received two Grammy Award nominations.
Historical background
By the 1890s, phonograph machines became common in public places, and were found in American cities at county fairs, public halls, saloons, and department stores. In many places, such as bars and taverns, patrons could place money into a coin slot and choose a recording to listen to, like a jukebox. Some establishments began placing cylinders of a sexually explicit nature into their machines during this decade, and local authorities often took steps to remove the cylinders from use and charge those responsible under indecency statutes. In New York City, Anthony Comstock and their Society for the Suppression of Vice spent several years investigating cases of indecent material in phonograph booths throughout the city. In 1899, Comstock succeeded in pushing through a statute specifically criminalizing the distribution and airing, public or private, of recorded material which used profanity or sexually explicit language; as a result, most of those in the business of making such records ceased to do so after 1900.
In addition to commercial recordings, the advent of home recording also allowed for the creation of obscene or sexually explicit recordings. Such machines were available by the 1890s, and the ability to use the machine to record such material was actually used as a selling point by some purveyors of home recording machines.
Assembly of the compilation
The recordings on the album comprise two collections of cylinders: the Walter Miller Collection and the Bruce R. Young Collection. The Walter Miller Collection was compiled by the manager of Thomas Edison's commercial apparatus until 1937, and their collection of commercial recordings was preserved by the Edison National Historic Site from the 1950s. The latter collection was purchased by a collector in 1997, and consisted of what are probably home recordings. Both of the collections are presented in their entirety on the compilation; tracks 1–14 are the Miller Collection and tracks 15–43 are the Young collection. The Miller Collection was digitized in November 2006.
Performers
Cal Stewart
Cal Stewart (c. 1856 – 1919) began their career in vaudeville after injuring their hand and foot working on a railroad. by 1895 they were performing in New York City at the Union Square Theatre, and in 1897 they made their first phonograph recordings. Stewart was best known for their monologues depicting stereotypical "rubes" and "Yankees". Working extensively as a performer and recorder up to the time of their death in 1919, they became a nationally celebrated humorist. The curators of the collection identified Stewart as the most likely performer of the first two tracks of the disc.
Russell Hunting
Russell Hunting (1864–1943) worked as a stage manager for a Boston theater, and recorded comedy routines centering on stereotypical Irish Americans from the early 1890s. Their recurring character "Michael Casey" became a centerpiece of their comedy and was widely imitated. Hunting was actually arrested by Anthony Comstock in June 1896, and served three months in prison as a result; they returned to the recording business upon their release, but emigrated to England in 1898. There they continued using the Casey routines to great success and worked as a recording executive. The curators of the collection identified Hunting as the most likely performer of tracks 3–11.
James H. White
James H. White (1872–1944) was the manager of the motion picture wing of Thomas Edison's business from 1896 to 1903. Concomitantly, they took over the recording of the "Michael Casey" sketches after Hunting was arrested. After 1903 White moved to England and managed portions of Edison's businesses there. The curators of the collection identified White as the most likely performer of tracks 12–14.
Critical reception
Archeophone Records issued the compilation to CD in 2007 with extensively researched liner notes. The New York Times noted the compilation's historical importance and noted that the jokes "still kill" more than 100 years after being recorded. NPR noted that the compilation was "as lewd and often obscene as anything Howard Stern has to offer." Metro noted in jest, "Some of this material would get you arrested, even today". The compilation was nominated for two Grammy awards, for Best Album Notes and Best Historical Album.
Track listing
Believed to be by Cal Stewart
1. "Learning a City Gal How to Milk"
2. "The Tapeworm Story"
By an Unknown Performer, Possibly Russell Hunting
3–4. "Gimlet's Soliloquy/The Rascal Detector" (by "Manly Tempest")
5. "The Whore's Union"
6–7. "Boarding the Folsom/A Few Conundrums"
Believed to Be By Russell Hunting
8. "Out of Order" (by "Charley Smith of Kankakee")
9. "Did They Charge Too Much"
10. "Reilly as a Policeman" (by "Charley Smith of New York City")
11. "Slim Hadley on a Racket" (by "Willy Fathand of New York City")
Believed to Be By James White
12. "Slim Hadley on a Racket" (by "Willy Brown")
13. "Michael Casey Exhibiting Their Panorama" (by "Willy Smith")
14. "Dennis Reilly at Maggie Murphy's Home After Nine O'Clock" (by "Willy Brown")
By an Unknown Performer, Probably Home Recordings
15–16. Young Cylinder A: "Stroll on Capitol Hill/A Hard Head"
17. Young Cylinder B: "The Virtues of Raw Oysters"
18–25. Young Cylinder C: "Jokes, Riddles, Verses, a Limerick, and a Toast"
26–34. Young Cylinder D: "More Verses and Jokes"
35–38. Young Cylinder E: "The Lady's Friend/A Song/The Irishman's Prayer/A Joke"
39–42. Young Cylinder F: "Verses and Songs"
43. Young Cylinder G: Poem: "I Sit Here, Thinking, Will, of You"
References
2007 compilation albums
2000s spoken word albums
Off-color humor
Archeophone Records compilation albums
Reissue albums
Dystasia bella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1940
Freshlocal Solutions Inc. is an online grocer, wholesale distributor, store operator and software licensing company based in Vancouver. The company was founded as Small Potatoes Urban Delivery in 1997. In September 2021 Freshlocal went under new executive leadership which resulted in key leadership changeover and in May 2022 it filled for Bankruptcy protection.
Sustainable Produce Urban Delivery
Sustainable Produce Urban Delivery, or SPUD.ca, is an online grocery service operating in British Columbia and Alberta that predominantly focuses on selling organic groceries.
Be Fresh Local Markets
In August 2015, Spud.ca opened its first retail store and café, located in the Kitsilano neighbourhood of Vancouver. The stores are located in urban areas and carry a limited amount of products, in addition to ready-made meals. The stores also serve as an order pick-up point for online orders. Most locations are owned by Spud.ca; however, the company has partnered with existing small format retailers in Vancouver and provides these retailers with distribution.
Food-X
Food-X is a subsidiary of Spud which operates the back-end operations, warehousing, and fulfillment of grocery items on behalf of partner retailers. They operate a 74,000-square-foot warehouse in Burnaby to fulfill orders to Metro Vancouver residents. In February 2018, Walmart announced that Food-X would handle their e-commerce grocery platform in Vancouver.
Blush Lane
Blush Lane Organic Market is a grocery store chain in Alberta, acquired by Spud in 2017.
References
Further reading
Online grocers
Online retailers of Canada
Supermarkets of Canada
Retail companies established in 1997
Food and drink companies based in Vancouver
1997 establishments in British Columbia
B Lab-certified corporations
Companies formerly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Powerdrome is a 1988 futuristic racing video game by Michael Powell released on the Atari ST and published by Electronic Arts. Players race jet-engined, anti-gravity bikes called blades around closed tracks. Ports for Amiga and MS-DOS were released in 1989 and 1990 respectively. A remake was released in 2004.
Gameplay
The game includes six tracks, set across five planets. The road-equivalent turning method of yaw is not present, meaning a right turn is achieved by rolling to the right and pitching up. Control is very sensitive but allows use of the mouse for greater accuracy. Gameplay is complicated by the need to equip gas filters to cope with each planet's atmosphere and weather, with further choices to be made over types of fuel.
Control was improved for the Amiga release in 1989 and an extra track made available. A version on the PC in 1990 was soon followed by a re-release on all formats.
Reception
Released as a budget game, Powerdrome received good reviews, with a few remembering the original and its influence on the futuristic racing genre. All were impressed with the smooth sensation of speed and detailed environments, although the music was considered lackluster and the pilots' voices annoying.
Remake
A remake known as Power Drome was released for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox in June 2004. A Microsoft Windows version was released in August 2005 only in Europe. It was developed by Argonaut Sheffield, for whom Powell was studio head. Mud Duck Productions published the game in North America, Evolved Games in Europe and the PC version was published by Zoo Digital Publishing. Venues for racing still only number six, but reverse and mirrored courses bring the total of unique routes to 24. The previous version's customisation was completely dropped in favour of a focus on racing skill.
References
External links
1988 video games
2004 video games
Amiga games
Argonaut Games games
Atari ST games
DOS games
Electronic Arts games
Science fiction racing games
PlayStation 2 games
Racing video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games scored by Christopher Mann
Windows games
Xbox games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Saints and Sinners LGBTQ+ Literary Festival is an alternative literary festival specializing in LGBTQ+ literature. It is held in various locations around the French Quarter neighborhood in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana each March.
Overview
Founded by Paul J. Willis in 2003 as a way to promote information about HIV and AIDS in literature, Saints and Sinners has since expanded to include works of fiction and nonfiction relating to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender issues. The Festival provides a forum for the dissemination of ideas and promotes those writers and publishers within the community who have successfully brought the issues of LGBTQ+ individuals to the forefront. Workshops and discussion panels are hosted where authors can discuss their works for future and emerging authors as well as fans.
The festival launched the Jim Duggins Outstanding Mid-Career Novelists' Prize, a prize to honor a noted LGBTQ+ writer's body of work, in 2007. The award was subsequently taken over by the Lambda Literary Awards program in 2011.
Past participants in the Saints and Sinners Literary Festival include Dorothy Allison, Poppy Z. Brite, Patrick Califia, 1999 Pulitzer Prize-winner Michael Cunningham, 2008 National Book Award winner Mark Doty, Amie M. Evans, Jewelle Gomez, Emanuel Xavier, Greg Herren, William J. Mann, Jeff Mann, Martin Pousson, Radclyffe, Michelle Tea, and Scissor Sisters frontman Jake Shears, among many others.
Saints and Sinners benefits the NO/AIDS Task Force and was designed as an innovative way to reach the community with information about HIV/AIDS, particularly the development of prevention messages via the writers, thinkers, and spokespeople of the LGBTQ+ community. Participants provide support to the literary community, the NO/AIDS Task Force, and the economy of the City of New Orleans.
The Tennessee Williams/ New Orleans Literary Festival coordinates the event and provides the staff and resources to make the Saints and Sinners LGBTQ+ Literary Festival possible. In addition, The Haworth Press Inc. serves as a major sponsor of Saints and Sinners.
In 2020, this festival went on hiatus. In 2021 the festival was virtual. In 2022 the festival resumed fully in-person.
References
External links
Saints and Sinners Literary Festival website
LGBT festivals in the United States
LGBT literature in the United States
Festivals established in 2002
Literary festivals in the United States
Festivals in New Orleans
Tourist attractions in New Orleans
2002 establishments in Louisiana
LGBT culture in Louisiana
LGBT literary festivals
Jan Keizer (born 3 April 1949 in Volendam) is a Dutch singer and composer, best known as one of the singers of the popband BZN.
Career
Keizer began their career in music as a drummer with the band Empty Hearts, which they renamed the Q-tips two years later, after the main guitar player left, and turned it into a close-harmony band. By the late 1960s Keizer joined BZN to replace their drummer, Jaap Sombroek. When the band's lead singer, Jan Veerman, left in 1974 Keizer replaced him.
In 2007, they disbanded BZN. In 2008, they released another solo album Give me your smile. Their sixth solo album Chords of Life was released in 2009.
In January 2010, they were on the jury for the TROS singing competition Sterren.nl Academy.
Since then, Keizer has reunited with BZN's singer Anny Schilder.
References
External links
Jan Keizer profile at the BZN Online
1949 births
Living people
Dutch pop singers
People from Volendam
Nebraska Highway 35 is a highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Nebraska. It has a western terminus in Norfolk at U.S. Highway 275 and Nebraska Highway 24 and an eastern terminus at U.S. Highway 77 and U.S. Highway 75 at Dakota City. The highway serves as a connector between Norfolk and Sioux City, Iowa.
Route description
Nebraska Highway 35 begins in the southeastern portion of Norfolk at US 275 and NE 24. It goes north on an old alignment of US 275 briefly, then turns northeast to go out of Norfolk into farmland. It passes through Hoskins, then goes due east. It makes a 90-degree turn north, passes by Winside, then turns east again at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 98. It continues east through Wayne, then at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 16, turns north again. It passes through Wakefield, then turns east at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 9. The two highways overlap for several miles, then when NE 9 separates, NE 35 goes northeasterly. It passes through Hubbard, then turns east and ends at a four way stop on the southwestern edge of Dakota City at an intersection with U.S. Highway 75 and U.S. Highway 77.
Major intersections
References
External links
Nebraska Roads: NE 21-40
035
Transportation in Madison County, Nebraska
Transportation in Stanton County, Nebraska
Transportation in Wayne County, Nebraska
Transportation in Dixon County, Nebraska
Transportation in Dakota County, Nebraska
Avan Chandiyude Makan is a 2007 Indian Malayalam-language film produced by Nirmal Roy G M, written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by Thulasidas. The film stars Prithviraj Sukumaran and Vijayaraghavan with a musical score by Sanjeev Lal. This film was released along with the Tamil film Pokkiri.
Cast
Prithviraj Sukumaran as Kurien Chandy Sebastian
Vijayaraghavan as Thattekkadu Chandy Ouda Sebastian
Sridevika as Sobha Pillai
Usha as Kochurani Chandy Sebastian
Rekha as Elikutti Chandy Sebastian
Sona Nair as Susanna Chandy Sebastian
Augustine as Kunjariya
Anil Murali as SI Hari
P. Sreekumar as Const. Soman Pillai
Kalasala Babu as Peralithanam Kunjukoch
Baburaj as Peralithanam Sonichen
Kundara Johny as Bhargavan M.L.A
Shobha Mohan as Vasundhara
Sadiq as Paul Chakko
Aniyappan as Azhakappan
Cochin Haneefa as Chakko
Narayanankutty as Prahladan
Spadikam George as C. I Shivandan
Captain Raju - Cameo Appearance
Vakkom Jayalal - Cameo Appearance
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Sanjeev Lal and shot in Kochi and Karnataka. lyrics were written by Gireesh Puthenchery.
References
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Thulasidas
Porta Santo Spirito is one of the gates of the Leonine walls in Rome (Italy). It rises on the back side of the Hospital of the same name, in Via dei Penitenzieri, close to the crossing with Piazza della Rovere.
History
It is one of the most ancient gates in the wall surrounding the Vatican, as it is contemporary to the building of the walls of Pope Leo IV, around 850.
Although it was the only direct connection between St. Peter's Basilica and the area of Trastevere (through Porta Settimiana), as well as the access to Via Aurelia nova, it was opened at first as a secondary passage.
Its former name was Posterula Saxonum (Postern of the Saxons). In effect, in 727 King Ine of Wessex, after having abdicated, moved to Rome, where they founded a Schola Saxonum (whose purpose was to provide a Catholic instruction to English clergy and nobles), together with a church and a graveyard. Saxon presence in the area is attested until the end of 12th century, when King Lohn Lackland assigned the complex of the Schola to the building of the Church of Santa Maria in Saxia (now Church of Santo Spirito in Sassia) and of the still existing Hospital, whose foundations were settled in 794. On that occasion Pope Innocent III also modified the name of the gate, giving it the present one.
The structure withstood several restorations and enlargements. A remarkable one was probably carried out at the beginning of the 15th century, maybe by Pope Gregory XII, given that the gate is called Porta Nuova (Italian for "New Gate") in a document dated 1409. At the beginning of the following century, Pope Alexander VI substantially modified this gate, together with other ones, as well as the surrounding wall; finally, about forty years later, Pope Paul III also made some interventions, using the advice and services of such engineers as Michelangelo and Antonio da Sangallo the Younger. A new fear of raids by Saracen pirates, as well as the modern poliorcetic techniques suggesting a massive use of artilleries, persuaded Paul III to modernize the walls, giving them significant defensive characteristics.
With regards to the well-known contrast between the two artists, it is said that the works of the gate were based on a beautiful design by Sangallo and Buonarroti (who completed them after the death of the colleague, but in a hasty and rough way), since they could not demolish it, made some detrimental interventions to tarnish the work of the rival, as well as to take revenge for the merciless criticisms they received for their own design of Porta Pia.
Presently the gate shows indeed an unfinished aspect (especially in the upper part) with empty niches, and is almost hidden by the imposing Sangallo's bastion rising in the vicinity. Moreover, a century later the gate had already lost its function (just like Porta Settimiana), as it was included within the larger circle of the Janiculum walls, and there was no need to complete it.
Notes
Bibliography
Mauro Quercioli, "Le mura e le porte di Roma", Newton Compton, 1982
Laura G. Cozzi, “Le porte di Roma”, F. Spinosi Ed., Rome, 1968
External links
Santo Spirito
Rome R. XIV Borgo
Conceived by Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy, the 1961 McCloy–Zorin Accords between the United States and the Soviet Union established a foundation or "roadmap" for all future negotiations and international treaties with regard to nuclear and general and complete disarmament under effective international control. Effectively aiming at abolishing war as an institution, it was unanimously passed by the UN General Assembly on December 20.
The McCloy–Zorin Accords provided far-reaching measures. The Agreed Principles for General and Complete Disarmament, as they were also known, emphatically declared that war should "no longer [be] an instrument for settling international problems;" "general and complete disarmament" was to be "accompanied by the establishment of reliable procedures for the peaceful settlement of disputes." The agreement also called for the "dismantling of military establishments … cessation of the production of armaments … elimination of all stockpiles of nuclear, chemical, bacteriological and other weapons of mass destructions [and] … discontinuance of military expenditures." Member States were expected to make "agreed manpower" available to the United Nations, such as would be "necessary for an international peace force."
In Britain the trend was viewed with favor, its Foreign and Commonwealth Office apparently being happy "to see much in common between the Russian and the American plans," and aiming at "a master plan of our own, which would lead to the physical destruction of weapons, beginning now, and going on until the business is complete..." In 1963 Mr. Harold Wilson, speaking for the Labour Party in an address to the Fabian Society said that they would like to "establish a separate Ministry of Disarmament."
References
External links
McCloy-Zorin Accords online
The United States Program for General and Complete Disarmament in a Peaceful World online
Nuclear weapons policy
Treaties concluded in 1961
Soviet Union–United States treaties
1961 in the Soviet Union
United Nations General Assembly resolutions
Arms control treaties
Nuclear technology treaties
Steve Bingham may refer to:
Steve Bingham (bassist), English bass guitarist
Stephen Bingham (born 1942), attorney
Steve Bingham (violinist), English violinist and conductor
The red-faced barbet (Lybius rubrifacies) is a species of bird in the African barbet family Lybiidae.
It is found in Burundi, Rwanda, Northwest Tanzania, and Southwest Uganda.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, and arable land.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
This barbet is one of the smallest of the Lybius species at only in length. It has red coloring on the side of the face and around the eye, but is black on the dorsal side of the head. Its entire body is black and its wings are streaked with yellow. This type of barbet is sexually monomorphic, meaning that both the males and females are generally similar in morphology, size and behavior.
Bird Calls
This species is one that does utilize duets in order to communicate with mates and other individuals. Duet singing is intricately timed and can be quite complex. It also takes the birds a while to develop their own personal version of a particular song. The duet repertoire hardly varies and it uses antiphonal duets in pairs. The two birds in the pair each have two distinct sexual duet roles after the greeting ceremony. Duets sung in pairs are crucial for the establishment and holding of a territory. In order for these barbets to hold a territory and breed, they must find a suitable barbet mate in their species to synchronize in duets with.
References
red-faced barbet
Birds of East Africa
red-faced barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cummins is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert Baird Cummins (1850–1926), U.S. political figure
Alva M. Cummins (1869–1946), American lawyer
Anderson Cummins (born 1966), Canadian international cricketer
Andrew J. Cummins (1868–1923), U.S. Medal of Honor recipient
Brendan Cummins (Tipperary hurler) (born 1975), Irish hurling player
Christopher C. Cummins, an American chemist currently the Henry Dreyfus Professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Clessie Cummins (1888–1968), U.S. founder of Cummins Engine Co.
Diane Cummins (born 1974), Canadian athlete
Francis Cummins (born 1976), English rugby league player
Frank Cummins (disambiguation)
George Baker Cummins (1904-2007), American mycologist
George David Cummins (1822–1876), American bishop and founder of the Reformed Episcopal Church
Gordon Cummins (1914-1942), English murderer
Harold Cummins (1893–1976), father of Dermatoglyphics
Hugh Gordon Cummins (1891–1970), Barbadian politician
Ida L. Cummins (1853–1918), American women's rights and children's rights activist
J. David Cummins, American economist
James Cummins (disambiguation)
Jeanine Cummins, American author
Jim Cummins (professor), Canadian academic
Jim Cummins (ice hockey) (born 1970), retired professional U.S. ice hockey player
Joel Cummins, American musician
John Cummins, a number of people including:
John Cummins (union organiser) (1948–2006), Australian
John Cummins (Canadian politician) (born 1942), Canadian politician
John Adams Cummins (1835–1913), Hawaiian business person and politician
John Stephen Cummins, American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Jonathan Cummins, Canadian musician and record producer
Judith Cummins, British Labour Party politician, Member of Parliament (MP) for Bradford South since May 2015
Kenneth Cummins, British veteran of the First World War
Light Townsend Cummins, educator and historian
Maria Susanna Cummins (1827–1866), American author
Martin Cummins, Canadian Actor
Maurice Cummins, Irish politician
Micky Cummins (born 1978), Irish association football (soccer) player
Miguel Cummins (born 1990), Barbadian cricketer
Nick Cummins (born 1987), Australian rugby union player
Pat Cummins (born 1993), Australian international cricketer
Patrick Cummins (fighter) (born 1980), American mixed martial artist
Patrick Cummins (politician) (1921–2009), Irish politician
Patrick Cummins (piper), Irish piper and tutor
Paul Cummins, English ceramic artist
Paul Cummins (basketball) (born 1984), Irish basketball player
Peggy Cummins (1925–2017), British actor
Ray Cummins, Irish player of hurling and Gaelic Football
Ryan Cummins, English cricketer
Talitha Cummins, Australian journalist
William Cummins (rugby union), Wales international rugby union player
William Cummins (Irish politician)
William Patrick Cummins, Australian politician
See also
Cummings (surname)
Commins (surname)
William Purves (4 July 1888 – 18 September 1964) was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
They played for Cambridge University.
They played for London Scottish.
Provincial career
They played for Anglo-Scots district against Provinces District on 26 December 1908, while still with Cambridge University.
They played for Whites Trial against Blues Trial on 6 January 1912.
They played for Blues Trial against Whites Trial on 18 January 1913.
International career
They were capped six times for between 1912 and 1913.
Family
They were the brother of Alex Purves who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1888 births
1964 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
London Scottish F.C. players
Whites Trial players
Blues Trial players
Rugby union players from London
Scottish Exiles (rugby union) players
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
Rugby union locks
Soteriology (; "salvation" from σωτήρ "savior, preserver" and λόγος "study" or "word") is the study of religious doctrines of salvation. Salvation theory occupies a place of special significance in many religions. In the academic field of religious studies, soteriology is understood by scholars as representing a key theme in a number of different religions and is often studied in a comparative context; that is, comparing various ideas about what salvation is and how it is obtained.
Buddhism
Buddhism is devoted primarily to liberation from Duḥkha or suffering by breaking free of samsara, the cycle of compulsory rebirth, by attaining nirvana. Many types of Buddhism, Theravada, Mahayana and Vajrayana (or Tantric), emphasize an individual's meditation and subsequent liberation from samsara, which is to become enlightened.
However, the Pure Land traditions of Mahayana Buddhism generally focus on the saving nature of the Celestial Buddha Amitābha. In Mahayana Buddhist eschatology, it is believed that we are currently living in the Latter Day of the Law, a period of 10,000 years where the corrupt nature of the people means the teachings of the Buddha are not listened to. Before this era, the bodhisattva Amitābha made 48 vows, including the vow to accept all sentient beings that called to him, to allow them to take refuge in their Pure land and to teach them the pure dharma. It is therefore considered ineffective to trust in personal meditational and even monastic practices, but to only trust in the primal vow of Amitābha.
Christianity
In Christianity, salvation, also called "deliverance" or "redemption", is the saving of human beings from sin and its consequences. Variant views on salvation are among the main lines dividing the various Christian denominations, being a point of disagreement between Eastern Orthodoxy, Roman Catholicism and Protestantism, as well as within Protestantism, notably in the Calvinist–Arminian debate. These lines include conflicting definitions of depravity, predestination, atonement, and most pointedly, justification. Christian soteriology ranges from exclusive salvation to universal reconciliation concepts.
While some of the differences are as widespread as Christianity itself, the overwhelming majority agrees that salvation is made possible by the life, crucifixion, death, and resurrection of Jesus.
Hinduism
Soteriology is discussed in Hinduism through its principle of moksha, also called nirvana or kaivalya. "In India", wrote Mircea Eliade, "metaphysical knowledge always has a soteriological purpose." Moksha refers to freedom from saṃsāra, the cycle of death and rebirth. There are various principles and practices that can lead to the state of moksha including the Vedas and the Tantras being the basic scriptures for guidance along with many others like Upanishads, Puranas and more.
Islam
Muslims believe that everyone is responsible for their own actions. So even though Muslims believe that Adam and Hawwa (Eve), the parents of humanity, committed a sin by eating from the forbidden tree and thus disobeyed God, they believe that humankind is not responsible for such an action. They believe that God (Allah) is fair and just and one should request forgiveness from them to avoid being punished for not doing what God asked of them and for listening to Satan. Muslims believe that they, as well as everyone else, are vulnerable to making mistakes and thus they need to seek repentance repeatedly at all times.
Muhammad said, "By Allah, I seek the forgiveness of Allah and I turn to Him in repentance more than seventy times each day." (Narrated by al-Bukhaari, no. 6307) God wants their servants to repent and forgives them, they rejoice over it, as Muhammad said: "When a person repents, Allah rejoices more than one of you who found their camel after they lost it in the desert." (Agreed upon. Narrated by al-Bukhaari, no. 6309) Islamic tradition has generally held that it is relatively straightforward to enter Jannah (Paradise). In the Quran, God says: "If you avoid the great sins you have been forbidden, We shall wipe out your minor misdeeds and let you through the entrance of honor [Paradise]."
Jainism
In Jainism, the soteriological concept is moksha, but it is explained differently than the similar term found in Hinduism. Moksha is a blissful state of existence of a soul, completely free from the karmic bondage, free from saṃsāra, the cycle of birth and death. It is the highest state of existence of a soul, even higher than the gods living in heavens. In the state of moksha, a soul enjoys infinite bliss, infinite knowledge and infinite perception. This state is achieved through realisation of self and achieving a completely desireless and unattached state.
Judaism
In contemporary Judaism, redemption (Hebrew ge'ulah) is God's redeeming the people of Israel from their various exiles. This includes the final redemption from the present exile. Judaism holds that adherents do not need personal salvation, as Christians believe. Jews do not believe in original sin. Instead, they place a high value on individual morality as defined in the law of God—embodied in what Jews know as the Torah or The Law, given to Moses by God on Mount Sinai, the summary of which is comprised in the Ten Commandments. The Jewish sage Hillel the Elder states that The Law can be further compressed in just one line, popularly known as the Golden Rule: "That which is hateful to you, do not do unto your fellow".
In Judaism, salvation is closely related to the idea of redemption, saving from the states or circumstances that destroy the value of human existence. God, like the universal spirit and creator of the world, is the source of all salvation for humanity, provided an individual honors God by observing their precepts. So redemption or salvation depends on the individual. Judaism stresses that salvation cannot be obtained through anyone else or by just invoking a deity or believing in any outside power or influence.
Some passages in Jewish religious texts assert that no afterlife exists, even for the good and just, with the Book of Ecclesiastes telling the faithful: "The dead know nothing. They have no reward and even the memory of them is lost." For many centuries, rabbis and Jewish laypeople have often wrestled with such passages.
Mystery religions
In the mystery religions, salvation was less worldly and communal, and a more mystical belief concerned with the continued survival of the individual soul after death. Some savior gods associated with this theme are dying-and-rising gods, often associated with the seasonal cycle, such as Osiris, Tammus, Adonis, and Dionysus. A complex of soteriological beliefs was also a feature of the cult of Cybele and Attis.
The similarity of themes and archetypes to religions found in antiquity to later Christianity has been pointed out by many authors, including the Fathers of the early Christian church. One view is that early Christianity borrowed these myths and motifs from contemporary Hellenistic mystery religions, which possessed ideas such as life-death-rebirth deities and sexual relations between gods and human beings. While Christ myth theory is not accepted by mainstream historians, proponents attempt to establish causal connections to the cults of Mithras, Dionysus, and Osiris among others.
Epicurean philosophy
More than a century after the establishment of the Garden, the school in which Epicurus taught philosophy, some people in the Roman world were calling Epicurus their Savior. The most prominent soul saved by Epicurus was the Roman Empress Pompeia Plotina. Lucretius, author of De Rerum Natura, also depicts the salvific power of philosophy, and of their Scholarch Epicurus, by employing literary devices like the "Broken Jar parable" (where the Scholarch is credited with helping mortals to easily enjoy pleasure), poetry, and imagery.
The salvation of Epicurus has no otherworldly connotations whatsoever. Judging from their Principal Doctrines and Letter to Menoeceus, they salve their disciples from supernatural fears and excessive desires for what is not natural and gives their disciples clear ethical guidelines that lead to happiness. Lucretius says Epicurus has set the boundaries for the limits of nature. Their followers in Roman times developed Epicurus into a cultural hero and revered them as the founding figure of their School, and as the first to have developed a fully naturalistic cosmology that emancipated mortals from all fear-based superstition.
Sikhism
Sikhism advocates the pursuit of salvation through disciplined, personal meditation on the Naam Japo (name) and message of God, meant to bring one into union with God. But a person's state of mind has to be detached from this world, with the understanding that this world is a temporary abode and their soul has to remain untouched by pain, pleasure, greed, emotional attachment, praise, slander, and above all, egotistical pride. Thus their thoughts and deeds become nirmal or pure, and they merge with God or attain union with God, just as a drop of water falling from the skies merges with the ocean.
Other religions
Shinto and Tenrikyo similarly emphasize working for a good life by cultivating virtue or virtuous behavior.
In an age that still saw salvation as primarily collective - based on the religion of the family, clan, or state - rather than the emerging province of the individual (as popularized by Buddhism and the mystery religions such as Mithraism) and Hellenistic ruler cults from about 300 BCE sometimes promoted the revering of a king as the savior of their people. Prominent examples included Ptolemy I Soter of Egypt and the Seleucids Antiochus I Soter and Demetrius I Soter. In the Egyptian context, the deification of a ruler was built on traditional pharaonic religious ideas.
See also
Comparative religion
Salvation
References
Further reading
John McIntyre, Shape of Soteriology: Studies in the Doctrine of the Death of Christ, T&T Clark, 1992.
Theology
Bostwick is a historic home located a short distance below Lowndes Hill, the present-day property of Bladensburg Elementary School in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. According to its date plaque, it was built in 1746 by Christopher Lowndes (1713-1785). The house was later the home of Lowndes' son-in-law, Benjamin Stoddert (1751-1813), first Secretary of the Navy. Colonel Thomas H. Barclay (Tory in the American Revolution; brother-in-law of Lt. Colonel Beverly Robinson; first British consul appointed in New York after the peace of 1783; British agent for prisoners of war in War of 1812) resided at "Bostwick," the oldest surviving structure at Bladensburg. Located nearby is the Market Master's House, also built by Lowndes.
Bostwick is a -story brick structure laid up in Flemish bond. A basement and ground level lies under the entire house. The gable roof, with dormer windows, is slightly belled at the eaves. The main (west) facade is five bays with a central doorway. A one-story porch extends across the front, and the pedimented central bay of the porch projects forward. "C.L. 1746" in wrought lead painted black is embedded high in the south chimney. Also on the south side is a distinctive buttress added about 1800 by Stoddert, who was concerned about a crack in the wall on that side of the house. At the base of the buttress are two dungeons or cells. A gable-roofed common bond brick detached kitchen stands northeast of the house. Southeast of the house are several 19th century outbuildings and a barn.
Bostwick was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The house suffered damage to the north chimney and roof in the August 2011 east coast earthquake. In 2012, Preservation Maryland placed Bostwick on its list of threatened historic properties.
References
External links
, including photo in 1997, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Bladensburg, Maryland
Basclay Humberto Zapata Reyes (22 October 1946, in Chillán – 3 December 2017, in Santiago) was a Chilean military officer and agent of the secret police of Augusto Pinochet.
Biography
They entered the army in 1965 in a regiment in the area of Chillán, where they reached the degree of corporal. In 1974 Zapata was commissioned to the Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional, DINA, where they became part of the Halcón I Group, dedicated to the repression of the Movement of the Revolutionary Left (MIR). They were under the orders of Miguel Krassnoff and worked alongside Osvaldo Romo. They were nicknamed "El Troglo" reportedly because they used to rape detainees.
During that time they married fellow agent María Teresa Osorio, alias "Marisol" and "María Soledad", who worked at Villa Grimaldi. In 1992 they were promoted to sergeant and was assigned to the DINE, also doing teaching work in the NCO School.
They were prosecuted for several cases of human rights violations . They were responsible for the death of Eulogio del Carmen Fritz Monsalve, participated in the capture of Diana Arón Svigilisky and was, together with Romo, responsible for the disappearance of Alfonso Chanfreau Oyarce.
In May 2007, they were sentenced to 10 years in prison for the kidnappings of the brothers Hernán Galo and María Elena González Inostroza and of Elsa Leuthner Muñoz and Ricardo Troncoso Muñoz, detained by the DINA in a department of calle Bueras 172, in the commune from Santiago. In June 2007, they entered the penal center of Punta Peuco, where they were held until their death. They served three years for the kidnapping of the missing Manuel Cortez Joo, and twenty years for several other disappearances.
Last years and death
In 2016, Zapata wrote letters to the families of some of their victims, asking for forgiveness. They died of cancer on 3 December 2017 in Punta Peuco prison.
References
1946 births
2017 deaths
Chilean Army officers
People of the Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional
Prisoners and detainees of Chile
Chilean anti-communists
Deaths from cancer in Chile
People from Chillán
The Collegiate Ice Hockey Association or CIHA was a national organization of non-NCAA, men's college and university level ice hockey programs. The CIHA took over where the National Association of Intercollegiate Hockey left off. The CIHA is now referred to as the National Collegiate Hockey Association. All of the records starting from the NAIH will carry over to the NCHA.
History
The NAIH was formed as an alternative to the American Collegiate Hockey Association in 2011 with the philosophy that there should be an option for college hockey teams that want a lower cost for membership combined with the highest level of competition possible. In the spring of 2013, the NAIH merged with the USCHA which created the CIHA.
See also
National Collegiate Hockey Association
National Association of Intercollegiate Hockey
American Collegiate Hockey Association
References
College club sports associations in the United States
College ice hockey in the United States
Ice hockey governing bodies in the United States
The State Committee for City Building and Architecture () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Azerbaijan in charge of regulating the urban construction and development and overseeing architectural activities in Azerbaijan. The Committee is headed by Anar Guliyev.
History
The committee was established on February 28, 2006 on the basis of State Construction and Architecture Committee which was abolished on the same day and its component entities of Azərdövlətsənayelayihə State Design Institute, State Appraisal Department were transferred to the Ministry of Emergency Situations. On April 4, 2007, in accordance with the Presidential Decree No. 2081, Abbas Alasgarov was appointed as its chairperson.
Structure
The committee is headed by the Chairman of the collegium of six members which include the chairperson of Nakhichevan AR Committee for City Building and Architecture, chief of Administration of State Committee for City Building and Architecture, director of the Department of Architecture within the committee, director of the Department for Documentation and Compliance of Architectural Planning, director of Azərmemarlayihə State Design Institute and director of Baku State Design Institute.
Main functions of the committee are ensuring compliance of urban construction with the state policies of Azerbaijan Republic; development of the city building sector; protection and preservation of traditions of city building and national architecture; assurance of proper use of territories and their resources in cities and their surroundings; preparations of city building methodologies and manuals; assurance in increasing quality in architectural planning and design of buildings, towers and other complexes, etc.
The committee, in cooperation with Mayoralty of Baku and other executive governmental offices, also oversees preservation and storage of dismantled monuments. One of the largest projects on the committee's agenda is the development of Greater Baku, a project to be funded by the World Bank for development of Baku, Sumgayit, Absheron for the next 20 years.
Statue
The State Town Building and Architecture Committee of Azerbaijan is governed by the Constitution of Azerbaijan, Presidential decrees and orders, Cabinet of Ministers` decisions, and international treaties which are also supported by Azerbaijan. The Committee operates in association with other executive power and local self-governing bodies and non-governmental organizations.
It has an independent balance, public property, seal, treasury and bank accounts, and own title, corresponding stamps and forms. The Committee is funded by the state budget and other sources identified by legislation.
Committee`s activities and duties
The State Town Building and Architecture Committee of Azerbaijan is responsible for protection of the town building and national architectural traditions and along with corresponding executive power and local self-governing bodies the effective use of territories of towns, settlements historically formed around them taking into consideration their natural and local features.
It also assures creation of the standard-methodological support for implementation of the public town building cadastre and implementation of the town building cadastre in the way set for the republic, in parallel, development of the architectural planning and projecting solutions of buildings, establishments and their complexes;
Duties of the Committee include:
The Committee carries out the following functions in accordance with the directions defined by its Statute:
To carry out the regulatory regulation within its competence in the relevant field;
To ensure implementation of state programs and development concepts within their competence;
To ensure the fulfillment of international agreements
To carry out state control over the relevant fields in accordance with the legislation;
To improve quality, technical and economical solution level, as well as general scheme and regional schemes of territorial arrangement of the population, use of natural resources and territorial arrangements of the population of Azerbaijan, schemes and projects of district planning, general plans and detailed planning projects of urban and other settlements, etc.
To take measures together with the relevant executive authorities and self-governing bodies for the maintenance, protection and enrichment of national and historical heritage, town-planning, architectural monuments, natural-cultural landscapes and other conservation areas;
To ensure modernity and national architectural style in the renovation works carried out in the cities and districts, at newly constructed facilities;
To ensure the preparation of standards, norms and regulations in accordance with the requirements of the legislation within the scope of their competence and to give opinion on the field and business regulatory documents prepared by other enterprises and organizations in the relevant field;
To participate in the preparation of the General Plan, detailed planning, project and scientific researches of the settlements within the scope of the funds provided for these purposes in the state budget according to the legislation, in the preparation and implementation of targeted and scientific-technical programs;
To participate in the preparation of measures to protect residential areas and systems from natural disaster and incidents, together with relevant executive authorities;
To issue special permit (license), as well as to provide legal documents, in the cases and in the manner prescribed by law;
To establish appropriate regulatory and methodological framework for the organization of the State Urban Development Cadastre service, organize a single system monitoring of urban development facilities at the republican level and to create and maintain a whole State Land Cadastre Fund;
The rights of the Committee
To prepare draft or draft legislation relating to the relevant field/participate in their preparation;
To make an initiative to support the Republic of Azerbaijan in the relevant international agreements;
To approve the regulations of the local executive authorities' architectural and urban planning services in accordance with the established procedure and to approve the appointment of chief architects;
To ensure compliance with the urban planning standards in the implementation of project solutions for urban planning documentation (General plans, district and neighborhood planning, detailed planning projects, etc.) for project planning, and to coordinate all architectural and planning solutions of unique buildings and facilities realise;
To give an opinion on the allocation of the land for the restoration of the greenhouses;
To make changes in the general plan in accordance with the legislation.
To make comments on the normative legal acts on the development of the relevant fields;
To give other opinions according to the direction of activity, to make analyzes and summaries, to prepare analytical materials, to carry out scientific researches and make relevant proposals;
To take measures within the scope of its competence when the cases of violation of urban planning legislation are revealed;
To cooperate with relevant international organizations, relevant state bodies (agencies) of foreign states in the order established by the legislation, to study the relevant experience of foreign states;
To make inquiries about the necessary information (documents) to the state and local self-government bodies, physical persons and legal entities on the relevant field and receive such information (documents) from them;
To take measures and make suggestions for the preparation and training of specialists in the relevant field;
To involve independent experts and specialists in their activities in the manner prescribed by law;
To improve the scientific and technical information of the relevant field, to create a database of normative documents, information networks, websites, special bulletins and other publications in accordance with the legislation within the scope of funds provided for this purpose;
To publish normative documents on the relevant area in the amount of funds intended for this purpose;
To give advice and comments within the scope of their authority in relation to the application of norms, rules and standards in the relevant field;
Analyze and discuss the activities of the subordinate entities and make relevant decisions accordingly;
To carry out other rights stipulated by the legislation in accordance with their activities.
Departments
City Planning Department
Department of Urban Cadastre
Department of Architecture
Planning and Architectural Planning Department
Department of Economics
Project and Scientific Department
Department of City Planning and Architectural Control
Technical Regulations and Licensing Department
Engineering department
Department of International Relations and Information
Finance, Accounting
Department of Personnel, Labor and Social Affairs
Common department
Sub-organizations
Azermemarlayiha State Project
The Azermemarlayiha state project began its activity in 1930 as the Kolkhoz Cooperative Construction Bureau. Since its establishment, the main activity of the organization has been the design of important agricultural facilities, district planning projects, drawing up master plans for cities and districts, and designing public and residential buildings.
AzIMETI
The Azerbaijan Research Institute of Construction and Architecture was created on the basis of the Resolution of the Council of Ministers of the USSR dated June 13, 1984, and the Council of Ministers of the Azerbaijan SSR.
The Institute aims at developing new favorable and reliable building solutions for buildings and structures, building, studying various building structures and engineering techniques, as well as studying and strengthening buildings and structures and improving the principles of urban planning in accordance with local climatic and social conditions, studying The new progressive architecture and national traditions of architecture.
Baku State Design Institute
Baku State Design Institute was founded in 1937. Since its inception, the institute has been engaged in project activities, during which problems of urban planning were solved and schemes and projects for engineering and transport infrastructure were developed. Since 2005, the Institute is the author of the General Plan of the city of Baku. The institute's activities include regional planning projects, master plans, detailed planning projects, construction projects of residential areas, residential and civil buildings projects, engineering and communication infrastructure, environmental protection, ecology, dendrology, drainage, geodetic and geological research.
See also
Cabinet of Azerbaijan
Architecture of Azerbaijan
References
Government agencies of Azerbaijan
Government agencies established in 2006
2006 establishments in Azerbaijan
Architecture of Azerbaijan
Radio 74 Internationale is a network of Christian radio stations in the United States, broadcasting Christian talk and teaching programs as well as Christian music.
History
Radio 74's origins lie in a radio station in France, established in 1982. The first American affiliate was WHHC-LP in New Castle, Indiana, which began broadcasting in 2004, with many other affiliates also signing on that year. Its flagship station is KRSF in Ridgecrest, California.
Stations
Radio 74 Internationale is heard on 56 stations, as well as five low-powered translators, along with a mix of digital audio-only subchannels (usually #.74) and SAP audio broadcasts over the television stations of 3ABN. Many of Radio 74's affiliates are owned by local Seventh-day Adventist (SDA) churches (3ABN supports the mission of the SDA).
Translators
References
External links
Radio 74 Internationales official website
Christian radio stations in the United States
American radio networks
Seventh-day Adventist media
Independent ministries of the Seventh-day Adventist Church
2001 in professional wrestling describes the year's events in the world of professional wrestling.
List of notable promotions
These promotions held notable shows in 2001.
Calendar of notable shows
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Accomplishments and tournaments
AAA
WCW
WWF
Awards and honors
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame
Wrestling Observer Newsletter awards
Title changes
ECW
NJPW
WCW
WWF
Debuts
Uncertain debut date
Kris Pavone
Montel Vontavious Porter
Maven
Nidia Guenard
Drew McIntyre
Beth Phoenix
Sara Del Ray
Heidenreich
February 15 – Harashima
June 23 – Damien Sandow
Retirements
Midnight (1999-2001)
Tori (1988-2001)
Al Green (1989-2001) (returned for a match in 2007)
Bushwhacker Butch (1964-2001)
Duke Droese (1990-2001, returned for a couple of matches in 2019)
Hardbody Harrison (1995-March 2001)
Dean Malenko (1979-December 2001, became a road agent for WWE)
Nailz (1982-2001)
One Man Gang (1977-2001) (returned to wrestle in 2007 until 2009)
Fred Ottman (1984-April 2001, returned to wrestle a couple of matches in 2009)
Stan Hansen (1973- January 28, 2001, became commissioner for All Japan Pro Wrestling until 2007)
Births
January 17 - Cora Jade
November 8 - Julia Hart
Deaths
January 3 – Kung Fu, 49
January 4 – Villano I, 50
January 18 - Rito Romero, 73
January 29 - Smasher Sloan, 65
March 26 - Benny McGuire, 54
April 24 - Johnny Valentine, 72
May 31 - Tex McKenzie, 70
July 16 – Terry Gordy, 40
July 21 – Dennis Coralluzzo, 48
July 27 – Rhonda Sing, 40
October 7 – Chris Adams, 46
December 4 - Ed Whalen, 74
December 15 – Russ Haas, 27
December 25 – Mike Davis, 45
See also
List of WCW pay-per-view events
List of WWA pay-per-view events
List of WWF pay-per-view events
List of ECW supercards and pay-per-view events
List of FMW supercards and pay-per-view events
References
professional wrestling
The 1990 Lao League was the first recorded season of top flight football in Laos, though the league appears to have been running in some form since at least 1982. Lao Army FC from Vientiane won the championship.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
Alexander Goodman More (5 September 1830 – 22 March 1895) was a British naturalist.
Life
Born in London, More was educated at Rugby School, and matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1850. They did not graduate, however, though they remained at Trinity until 1855: periods of illness interrupted their studies. They did make contact with a number of botanists and ornithologists there. Then until 1867 they occupied themselves with natural history. From 1867 to 1887 In that year they were Curator of the Natural History Museum of the Royal Dublin Society.
In 1887 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Their proposers were Alexander Dickson, Ramsay Heatley Traquair, Robert Gray and Alexander Buchan.
Publications
Cybele Hibernica (1866), with David Moore.
On the Distribution of Birds in Great Britain (1865)
References
1830 births
1895 deaths
British naturalists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Members of the Royal Irish Academy
Rhodes Peak () is a peak, 780 m, standing at the north side of the mouth of Hoffman Glacier, marking the seaward end of the ridge descending east from Mount Tripp, Holland Range. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Commander A.G. Rhodes, RNZN, commanding officer of HMNZS Pukaki, ocean station ship on duty between New Zealand and McMurdo Sound in 1964 and 1965.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Hans Standl (11 February 1926 – 23 March 2021) was a German sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics for West Germany. Standl died in March 2021 at the age of 95.
References
External links
1926 births
2021 deaths
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of West Germany
Sportspeople from Füssen
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Ian Jack Wadsworth (born 24 September 1966 in Huddersfield) is a former professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town and Doncaster Rovers. They now have links to the newly formed Holmfirth Town F.C.
References
1966 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Huddersfield
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Kirill Pavlovich Suslov (; born 26 October 1991) is a Russian football defender. They play for FC Fakel Voronezh.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dynamo Barnaul on 23 April 2011 in a game against FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.
They made their Russian Football National League debut for PFC Spartak Nalchik on 29 April 2013 in a game against FC Tom Tomsk.
On 8 February 2018, Suslov signed a 3-year contract with FC Amkar Perm. They made their only competitive appearance for Amkar on 20 May 2018 in a relegation playoff game against FC Tambov. That was Amkar's last game as they went bankrupt shortly after.
Suslov made their Russian Premier League debut for FC Fakel Voronezh on 17 July 2022 against FC Krasnodar.
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
1991 births
People from Klinsky District
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Dynamo Barnaul players
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
FC Sokol Saratov players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Association football defenders
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Amkar Perm players
FC Luch Vladivostok players
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Russian Premier League players
Anton Shevchuk (; born 8 February 1990) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League.
Shevchuk is product of youth team systems of Uman city. Made their debut for FC Obolon Kyiv entering as a substituted player in game against FC Metalurh Donetsk on 9 May 2010 in Ukrainian Premier League.
On 11 November 2011 they made their debut for the Ukraine national under-21 football team in a match against the Finland national under-21 football team.
References
External links
Profile at FFU Official Site (Ukr)
1990 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv players
FC Poltava players
Ukrainian Premier League players
People from Uman
Crimean Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Cherkasy Oblast
The Speaker of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly is the presiding officer of the Legislative Assembly of Jharkhand, the main law-making body for the Indian state of Jharkhand. The Speaker is elected in the very first meeting of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly after the general elections for a term of 5 years from amongst the members of the assembly. Speaker holds office until ceasing to be a member of the assembly or resignation from the office. The Speaker can be removed from office by a resolution passed in the assembly by an effective majority of its members. In the absence of Speaker, the meeting of Jharkhand Legislative Assembly is presided by the Deputy Speaker.
Rabindra Nath Mahato is the current Speaker of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly.
Eligibility
Speaker of the Assembly must:
Be a citizen of India;
Not be less than 25 years of age; and
Not hold any office of profit under the Government of Jharkhand.
Powers and Functions of the Speaker
The speaker of the legislative assembly conducts the business in house, and decides whether a bill is a money bill or not. They maintain discipline and decorum in the house and can punish a member for their unruly behaviour by suspending them. They also permit the moving of various kinds of motions and resolutions such as a motion of no confidence, motion of adjournment, motion of censure and calling attention notice as per the rules. The speaker decides on the agenda to be taken up for discussion during the meeting. The date of election of the speaker is fixed by the Governor of Jharkhand. Further, all comments and speeches made by members of the House are addressed to the speaker. The speaker is answerable to the house. Both the speaker and deputy speaker may be removed by a resolution passed by the majority of the members.
List of the Speakers of Jharkhand
See also
Government of Jharkhand
Governor of Jharkhand
Chief Minister of Jharkhand
Jharkhand Legislative Assembly
Leader of the Opposition in the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly
Cabinet of Jharkhand
Chief Justice of Jharkhand
Speaker of the Lok Sabha
Chairman of the Rajya Sabha
List of current Indian legislative speakers and chairpeople
References
Lists of legislative speakers in India
Speakers of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly
Jharkhand-related lists
The 2004 Vale of Glamorgan Council election took place on Thursday 10 June 2004 to elect members of Vale of Glamorgan Council in Wales. This was the same day as many other local elections in Wales and England. The Conservatives remained the largest party but did not have a majority. The previous full council election was in 1999 and the next full council election was in May 2008.
Overview
Council elections in Wales were originally scheduled for May 2003, but were delayed by a year to avoid a conflict with the 2003 Wales Assembly elections.
Forty-seven seats were up for election in the Vale of Glamorgan. There was an increase in electoral divisions from 22 to 23 following The County Borough of The Vale of Glamorgan (Electoral Changes) Order 2002, which had divided the Alexandra ward into two new wards (and increased the representation in Sully to two councillors). The overall turnout (including spoilt ballots) was 44.4%.
Election result
The Conservative Party remained the largest party following the election, though did not have a majority.
|}
Ward results
References
Vale of Glam
Vale of Glamorgan Council elections
Margaret Jane Blye (October 24, 1942 – March 24, 2016) was an American actor, also sometimes billed as Margaret Bly. They were best known for playing Michael Caine's girlfriend in The Italian Job (1969).
Early years
Them sister was casting director Judy Blye Wilson. After studying business at the University of Texas, they went to UCLA, where they became involved in acting. Them performance in a production of West Side Story there was seen by a talent scout for 20th Century Fox studios.
Television
Blye was a regular on the ABC-TV program Kodiak in the role of police radio dispatcher Maggie.
They appeared in a number of popular television series. Among their first roles was that of defendant Betty Kaster in the 1965 Perry Mason episode, "The Case of the Lover's Gamble." They also appeared on Hazel, Ben Casey and twice on Gunsmoke (credited as Margaret Bly playing the simply named character “Girl” in the 1964 episode “Journey For Three” - S9E36 and the following year in a much larger role as a conniving gold digger named “Karen” in S10E22's “Winner Take All”).
Them later television roles included Hart to Hart, The Rockford Files, and Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. They appeared in four episodes of the series In the Heat of the Night, including the pilot episode.
Film
Blye appeared in the 1967 Paul Newman film Hombre and the 1969 version of The Italian Job as Michael Caine's girlfriend, as well as Waterhole No. 3 (1967) starring James Coburn. Blye appeared with Coburn again in the 1975 film Hard Times. Them other movie roles included The Sporting Club (1971), Walking Tall: Final Chapter (1977), the third film about the life of Sheriff Buford Pusser, and the horror film, The Entity (1982) as well as playing Elizabeth Taylor's daughter in Ash Wednesday.
Blye's career took a turn in the late 1970s. Them obituary in the online version of The Telegraph pointed out: "By the end of the decade, however, Maggie Blye was no longer being considered for romantic roles. 'In the space of two years,' they noted, 'I went from playing daughters to mothers.'"
Blye appeared in several films in the 2000s, including 2004's Last Goodbye and the 2005 horror comedy The Gingerdead Man.
Blye was active in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences after joining in 1968. They were a member of the organization's Foreign Language Film Award Screening Committee.
Death
Blye died on March 24, 2016 from cancer at their home in West Hollywood, California, aged 73.
Selected filmography
Summer and Smoke (1961) as Dusty (uncredited)
Hombre (1967) as Doris
Waterhole No. 3 (1967) as Billee Copperud
Diamonds for Breakfast (1968) as Honey
The Italian Job (1969) as Lorna
The Sporting Club (1971) as Janey
Every Little Crook and Nanny (1972) as Stella Ganucci
Ash Wednesday (1973) as Kate Sawyer
Hard Times (1975) as Gayleen Schoonover
Mayday at 40,000 Feet! (1976) as Susan Mackenzie
Walking Tall: Final Chapter (1977) as Luan Paxton
Little Darlings (1980) as Ms. Bright
Hart to Hart (1981) as Brenda
Liar's Moon (1982) as Ellen 'Babs' Duncan
The Entity (1982) as Cindy Nash
Kidco (1984) as Joan Cessna
Mischief (1985) as Claire Miller
Soft Toilet Seats (1999) as Margaret Lennox
The Gingerdead Man (2005) as Betty Leigh
References
External links
Obituary - Variety
1942 births
2016 deaths
American film actores
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Houston
American television actores
Deaths from cancer in California
Munday's 1st Battalion Kentucky Cavalry was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
Munday's 1st Battalion Kentucky Cavalry was organized at Lexington, Kentucky in December 1861 and mustered in for three years under the command of Major Reuben Munday.
The regiment was attached to 12th Brigade, Army of the Ohio, to February 1862. 7th Division, Army of the Ohio, to October 1862.
Munday's 1st Battalion Kentucky Cavalry ceased when it was assigned to the 6th Kentucky Cavalry as Companies A, B, C, D, and E in October 1862.
Detailed service
Ordered to Lebanon, Kentucky, then to London January 8, 1862. Expedition from central Kentucky to the Cumberland River January 31-February 12. Flat Lick Ford, Cumberland River, February 14. Cumberland Gap Campaign March 28-June 18. Occupation of Cumberland Gap June 18 to September 17. Tazewell, Tennessee July 26. Operations about Cumberland Gap August 2–17. Tazewell August 6. Rogers' Gap August 16. Pine Mountain August 17. Red Bird Creek August 25. Richmond, Kentucky, August 30. Retreat from Cumberland Gap to the Ohio River September 17-October 3.
Commanders
Major Reuben Munday
See also
6th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1862
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1861 establishments in Kentucky
Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk was a part of the United States Navy reserve fleets, also called a mothball fleet, was used to store the many surplus ships after World War II. The Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk was just south of the Norfolk Naval Shipyard, called the South Gate Annex in Portsmouth, Virginia, 2 mile south of Norfolk, Virginia. The reserve fleet was stored in the freshwater of the Elizabeth River, Southern Branch near the Jordan Bridge. The freshwater was good for long-term storage for ships. Some ships in the fleet were reactivated for the Korean War and Vietnam War.
The Norfolk Naval Shipyard's Hampton Roads Facilities at Portsmouth includes: the South Gate Annex, Scott Center Annex (SCA), St. Helena Annex and St. Julien's Creek Annex.
Reserve ship examples
The USS Massachusetts (BB-59) was stored for 18 years at the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk. Massachusetts was placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk, in 1947. On June 8, 1965, they departed and the Navy transferred ownership of the battleship to the State of Massachusetts. They became a museum ship in Battleship Cove, Fall River, Massachusetts.
USS Casa Grande (LSD-13), a Casa Grande-class dock landing ship was stored at Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk from 1946 to 1950. In 1950 they were recommissioned and put back in service.
USS Briareus (AR-12), a cargo ship, was stored at Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk from 1946 to 1951. In 1951 they were recommissioned and put back in service.
USS Albemarle (AV-5), Curtiss-class seaplane tender was placed in the fleet in 1960, in 1965 they were converted to the USNS Corpus Christi Bay (T-ARVH-1), floating aeronautical maintenance facility for helicopters.
USS Deuel (APA-160), a Haskell-class attack transport, place in the fleet May 1946, recommissioned in October 1950.
South Gate Annex Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility
South Gate Annex Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility (NISMF) is at the former Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk site. The South Gate Annex Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility is used as temporary storage of inactivated nuclear-powered ships, with the fuel removed.
See also
James River Reserve Fleet
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard Museum
Naval Medical Center Portsmouth
Drydock Number One, Norfolk Naval Shipyard
References
Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Norfolk
1946 establishments in Virginia
Military in Norfolk, Virginia
Portsmouth, Virginia
Khin Shwe (; born 21 January 1952) Burmese business tycoon and politician who served as a Member of parliament in the House of Nationalities for Yangon Region № 9 constituencies from 2011 to 2016.  They are the chairperson of Zaykabar Construction, one of the country's largest construction companies. They also serve as chairperson for the National Development Group of Companies, Myanmar Tourism Board and the Myanmar Construction Entrepreneurs Association.
Early life and education
Khin Shwe was born in Moulmein (now Mawlamyaing), Burma to ethnic Mon-Burmese parents, Saw Nyunt and Daw Daung. They attended a technical high school in Maymyo and worked for the Burmese government until 1988, as a construction and survey engineer. Khin Shwe claims to hold two honorary doctorate degrees in business administration. However, both are from unaccredited for-profit diploma mills, Washington University and Cal Southern University.
Business holding
In 1988, they established Padamya Company with Htein Win and 2 other partners. In 1990, they formed their own construction company, Zaykabar Company, one of the country's largest construction companies. Later, they became chairperson of the National Development Group of Companies, Myanmar Tourism Board and the Myanmar Construction Entrepreneurs Association.
The Burmese government has awarded them two titles: Thiri Thudhamma Manijotadhara (1998) and Agga Maha Thirithudhamma Manijhotadhara (2001). Khin Shwe is head of Sasana Nogghaha, a religious organization supported by the Burmese government.
Along with Htay Myint, Dagon Win Aung and Nay Zin Latt, Khin Shwe serves as a patron of the Myanmar Hoteliers Association.
Shwe Mann and Khin Shwe are related by marriage: Shwe Mann's son, Toe Naing Mann, is married to Zay Zin Latt (), Khin Shwe's daughter. Khin Shwe's son Zay Thiha (), promoter of the World Lethwei Championship, is married to Nanda Hlaing, a Burmese actor and model.
Political career
 They are a member of the Union Solidarity and Development Party. In the 2010 Myanmar general election, they contested the Yangon Region № 9 constituencies winning a majority of 173,208 (73.76 percent of the votes), won a House of Nationalities seat.
References
Members of the House of Nationalities
Burmese businesspeople
1952 births
Living people
People from Mawlamyine
Burmese people of Mon descent
The butterfly perch (Caesioperca lepidoptera) is a marine species of ray-finned fish in the subfamily Anthiinae, part of the sea bass family Serranidae. This fish is found in the eastern Indian Ocean, and the southwestern Pacific Ocean, including the waters around southern Australia and New Zealand. It is sometimes known as the red perch.
Description
The butterfly perch is a laterally compressed, deep-bodied fish growing to a maximum length of . It is a pinkish colour and has a large black spot towards the posterior end. Adults have a blue band just behind the eye, blue margins to the fins and small blue spots. The pectoral fins are about as long as the head. This fish is often confused with the closely related barber perch (Caesioperca rasor). However, the butterfly perch has a deeper body, and males are more pink with a dark blotch rather than band on the side.
Distribution and habitat
The butterfly perch is found in the temperate waters around Australia and New Zealand at depths down to about . In Australia it mainly occurs along the coasts of Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria, Tasmania and New South Wales. It is a schooling fish and is found on and around coastal reefs where it feeds on plankton. The butterfly perch shelters in crevices and caves at night.
Behaviour
The butterfly perch congregates in dense shoals in deep water near reefs. It is a demersal fish, feeding on planktonic organisms and such bottom-dwelling invertebrates as sea squirts, pyrosomes, coral polyps, polychaete worms, copepods and shrimps.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
butterfly perch
Marine fish of New Zealand
Taxa named by Johann Reinhold Forster
butterfly perch
For mine construction, an engine shaft is a mine shaft used for the purpose of pumping, irrespective of the prime mover.
See also
Outline of mining
References
Underground mining
The Turkmen People's Party, or Türkmen Halk Partisi, is a political party representing the Turkmen minority in Iraq. The Turkmen People's Party (Türkmen Halk Partisi), founded in Ankara in 1997, was repressed under Saddam Hussein but has been able to operate freely since the regime was removed by U.S. and allied forces in the Iraq War.
Overview
Following the Lausanne Agreement, attempts were made to divide and exploit the Iraqi Turkomans. The dictatorial regime that captured the government in Iraq increased their assimilation policies towards the Turkomans living in Iraq and tried to erase their identity via assimilation policies present in the national political agenda. In response, the Turkmen People's Party was founded.
The party seeks to form a central government for the democratic Iraqi Republic, by negotiating with their national, religious and political adversaries to reach an agreement that has minimum similarities among the participants. Thereby they can accept and sign up on a government which all of the said parties shall establish agreement.
References
External links
Turkmen People's Party (Türkmen Halk Partisi) official site
Turkmen political parties in Iraq
Benjamin Rabier (1864–1939) was a French illustrator, comic book artist and animator. They became famous for creating La vache qui rit and is one of the precursors of animal comics. Their work has inspired many other artists, notably Hergé and Edmond-François Calvo.
A native of La Roche-sur-Yon, Vendée, Rabier started to work as an illustrator for various newspapers after meeting Caran d'Ache. Their first album for children was the story of Tintin-Lutin, published in 1898, which told of a young lutin or "imp"; here their main characters are human and not animals, as they came to be in later albums. Their most famous creations are Gideon the duck and the characters they drew for Le roman de Renart.
They died at Faverolles, Indre, in 1939.
Bibliography
Olivier Calon, Benjamin Rabier, Paris, Tallandier, 2004
External links
Tintin-Lutin
About Benjamin Rabier
Tintin Lutin
Benjamin Rabier An animated documentary about "the creator of the Laughing Cow and pioneer of cartoon" on crowdfunding platform Ulule
Issues of Histoire comique et Naturelle des Animaux in Gallica, the digital library of the BnF.
1864 births
1939 deaths
People from La Roche-sur-Yon
French illustrators
French comics artists
French animators
French animated film directors
Enid Blyton illustrators
Conte Carlo Leoni (1812, Padua – 1872) was an Italian historian and epigraphist. Above all, they recorded several inscriptions on the city walls of Padua, which (inspired by the Romantic taste for the medieval) were characterised more by prosopography and grandiloquence than by historical precision.
1812 births
1872 deaths
19th-century Italian historians
Writers from Padua
Epigraphers
SSX family member 6, pseudogene is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SSX6 gene.
Function
This gene belongs to the family of highly homologous synovial sarcoma X (SSX) breakpoint proteins. These proteins may function as transcriptional repressors. They are also capable of eliciting spontaneously humoral and cellular immune responses in cancer patients, and are potentially useful targets in cancer vaccine-based immunotherapy.
SSX1, SSX2, and SSX4 genes have been involved in the t(X;18) translocation characteristically found in all synovial sarcomas. This gene is classified as a pseudogene because a splice donor in the 3' UTR has changed compared to other family members, rendering the transcript a candidate for nonsense-mediated mRNA decay (NMD). [provided by RefSeq, Aug 2009].
References
Worst Case Scenario is the debut studio album by Belgian rock band Deus released in 1994. The cover art was designed by guitarist Rudy Trouvé. It contains the single "Suds & Soda", which became an underground hit and a fan favorite.
The album was first released in Belgium on the indie label Bang! with a different track listing: "Right as Rain" and "Great American Nude" (both tracks present on the Zea EP released in Belgium in 1993) are replaced by the song "Let Go". It was then released in the UK and Europe through Island Records with the track listing as written below.
The song "W.C.S. (First Draft)" contains a covered bit from Frank Zappa's "Little Umbrellas", from their 1969 album, Hot Rats.
Worst Case Scenario received good reviews internationally despite the hard time that the British media had to categorize its music into a genre. They finally called it Art rock (a definition which still bothers singer Tom Barman).
Worst Case Scenario reached Gold in Belgium, selling 30,000 copies. By April 2008, WCS had sold 270,000 copies worldwide.
Track listing (International Version)
Track listing (Belgian Version)
B-Sides and Rarities (2009 Deluxe Edition Bonus Disc)
Staff
Tom Barman - vocals, guitar, piano
Rudy Trouvé - guitar, vocals, piano, steel plate
Stef Kamil Carlens - bass, vocals, guitar
Klaas Janzoons - violin, vocals
Julle de Borgher - drums, metallophone, gasheating, timpani, maracas, guitar, vocals
Singles
Suds & Soda (June 1994)
Via (October 1994)
Hotellounge (Be the death of me) (January 1995) - #55 UK
Charts references:
References
Deus (band) albums
1994 albums
Island Records albums
Théodule or Theodule is the French form of the given name Theodulus.
It may refer to:
Nicolas Anne Théodule Changarnier (1793–1877), French general, born at Autun
Théodule Devéria (died 1871), prominent French egyptologist who lived in the 19th century
Théodule Meunier (died 1907), French anarchist responsible for a series of bombings in Paris, France in 1892
Théodule Ribot (1823–1891), French realist painter
Théodule Tellier (born 1856), French printer and the co-founder of French philatelic publisher Yvert et Tellier
Théodule-Armand Ribot (1839–1916), French psychologist
French masculine given names
Veselin Savić (, born 22 September 1989) is a Serbian rower.
They won a gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing U23 Championships in men's coxed four and posted U23 world record.
External links
1989 births
Living people
Serbian male rowers
European champions for Serbia
European Rowing Championships medalists
Saint Germanicus was a youth who was arrested and martyred for their faith in Smyrna during the reign of the Roman Emperor Antoninus. As Germanicus stood in the arena, facing a wild beast, the Roman proconsul pleaded with them that in view of their youth they should deny their faith to obtain a pardon. But the young man refused to apostatize, and willingly embraced martyrdom.
Germanicus was praised for their courage facing the wild beasts used to kill him, and was referenced in the Martyrdom of Polycarp.
References
Saints from Roman Anatolia
2nd-century Christian martyrs
155 deaths
Year of birth unknown
William Umpleby Kirk (1843–1928) was a pioneer photographer of the late Victorian period. They were born in Hull and grew up in nearby Market Weighton where, in the early 1870s, they set up their first photographic studio. Examples of their work from that period have survived and are collected.
In 1881 Kirk moved their family and their business to Cowes, Isle of Wight, at that time the international centre of yachting. At Cowes yachts were raced, bought, sold and shown off. The rich and the titled came to Cowes to meet each other, to play and to be seen. Kirk photographed the boats and their owners afloat and ashore. They specialised in marine photographs and portraiture.
A copy of Kirk's photograph of The Marquis of Ormonde, Commadore Royal Yacht Squadron, is held in the British National Archives at Kew, and their group portrait of Sir Warden Chilcott; Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading; Paula Gellibrand, the Marquise de Casa Maury; George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 5th Duke of Sutherland; Eileen Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland; F. E. Smith, 1st Earl of Birkenhead; Catherine, Baroness d'Erlanger and their daughter , Baba, Baroness d'Erlanger, the Princesse de Faucigny-Lucinge is held at the National Portrait Gallery, London.
Kirk photographed groups at house parties, tutor groups and sports teams of Naval Cadets at Osborne Naval College. Their photographs of the sumptuous interiors of large yachts remain to record that era.
Kirk's reputation grew when they photographed Queen Victoria's yacht HMY Alberta at a speed of 10 knots entering Cowes Harbour; this is said to be one of the first British photographs of a vessel in motion, and to have earned them the Royal Warrant. The Isle of Wight Herald (September 1881) published an article headed Instantaneous Photography
"On the occasion of the Queen's last visit to Osborne Mr W. U. Kirk, photographer, whose works, by their instantaneous method, have gaimed them considerable repute, photographed the Royal yacht Albert when steaming into the Harbour at a speed of ten knots with Them Majesty and suite aboard. The view so taken has since been exhibeted to the Queen, and their Majesty, we are glad to say, was very much pleased with it."
Photographs by Kirk of the yachts Bona and Ailsa, for example, were sold by auction at Christie's, New York and their work is sought by collectors.
A collection of Kirk's work is held by the Isle of Wight County Council and is reviewed by Ian Dear. An extensive, but as yet uncatalogued collection of Kirk's original 8" x 10" glass plates is held by the Gallery, Classic Boat Museum, East Cowes.
References
1843 births
People from Cowes
19th-century English photographers
People from Market Weighton
1928 deaths
Photographers from Yorkshire
Mount Taipingot lies at the southern end of Songsong Village on the Rota in the Mariana Islands. It is connected to the main part of Rota by a tombolo, on which is the southern part of Songsong village. It is more commonly known as "Wedding Cake Mountain" because of its resemblance to a layered wedding cake. The areas in and around the mountain are conservation areas established to protect the native flora and fauna that thrive there.
Geography of the Northern Mariana Islands
Tombolos
Siyaw Chemane () is a style of singing practiced by ethnic Kurds that originated in the mountainous sub-region of Hawraman along the border between Iranian Kurdistan and Iraqi Kurdistan. Some researchers claim that the style was originally used to recite hymns by members of the Zoroastrian faith, and later, members of Islamic Sufi faiths. Originally, Siyaw Chemane is performed without the use of any instruments, with the exception of the occasional use of a Kurdish hand-drum. Today, the Siyaw Chemane style is used mostly for storytelling and entertainment. Some modern Kurdish artists have adopted the style and added instruments to record songs that blend Siyaw Chemane with other Kurdish music.
Siyaw Chemane is performed in the Hawrami dialect of Gorani. However, some modern artists have adopted the style for use with Sorani, which is more commonly spoken by ethnic Kurds.
Etymology
Siyaw Chemane literally means dark eyes in Hawrami. In the Kurdish culture, big dark and black-colored eyes are regarded as a trait of beauty particularly for women. Kurdish love songs often talk about dark eyes. The Siyaw Chemane style of singing is often an expression of love - whether love for God or love for another person - and may be the reason for its association with dark eyes.
Similar Methods of Singing
There are some similar methods of singing in Kurdish music, specially in Music of south of Kurdistan, Kermanshah (Kermashan) Province, Ilam Province and Lak inhabitant regions of Luristan Province in Iranian Kurdistan and Diyala Province in Iraqi Kurdistan. Siyaw Chamane is so close and similar to Houreh singing, and also Mour singing, and Benmelli singing which are belonged to those regions of south of Kurdistan.
Further reading
In the Dust of the Stars (German: Im Staub der Sterne, Romanian: Revoltă în cosmos) is a 1976 East German science fiction film, co-produced with Romania and directed by Gottfried Kolditz. Some of the film's props were part of a 2009 exhibit entitled "Retrospektive in die Zukunft" and Twitch Film screened the film as part of their Attack The Bloc screening series.
Synopsis
The spaceship Cynro has received a distress call from the planet TEM 4. The crew tries to respond but ends up crash landing on the planet as a result of radio waves. Emerging from the ship, the crew is brought to the planet's leader Ronk (Milan Beli), who tells the Cynro crew that there was never any accident and that the distress call was all a mistake. As an apology they invite the crew to a party, much to the misgivings of Suko (Alfred Struwe), the ship's navigator. Sensing that there is more to Ronk's claims, Suko refuses the invitation.
Their concerns end up being well-founded after Ronk uses the party to remove any memories of the fake distress call and Suko discovers a subterranean mine where Ronk forces captives to work as slaves. The Cynro crew is unable to decide whether they should return to their ship and escape or stay and help the slaves gain freedom. This choice is ultimately made for them when the slaves revolt and the ensuing battle forces the crew to leave the planet, leaving behind their commander and Suko, who is dying. The film ends with the natives burying Suko.
Cast
Jana Brejchová: Akala
Alfred Struwe: Suko
Ekkehard Schall: Chief
Milan Beli: Ronk
Silvia Popovici: Illik
Violeta Andrei: Rall
Leon Niemczyk: Thob
Regine Heintze: Miu
Mihai Mereuță: Kte
Ștefan Mihăilescu-Brăila: Xik
Editions
The original, uncut version of the film was rereleased by the DEFA Film Library at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2005.
Reception
DVD Verdict gave the film a positive review, calling it a "guilty pleasure" and a "fun, cheesy movie". DVD Talk also praised the film and wrote "Though it's easy to mock its very '70s art direction, costume design and general sensibility, In the Dust of the Stars (Im Staub der Sterne, 1975) exhibits much imagination throughout."
References
Bibliography
Berghahn, Daniela (2005), Hollywood Behind the Wall: The Cinema of East Germany, Manchester University Press, p. 41,
Brockmann, Stephen (2010), A Critical History of German Film (Studies in German Literature Linguistics and Culture), Camden Press, p. 230,
Hake, Sabine (2007), German National Cinema (National Cinemas), Routledge, p. 137,
Scalzi, John (2005), The Rough Guide to Sci-Fi Movies, Rough Guides, p. 257,
External links
1976 films
1970s science fiction films
German science fiction films
East German films
1970s German-language films
Films directed by Gottfried Kolditz
1970s German films
Flavius Rumoridus (died 5th century AD) was a Roman soldier who was appointed consul in AD 403 in the Western Roman Empire. At the same time, the eastern emperor Theodosius II served in the same capacity in the East.
Biography
Rumoridus was of Germanic origin, and had not converted to Christianity. Ambrose, bishop of Milan, described Rumoridus in a letter to Eugenius as maintaining the practice of ethnic religions from the earliest childhood. They began their service as a career military officer, and may have been posted at some point in the Diocese of Thrace. They were eventually appointed a magister militum under Valentinian II in AD 384, was present during the debate regarding the restoration of the Altar of Victory in the Curia Julia. However, they agreed with Valentinian's eventual order to reject the reinstatement of the altar.
Although they were probably an old man, in AD 403 Rumoridus was made consul in the West at the same time as the infant Theodosius II in the East. It has been suggested by Martindale and Jones that they were recalled to military service as a result of the crisis precipitated by the invasion of Italy by Alaric and the Visigoths in AD 402, and may have played a part in Alaric's defeat and retreat from Italy in AD 403. Their consulship is recorded in several inscriptions, with considerable variety in the spelling of theirs name.
Sources
Martindale, J. R.; Jones, A. H. M, The Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, Vol. I AD 260–395, Cambridge University Press (1971)
References
Late Roman Empire political office-holders
Imperial Roman consuls
Magistri militum
4th-century Romans
5th-century Romans
5th-century Roman consuls
5th-century deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
The 2nd Annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards was held on April 18, 1988, from the Conan Sword and Sorcery Spectacular Arena at Universal Studios Hollywood. This was the first event held under this title, and first to feature a live audience, as well as celebrity hosts and attendees, while the first ceremony occurred the previous year in 1987 as The Big Ballot, and only featured taped segments linked together by its studio hosts. The show also featured the first "KCA trophy", which was created by original logo designers Tom Corey and Scott Nash.
Performers
The Fat Boys ("Wipe Out")
Debbie Gibson ("Shake Your Love" and "Out of the Blue")
Presenters
Wil Wheaton and Staci Keanan - presented Favorite Movie Actor and Favorite Movie Actress
Tiffany Brissette and Danny Pintauro - presented Favorite Sports Team and Favorite Male Athlete
Amanda Peterson and Rob Stone - presented Favorite TV Actor and Favorite TV Actress via video
Josie Davis and Mackenzie Astin - presented Favorite Female Vocalist and Favorite Male Vocalist
The awards for Favorite Movie, Favorite Female Athlete, Favorite TV Show and Favorite Song were presented by co-hosts Debbie Gibson, Brian Robbins and Dan Schneider in small vignettes throughout the show. In addition, Wesley Eure and Charles Barkley revealed the winner for Favorite Female Athlete in a small Finders Keepers segment.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first, in bold. Other nominees are in alphabetical order.
Movies
Television
Music
Sports
References
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
Kids' Choice Awards
Kids' Choice Awards
April 1988 events in the United States
Ch'ŏlgwang station is a railway station of the Korean State Railway in Ch'ŏlsal-li, Ŭnnyul County, South Hwanghae Province, North Korea. It is the western terminus of the Ŭnnyul Line and the southern terminus of the Sŏhae Kammun Line; it was also the starting point of the narrow-gauge Sŏhaeri Line.
History
Ch'ŏlgwang station was opened by the Korean State Railway in 1963, along with the rest of the Sugyo–Ch'ŏlgwang section of the Ŭnnyul Line.
Services
Ch'ŏlgwang station is served by regional passenger trains 219/220, to and from Taedonggang, and a local train 361/362, to and from Namp'o.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
was the thirteenth Shikken (1315–1316) of the Kamakura shogunate.
1333 deaths
1286 births
Hōjō clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
"Crocodile Shoes" is a single by Jimmy Nail. It was written for the television drama Crocodile Shoes, and became a chart hit for Nail in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Sweden in 1994 and 1995. It is featured on the album of the same name.
Track listings
7-inch and cassette single
A. "Crocodile Shoes" – 4:11
B. "Calling Out Your Name (Jed's Demo)" – 3:20
CD single
"Crocodile Shoes" – 4:11
"Calling Out Your Name (Jed's Demo)" – 3:20
"Once Upon a Time (Jed's Demo)" – 1:54
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
Jimmy Nail discography
References
1994 singles
1994 songs
East West Records singles
Jimmy Nail songs
Fishponds railway station was a station in Fishponds, Bristol, England, a victim of Dr Beeching's cuts in the 1960s.
Fishponds station was just south of where Morrisons supermarket car park is today. The railway line was built in 1835 for transport of coal from Coalpit Heath to industry in the centre of Bristol. The station, originally named Fish Ponds, was opened in March 1866, and was renamed Stapleton on 1 April 1866. It was part of the Bristol to Birmingham line of the Midland Railway. The station was renamed Fish Ponds on 1 January 1867, and Fishponds on 1 May 1939. It had two platforms plus a shunting line constructed in 1905 for the Avonside Locomotive Works to move their newly built locomotives onto the main line.
Network
The stations at the Bristol end of the Midland line were St Philips (where it ended within walking distance of Bristol Temple Meads), then Fishponds, Staple Hill and Mangotsfield. At Mangotsfield the lines split, and passengers could continue onto Gloucester past Parkfield Colliery and Coalpit Heath, and or through Warmley, Oldland Common and Bitton when the Mangotsfield and Bath Branch Line was opened in 1869. There was also a spur to Clifton Down, the Clifton Extension Railway, built in 1874 and closed to passenger traffic in 1941.
Closure
The line was closed in the Beeching cuts of the 1960s. Stopping passenger services on the Bristol to Gloucester line ceased on 4 January 1965; the station closed to goods traffic on 31 December 1965. However, trains continued between Bristol and Bath Green Park until 7 March 1966. The signal box remained open until 12 April 1968, when most of the station buildings were demolished. The line through the station was due to close on 3 January 1970, but a landslip at nearby Staple Hill led to its closure a week early. The tracks were later removed. There are still remains including the stairs to the footbridge on the Bristol side. The line was converted into the Bristol & Bath Railway Path which was completed in 1986, though the trail through the Fishponds station site deviates from the original rail line because of the roads associated with a supermarket on adjoining land.
Services
References
Peter Aughton (2007). Bristol: A People's History.
John Bartlett (2004). Images of England, Fishponds.
External links
Fishponds Local History Society
Bristol & Bath Railway Path
Former Midland Railway stations
Disused railway stations in Bristol
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1866
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1966
Beeching closures in England
1866 establishments in England
Duncan Graham may refer to:
Duncan Archibald Graham (1882–1974), Canadian physician and academic
Duncan Graham (writer) (born 1938), Australian journalist and blogger
Duncan Graham (Canadian politician) (1845–1934), Canadian Member of Parliament for Ontario North, 1897–1900
Duncan Graham Ross (1891-1982), Canadian Member of Parliament for Middlesex East, 1935–1945
Duncan Macgregor Graham (1867–1942), British Member of Parliament for Hamilton, 1918–1942
Duncan Graham, South Australian playwright and winner of the Jill Blewett Playwright's Award in 2008 and 2016
The Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) is a socialist political party in Nigeria. The SPN was launched as an initiative by the Democratic Socialist Movement and held its inaugural conference in Lagos on 16 November 2013.
The SPN filed for registration as a political party in order to contest the 2015 Nigerian general election, but the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) refused the registration. The SPN sued the INEC at the Federal High Court, claiming that INEC had failed to respond to their petition within 30 days as prescribed by law and that thus it would have to be registered automatically. The party has since received an INEC certificate of registration and has vowed to "liberate Nigerians from economic hardship.
References
External links
Socialist Party of Nigeria
2013 establishments in Nigeria
Far-left political parties
Political parties established in 2013
Political parties in Nigeria
Socialist parties in Nigeria
Rhino Rock () is a prominent black rock with steep sides rising to 700 m, standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) southwest of Cape Rymill on the east coast of Palmer Land. It was named Rhino Horn Rock for its suggestive appearance by members of the East Base of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) who charted the area on land and from the air in 1940, but the name has been shortened to Rhino Rock.
Rock formations of Palmer Land
HNLMS Matador was a monitor (Dutch: ) built in the late 1870s.
Design and description
Types of monitors
By the early 1870s the Dutch navy had 10 monitors. The first 5 were the deckhouse monitors of the Heiligerlee class. Next came 5 ram monitors. These did not have any deckhouses, but were then found to be somewhat less practical and less seaworthy. A few years later, the next type of monitor was planned. It would have a deckhouse aft, but no obstacles in front of the gun tower. The first of this third type of monitor would be HNLMS Luipaard. It was planned to have the same twin 23 cm rifled muzzle loaders, that the other monitors had.
Dimensions
During the construction of Luipaard, some further insights led the Dutch navy to abandon the 23 cm RML, and so Luipaard would get the new Krupp 28 cm A No. 1 breechloader. However, the weight of one of these Krupp guns was double that of the 23 cm RML, and it was considerably longer. By then it was too late to change the overall dimensions of the ship, and so Luipaard got only one 28 cm gun.
The next monitors which were planned would therefore be built according to a new design, which would allow mounting of two 28 cm guns. The first of these was HNLMS Draak. Matador came next. With a displacement of 2,156t for Draak and 1,935t for Matador, these monitors were about 33% bigger than the monitors of the preceding classes. Matador would get a somewhat shallower draught than Draak.
Propulsion
The machinery for Matador was the same as that of HNLMS Tijger.
Armament
The main armament of Matador consisted of two 28 cm A No. 1 breech-loaders made by Krupp.
Armor
The armor of Matador was much like that of Luipaard. The 140 mm belt was also the same as that of the first 10 monitors. The tower of Matador differed by having 229–305 mm armor. (Draak would also get a heavier belt)
Service
Construction and launch
Matador was laid down on 19 January 1877. At that time it was already known that they would carry twin 28 breechloaders. They were launched on 16 March 1878. At that moment they weighed only 800 tonnes of the 1,930 tons they would displace. Next they were in conservation at the shipyard for some time. Matador arrived in Hellevoetsluis on 24 April 1879. They were to hold make their trials on the Haringvliet, and then to return to Fijenoord for the last work.
A precursor of the Adder disaster
In August 1879 Matador was to sail from Rotterdam to Willemsoord via the Nieuwe Waterweg. Them commander was Lieutenant 1st class M.J.C. Lucardie. On 7 August 1879 Matador anchored at Maassluis. On 9 August they left Maassluis, and entered the North Sea en route to Willemsoord in very foul weather. When they failed to arrive in time, Stier was sent to investigate, because 'she was not meant for the high sea'. When Stier found her, the worst of the weather was already over. Both arrived in Willemsoord at 7:30 PM. Later a story surfaced, that while Stier found Matador, they were so out of control that Stier had to remain at a distance. It was said that if something had happened, only some people on the bridge might have been saved, because nobody could stand on the deck without getting washed over.
In Ordinary (1879-1885)
In Willemsoord Matador was taken in ordinary. In 1880 they got a wooden central keel and a steam powered rudder. On 26 August 1880 they then made a short trip to test these. In late 1882 the navy mentioned Matador as being designated for the defense of the Zuiderzee. Other ships with this task were: Draak, Wesp, Cerberus and Bloedhond. In practice this meant that Matador remained in ordinary. This was obviously part of a broader policy to first use up the older ships and guns. It drew criticism because it meant that sailors were trained in the use of the 23 cm RML, which was obsolete, instead of practicing with the 28 cm breechloader of Draak, Matador, Luipaard and two Wodan-class gunboats.
In September 1884 Matador was planned to be towed to Hellevoetsluis by tugboat Hercules. Captain-lt I.F.M. Lange would be in command, and the voyage would take place in good weather. On 18 September the convoy left Nieuwediep to the sound of the national anthem. Both (then) returned to the roadstead the same day, because of dense fog. The next day the convoy left again, and passed IJmuiden. In the early morning of 20 September the convoy arrived in Hellevoetsluis. In Hellevoetsluis Matador was again 'taken in conservation'.
Commissioned (1885)
In 1885 Matador would finally be commissioned for regular service. On 26 June they would be commissioned under commander Lieutenant 1st class H. Schotborgh. In early July Matador left Hellevoetsluis together with Buffel to exercise. These first exercises were probably only small trips that took place only on the Haringvliet, because they returned quickly. In mid July they left again, and again returned quickly. When Buffel had to undergo some repairs, Matador then exercised alone. In mid-August Matador and Buffel again returned to Hellevoetsluis.
In late August 1885 there were some longer and larger scale exercises near Hellevoetsluis. These represented an attack on the island Voorne, where Hellevoetsluis is located. Buffel was among the attackers, and Matador represented the defenders. The exercises went on into the night and involved aspects like landings and coastal artillery. Some recent developments like torpedo boats and searchlights were also present. After some smaller exercises Matador was then decommissioned on 24 October. One of the last activities was firing 6 shots from the main guns with the heaviest charge. The idea was to test the effects on the ship.
In Ordinary (1886)
Incredibly, Matador was then again in ordinary in 1886. In 1888 they would be commissioned again, but in the end their only activity was a test of the anchor winch and electrical light.
Commissioned (1889-1890)
On 21 June 1889 Matador was commissioned again under Captain-lt A. van Hengel. On 25 June Matador then left Hellevoetsluis for practice on the Haringvliet. On 2 July Van Hengel was replaced by Captain-Lt F.J. Beckman. On 8 July Matador and Buffel were to leave Hellevoetsluis for the North Sea and Nieuwediep, if the weather permitted. On 9 July they arrived there. Next came large scale exercises centering on the fortress of Den Helder, lasting from 16 to 30 August. After these exercises Matador remained in commission, and was back in Hellevoetsluis by early October. In early November other exercises were finished, and Matador took their place in the Koopvaardijhaven. On 28 November they then left for Dordrecht, where they arrived the same day. On 1 February 1890 Matador arrived in Rotterdam. By 28 March 1890 they had arrived in Hellevoetsluis from Rotterdam. Next came the usual exercises. On 16 April 1690 Captain-Lt J.A. Vening replaced Beckman. On 1 July 1890 Matador was decommissioned again. In July 1891 Matador was in Hellevoetsluis Dry Dock.
Commissioned (1893-1897)
On 1 April 1893 Matador was commissioned under Captain-Lt Z.J. Cambier. In the first half of 1893 they only made a trip to Dordrecht and back again via Rotterdam. Later, they did some gunnery exercises, and visited Terneuzen and Zierikzee. On 1 November 1893 Captain-Lt J. Van Scheers became the next commander. By 1 December they would again stay in Dordrecht, and in February 1894 in Rotterdam, where they would lie at the Parkkade. In mid March they returned to Hellevoetsluis. Next came the usual exercises on the Haringvliet and a trip to Dordrecht. From there they again returned to Dordrecht via the Nieuwe Waterweg. In August they sailed to IJmuiden and Nieuwediep. In September 1894 they returned to Hellevoetsluis via the Nieuwe Waterweg and Dordrecht. In late September 1894 there was a Cholera outbreak on board, with at least one fatality. In October 1894 Matador was to steam to Dordrecht, but instead they entered the dry dock in Hellevoetsluis for important repairs.
On 6 April 1895 Captain-Lt J. Cardinaal became the next commander of Matador. By then they were said to have been in repair for a long time. These repairs probably entailed the replacement of the pipes of the boilers, which was done between October 1894 and October 1895. On 29 May Matador left Brouwershaven for Wemeldinge. On 19 June they were in Maassluis. On 24 June 1895 they left Rotterdam to sail to Hellevoetsluis via the North Sea, but when they have the sea to be too rough, they turned about and took their rout via Dordrecht.
On 16 January 1896 Commander Cardinaal was replaced by Captain-Lt A. Seret. In April they went from Maassluis to Amsterdam. Matador then wanted to steam the Noordhollandsch Kanaal to Nieuwediep. In Purmerend they entered the lock, but it soon proved that with the Matador in the lock chamber, the lock doors could not be closed. So Matador had to get out of the lock again. The captain then wanted to turn them about, but in the canal, this also proved impossible. They finally had to steam backwards with the help of a tugboat. Matador next went to Nieuwediep via the Zuiderzee. Here there were many exercises on the Zuiderzee. After these were over, Matador left Nieuwediep for Hellevoetsluis via Dordrecht on 9 July.
In Ordinary (1897-1907)
On 2 February 1897 Matador was decommissioned. To all appearances Matador then stayed in Hellevoetsluis for 10 years.
Commissioned (1907)
On 21 August 1907 the old Matador was commissioned again. Them commander was to be Lieutenant 1st class H.W.A. Brans. In September 1907 they were to go to Rotterdam to check the unrest in the harbor. On the quay , a shelter was built for 70 sailors that did not fit on Matador. There were also temporary barracks for the cavalry in the harbor. Matador was then reinforced by Heiligerlee. On 16 October Brans was replaced by Captain-Lt E. de Haan. On 26 November Matador was still in Rotterdam. On 3 December 1907 Matador finally left for Hellevoetsluis.
In mid 1908 Matador was in Dordrecht, when serious labor unrest took place. By then E. de Haan was still in command. On 16 October 1908 E. de Haan was replaced by Captain-Lt M.H.E. Sachse. On 1 December 1908 Matador was then decommissioned, with Sachse taking command of Reinier Claeszen.
The final years (1909-1914)
When Matador was decommissioned on 1 December 1908, they were 30 years old. The concept of its design was even older. Nevertheless, many Dutch politicians thought that the remaining monitors could still serve a purpose, by re-arming them to stop light enemy ships. Others thought this is a waste of money. In September 1912 the Department of the Navy concluded that the last monitors should be broken up. The last monitors would be replaced by the Brinio-class gunboats, known as armored boats. In 1913 these were not yet ready. In April 1914 Reinier Claeszen, Draak and Matador were stricken. On 26 June 1914 they were sold to the ship breakers Scheepssloperij Holland in Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht for 42,046.36 guilders.
Notes
References
External links
Naval ships of the Netherlands
19th-century naval ships of the Netherlands
Kazimierz Chodakowski (20 June 1929 – 21 October 2017) was a Polish ice hockey defenceman and Olympian. Chodakowski represented Poland at the 1952 Winter Olympics and 1956 Winter Olympics. They also played for ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Hockey League.
References
1929 births
2017 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Poland
Polish ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Łódź
Vice Admiral Rombault Mbuayama Nsiona is a Congolese military officer and, as of 2014, is the chief of naval staff in the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (FARDC). In 2007 they were appointed as the FARDC chief of logistics, being a brigadier general at the time. However, before becoming the chief of naval staff, they had served as the commander of the 6th Military Region (Katanga Province), holding the rank of major general. Before 2007 they had also served as regional commander in Ituri and Bas-Congo.
References
|-
Democratic Republic of the Congo military personnel
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Imárcoain is a locality and council located in the municipality of Noáin, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 408.
Geography
Imárcoain is located 11km south-southeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Richard "Dixie" Hale (29 May 1935 – 12 May 2021) was an Irish footballer and manager who played for several clubs in both the League of Ireland and the English League, most notably Waterford, Shamrock Rovers, Swansea Town and Watford. As an international, they also played for the League of Ireland XI.
Career
Born in Waterford City, Hale started their footballing career when they joined their three brothers, Alfie, George, and Harry, at St Joseph's where they had a successful underage career, winning two cup finals on the same day at under-15 and senior level in 1950. Hale had just turned 16 when they joined Waterford F.C., and a year later they became the first professional player signed by Shamrock Rovers. Their time in Dublin didn't last long and they moved back to play in Waterford, before leaving for Swansea Town in September 1959. They played there for two years before subsequently joining Barrow and Workington. Hale signed for Watford in 1968 and won the Third Division title that season. After retiring professionally at 35, they went into management in the Welsh League.
Death
Hale died in Swansea on 12 May 2021.
Honours
Watford
Football League Third Division: 1968–69
References
1935 births
2021 deaths
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association footballers from County Waterford
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
League of Ireland players
Waterford F.C. players
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
League of Ireland XI players
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Bowie William Horvat (born April 5, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre and captain of the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
They were selected ninth overall in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. During their junior career in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), they won the Wayne Gretzky 99 Award as playoff MVP in 2013, as well as two J. Ross Robertson Cup titles with the London Knights. Internationally, they have played for Team Canada at the 2012 World U-17 Hockey Challenge, 2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament (under-18), 2014 IIHF U20 Championships and the 2018 IIHF World Championship.
Early life
Horvat was born on April 5, 1995, in London, Ontario, to Tim and Cindy Horvat. They grew up in Rodney, Ontario, a 90-minute drive from Detroit, Michigan, and attended a number of Detroit Red Wings ice hockey games as a child. Bo and their younger brother Cal would often practice playing hockey in the family basement throughout their childhoods, until Horvat moved away at the age of 12 to live with a billet family and play with the Toronto Red Wings minor ice hockey team. In 2008, Horvat helped the Red Wings defeat the London Jr. Knights in the All-Toronto Peewee AAA hockey tournament, scoring 10 goals and leading the team with 16 points in the round-robin part of the tournament.
During the 2010–11 minor hockey season, Horvat played minor hockey for the Elgin-Middlesex Chiefs of the Alliance Hockey organization, where they were named the league player of the year after recording 47 goals and 71 assists for 118 points in 68 games. Their Chiefs coach Rob Simpson described Horvat as a player who "put up a ton of points and maybe cheated [defensively] a little bit at times". When the Elgin-Middlesex season came to an end, Horvat also played in five games with the St. Thomas Stars of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League, which was coached by their father, and helped them win their respective league championship. They used that cup of coffee stint with the Stars as a way of preparing for the impending jump from minor to junior ice hockey.
Playing career
Junior
Following their year with Elgin-Middlesex and St. Thomas, the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) selected Horvat ninth overall in the 2011 OHL Priority Selection draft. Joining the Knights for the 2011–12 season, Horvat scored their first OHL goal in their league debut, an 8–0 win over the Saginaw Spirit on September 23, 2011. During their rookie year with London, Horvat scored 11 goals and recorded an additional 19 assists, and they posted a +27 plus–minus through 64 regular season games. That year, the Knights won the J. Ross Robertson Cup as OHL champions, defeating the Niagara IceDogs in a best-of-seven series, and they advanced to the 2012 Memorial Cup finals, where they were defeated in overtime by Canadian Hockey League (CHL) champions the Shawinigan Cataractes.
During the 2012–13 season, Horvat improved to 33 goals and 61 points in 67 regular-season games. This included a 17-game point streak in the middle of the season, which ended when the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds defeated the Knights 4–2 on January 13, 2013. They also received coaches' awards for the OHL Western Conference as the best face-off skater and shot blocker on the team. On the Knights' way to their second consecutive OHL championship, Horvat led the league with 16 goals and 23 points in 21 postseason games, the last of which was the game-winning goal with 0.1 seconds left to play in Game 7 of the OHL finals. The Knights defeated the Barrie Colts 3–2, and Horvat received the Wayne Gretzky 99 Award for the most valuable player in the OHL playoffs. Although the Knights lost to the Portland Winterhawks during the semifinal round of the 2013 Memorial Cup, Horvat, who had five points in as many games and did not record any penalty minutes, was awarded the George Parsons Trophy for the most sportsmanlike player during the tournament.
Leading into their professional draft year, the NHL Central Scouting Bureau ranked Horvat the 15th-most valuable hockey prospect in North America. On June 30, 2013, the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL) traded goaltender Cory Schneider to the New Jersey Devils in exchange for the ninth overall pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, which they used to draft Horvat. On August 6, Horvat signed a three-year, entry-level contract with Vancouver. Although it appeared at first that Horvat would join the Canucks for the NHL season, coach John Tortorella wanted them to develop more in the OHL, where they would receive more playing time than the eight or nine minutes per game that an 18-year-old in the NHL would. The acquisition of Zac Dalpe and Jeremy Welsh from the Carolina Hurricanes gave the Canucks enough roster depth that they could send Horvat and fellow draft pick Hunter Shinkaruk back to their respective junior teams.
Upon their return to London for the 2013–14 OHL season, Horvat was speculated to be the Knights' next captain, as both Jarred Tinordi and Scott Harrington had turned professional, but the Knights decided to postpone selecting a captain until after Christmas. The title ultimately went to Chris Tierney, while Horvat was named one of four alternate captains. As alternate captain, Horvat put together their second consecutive 30-goal campaign, with a career-best 44 assists and 74 points in the regular season. The Knights, meanwhile, fell short of becoming three-time OHL champions when they were defeated by the Guelph Storm in the semifinals.
Vancouver Canucks
Competing for an NHL roster spot in their second training camp with the Canucks the following season, Horvat was hit by Edmonton Oilers forward Tyler Pitlick during a pre-season game and suffered a shoulder injury. Upon recovering, they were assigned to the Canucks' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Utica Comets, on a conditioning basis. After five games without a point with Utica, Horvat returned to the Canucks.
Horvat made their NHL debut on November 4, 2014, against the Colorado Avalanche. Six games later, they scored their first NHL goal on November 20 against Frederik Andersen of the Anaheim Ducks. The following game, they registered their first three assists in a 4–1 win against the Chicago Blackhawks. On November 25, the Canucks announced that they would not be returning Horvat to the OHL despite their remaining year of junior eligibility. Despite Horvat's status as a highly anticipated prospect, Canucks head coach Willie Desjardins admitted later in the season they had not expected Horvat to compete for a roster spot. Playing on a line with wingers Jannik Hansen and fellow rookie Ronalds Ķēniņš, Horvat earned bottom-six ice time in their first year with Vancouver, averaging 12:15 minutes per game. In 68 games, Horvat scored 13 goals and 12 assists. Their regular season play earned them two fifth-place votes for the Calder Memorial Trophy, ranking them 11th among first-year players for the rookie of the year award. During the playoffs, they added a team-high four points in six games during the Canucks' first-round loss to the Calgary Flames.
During the first half of the 2015–16 season, Horvat juggled heightened goal-scoring expectations along with increased defensive responsibility after injuries to Brandon Sutter and Henrik Sedin. After enduring two goal-scoring droughts of 9 and 27 games, respectively, they went on a six-game point streak between January 4 and 15, during which they scored six goals and nine points. When that streak ended on January 17, it was tied for the longest active point streak in the NHL. Horvat credited this change to advice from their father to shoot the puck more often, in lieu of bull-rushing the net, in addition to increased chemistry with left-winger Sven Bärtschi. Horvat ended their sophomore season with 16 goals and 40 points.
On January 10, 2017, Horvat was named an All-Star for the 2017 NHL All-Star Game after having tallied 13 goals and 16 assists up to that point. Horvat was the youngest Canuck to be selected for an All-Star Game since Trevor Linden. On March 3, 2017, Horvat was named as one of Vancouver's second alternate captains, replacing longtime Canuck Alex Burrows. Horvat ended the 2016–17 season with 20 goals, 32 assists and 52 points, setting career highs in all three categories.
On September 8, 2017, following the expiry of their entry-level contract after the previous season, the Canucks re-signed Horvat to a six-year, $33 million contract extension worth $5.5 million annually. On December 5, 2017, Horvat suffered a broken foot during a game against the Carolina Hurricanes which resulted in them missing six weeks of play. Despite missing 18 games over that span, Horvat managed to set a new career-high in goals with 22, often playing on the first line with Bärtschi and rookie Brock Boeser.
The following season, after the retirement of Daniel and Henrik Sedin, Horvat was named one of four alternative captains for the Canucks, after not having served the role during the 2017–18 season. During the 2018–19 season, injuries on the Canucks as well as a lack of team depth forced Horvat to play most of the season without consistent linemates. However, Horvat still managed to set career highs in goals (27), assists (34), and points (61).
On October 9, 2019, Horvat was named the 14th captain of the franchise in a pre-game ceremony during the home opener of the Canucks' 50th season. On October 20, during a game against the New York Rangers, Horvat scored their 100th career goal, helping the Canucks win 3–2. Two days later in Vancouver's next game, Horvat notched their first career hat trick, leading the Canucks to a 5–2 win over the Detroit Red Wings after the team trailed in the game 2–0. After a months-long league-wide season suspension due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Horvat joined the Canucks in their return to play on August 1, 2020, as the team qualified for the 2020 Stanley Cup playoffs. The first-year captain would notch 10 goals and 2 assists for 12 points in 17 games, as the Canucks would win two series en route to a 7-game series elimination in Round 2 by the Vegas Golden Knights. Horvat's 10 goals would be good enough for the 3rd highest goal-scoring output in a playoff year by a Canuck, trailing only Pavel Bure and Trevor Linden's respective 16 and 12 goal efforts in the 1994 Stanley Cup playoffs, where the Canucks reached the Stanley Cup Finals.
 They are the Canucks' National Hockey League Players' Association representative.
International play
Horvat was a member of Team Ontario's under-16 team at the 2011 Canada Winter Games. Scoring a team-leading nine points (four goals and five assists) in six games, they helped Ontario to a fourth-place finish. The following year, they captained Team Ontario at the 2012 World U-17 Hockey Challenge to a bronze medal. They scored four goals and seven points in six games, including a goal and an assist in the bronze medal game against Sweden. The same year, they were named an alternate captain for Team Canada's under-18 team at the 2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament. With two goals and four points in five games, they helped Canada to a gold medal.
During their third OHL season, Horvat was named to Canada's under-20 team for the 2014 World Junior Championships in Malmö, Sweden. After beginning the tournament in an offensive role, centring a line with Connor McDavid and Sam Reinhart, they finished on Canada's checking line and earned praise from head coach Brent Sutter for their defensive play. In seven games, they recorded a goal and three points as Canada ranked fourth.
In 2015, the Vancouver Canucks had the option of loaning Horvat to Team Canada for the World Juniors, but instead chose to retain them in the NHL.
On April 12, 2018, Horvat was named to Team Canada's senior team to compete at the 2018 IIHF World Championship.
Personal life
Horvat is second cousins with fellow NHL player Travis Konecny of the Philadelphia Flyers. Because Horvat is slightly older than Konecny, the two did not play minor hockey together, but would regularly face each other throughout their junior and professional careers. Horvat's younger brother Cal also played for the Elgin-Middlesex Chiefs and London Knights before deciding to become a police officer in Ontario. Horvat chose jersey number 53 in tribute to fellow London Knights draftee, goalie Ian Jenkins, who wore number 35 and died in an automobile accident in May 2011, shortly before they and Horvat were required to report to London's regular season training camp.
Horvat proposed to their longtime girlfriend, professional equestrian and curler Holly Donaldson, on September 3, 2018. They met during Horvat's junior hockey career, when Donaldson was attending the University of Western Ontario. The couple wed in July 2019, with Horvat's Canucks teammate Sven Bärtschi and their former OHL teammates Max Domi, Josh Anderson, and Chris Tierney all serving as groomsmen. The couple's first child, Gunnar Horvat, was born on June 28, 2020, shortly before Horvat was required to report to Vancouver's playoff training camp.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International play
Awards and honours
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
London Knights players
National Hockey League All-Stars
National Hockey League first round draft picks
People from Elgin County
Sportspeople from London, Ontario
Utica Comets players
Vancouver Canucks captains
Vancouver Canucks draft picks
Vancouver Canucks players
The Mud Bath is a 1914 oil-on-canvas painting by David Bomberg. The work is considered a masterpiece of Bomberg's work in this period. Bomberg was a founder member of the London Group, and the painting is considered a leading example of Vorticism, although Bomberg resisted being described as a Vorticist.
The painting is a striking composition of human figures formed from white and blue geometric planes and angles, in a rectangular bath of vibrant red surrounded by a landscape of mustard brown, arranged around a brown and black vertical element (perhaps a column at the baths). There is a suggestion that the bathers are waving their arms as if in a Bacchanalian revel. The scene is based on Schewzik Russian Vapour Baths in Brick Lane, Whitechapel, near Bomberg's home in east London, which was used by the local Jewish population for cleanliness and for religious observances, including the mikveh ritual bath. Bomberg's Jewishness was a very important part of their identity as an artist. The bathing room, with a communal bath approximately 10-foot square and balcony above, was open to either men and women on different days, and may also have been the inspiration for their 1913 work, Ju-Jitsu.
Bomberg created a series of crayon, gouache and chalk studies before the painting. The completed work measures by . It was a key component in their one-man exhibition the Chenil Gallery in Chelsea in 1914. In addition to taking first place in the catalogue, the work was hung on the wall outside the gallery so that it could have "every advantage of lighting and space". A critic remarked that the work was "rained upon, baked by the sun and garlanded with flags", but it did not entice many passing the gallery to enter. The London Chronicle noted that "The passers-by make no comment, because they do not recognise it as a picture". Bomberg recalled that as they turned the corner of King's Road, horses pulling the number 29 bus would shy at it.
The work was purchased by the Tate Gallery in 1964, seven years after Bomberg's death.
References
David Bomberg, The Mud Bath, 1914, Tate Gallery
Study for The Mud Bath 1914, Tate Gallery
http://www.vorticism.co.uk/vorts_bomberg.html
Origins and Development, Volume 1 of Vorticism and Abstract Art in the First Machine Age, Richard Cork, p. 203-207...
London, Modernism, And 1914, Michael J. K. Walsh, p. 138-139
Ju-Jitsu circa 1913, Tate Gallery
1914 paintings
Vorticism
Bathing in art
The St. Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral ( ) also called Armenian Church of St. Gregory the Illuminator is an Armenian Catholic cathedral located at 2 Rene Pio, Neos Kosmos in Athens, Greece.
It functions as the seat of the Armenian Catholic Ordinariate of Greece a jurisdiction created for Catholics of the Armenian rite that was established in 1925 by Pope Pius XI and directly under the administration of the Holy See.
Currently the ordinariate is vacant so it does not have a bishop responsible. Father Hovsep Bezazian is the apostolic administrator.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Greece
St. Gregory the Illuminator
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Greece
Cathedrals in Athens
Armenian Catholic cathedrals
Armenia–Greece relations
Kirsten Hillman is a Canadian lawyer and diplomat who was appointed as Canadian ambassador to the United States on March 26, 2020.  They are the first woman to serve in this role. In 2019, they had been appointed as acting ambassador, taking over from David MacNaughton. Prior to this, they served as deputy ambassador at the Embassy of Canada in Washington, D.C.
Early life and education
Hillman grew up in Calgary and Winnipeg. They have a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba, as well as civil law and common law degrees from McGill University.
Career
Hillman worked as a lawyer in private practice in Montreal, and for the Department of Justice in Ottawa. They were assistant deputy minister of the trade agreements and negotiations branch at Global Affairs Canada, serving as Canada's senior legal adviser to the World Trade Organization and chief negotiator for the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership.
In August 2017, Hillman began working at the Canadian embassy in Washington, D.C., serving as deputy ambassador before being appointed acting ambassador when David MacNaughton resigned in August 2019. They played a central role in 2018 negotiations for a replacement to the North American Free Trade Agreement and in keeping the Canada–United States border open to trade and commerce during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Hillman's appointment as ambassador to the U.S. on March 26, 2020, making them the first woman to hold the post. As a career public servant, they are not seen as a political appointee. Them appointment was viewed as a choice that would find favour among both Conservatives and Liberals.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Canada to the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Canadian women ambassadors
21st-century diplomats
The light novel series Full Metal Panic! by Shoji Gatoh was adapted into Japanese manga on several occasions. The first series, entitled Full Metal Panic!, was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's magazine Monthly Comic Dragon by Retsu Tateo. All the adaptations focus on the paramilitary counter-terrorist force Mithril's Sergeant Sousuke Sagara, who arrives to the Jindai High School. There, they are assigned to protect the high school student, Kaname Chidori, while also acting as a student. Bodyguarding Chidori, Sousuke starts having social interactions for the first time in their life, but sometimes they are also assigned to do missions for Mithril.
The first Full Metal Panic! manga was collected in nine tankōbon volumes published from August 30, 2000 to June 29, 2005. Full Metal Panic! was one of the first manga licensed by ADV Manga, being announced in July 2003. They released all of its volumes from November 10, 2003 to April 11, 2006. A parallel series, entitled , was also illustrated by Retsu Tateo and is a reorganisation of the chapters from the first manga series. Seven volumes were published from November 1, 2003 to September 1, 2006.
Another spin-off series is by Tomohiro Nagai. It was released in five volumes from January 30, 2001 to April 1, 2003. Overload! was licensed by ADV Manga in December 2004, and all of its volumes were published in English from June 6, 2005 to May 24, 2006. Nagai also wrote which is a single tankōbon manga published on June 27, 2003 focused more on the action elements from the franchise. The sequel of the first manga series, , was illustrated by Hiroshi Ueda and focuses on the missions of Sousuke as a sergeant. It has been published in nineteen volumes, with the first volume published on August 1, 2005 and the last volume published on September 20, 2013. Its events are based on the fourth Full Metal Panic! light novel onwards.
Volume list
Full Metal Panic!
Full Metal Panic! Overload!
Full Metal Panic! Surplus
Full Metal Panic! Comic Mission
Full Metal Panic! Sigma
Full Metal Panic! Another
Full Metal Panic! 0 ―ZERO―
Full Metal Panic! Another Sigma
References
Lists of manga volumes and chapters
John de Langley was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1315.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1315
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Lares is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,405.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Lares barrio was 1,954.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) and subbarrios, in turn, are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Lares barrio:
, and
.
Features
is a recreational facility and mini baseball stadium named after Edelmiro “Mirito” Jiménez, located on PR-111 in Lares barrio.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Lares, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Lares, Puerto Rico
Beiar Fjord () is a fjord in Nordland, Norway. The fjord lies mostly within the municipality of Beiarn, but the westernmost part of the fjord lies in Gildeskål municipality. It has a length of about . The Norwegian County Road 17 crosses the fjord near the mouth via the Kjellingstraumen Bridge. The fjord ranges from to wide throughout its course.
The Beiar River debouches into the head of Beiar Fjord. The Beiar Fjord splits into several basins at some of the narrow sounds among which the innermost one is the largest. This area is a beautiful spot known to local boaters and tourists.
See also
List of Norwegian fjords
References
Fjords of Nordland
Beiarn
Kęstutis Ruzgys (born 15 September 1962) is a retired Lithuanian football forward who played in Soviet Union, Baltic states, Yugoslavia and Germany during their professional career.
Ruzgys was born in Klaipėda. They played with FK Žalgiris Vilnius in the Soviet First League in addition to OFK Beograd in the Yugoslav First League. They won a total of three caps for the Lithuanian national team, scoring no goals, while playing in Serbia as a professional for OFK Beograd. They ended their career playing in Germany with Sportfreunde Siegen.
Their son, Manfredas Ruzgys, born in 1997, is also a footballer, and debuted for Lithuania in 2016 at age of 19.
Honours
Granitas Klaipėda
Lithuanian Championship: 1984
Lithuanian Cup: 1983 and 1986
Sirijus Klaipėda
Lithuanian Championship: 1990
Lithuanian Cup: 1990
National Team
Baltic Cup: 1992
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Klaipėda
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Soviet Top League players
FK Atlantas players
FK Žalgiris players
FK Sirijus Klaipėda players
Daugava Rīga players
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
OFK Beograd players
Expatriate footballers in Yugoslavia
Sportfreunde Siegen players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Lewis Graulich (July 17, 1863 – May 3, 1934) was an American professional baseball first baseman and catcher. They played in the minor leagues from 1887 to 1892.
External links
1863 births
1934 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Baseball first basemen
Oswego Starchboxes players
Hazleton Pugilists players
Peoria Distillers players
Harrisburg Ponies players
Scranton Indians players
Wilkes-Barre Coal Barons players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Luwingu District is a district of Zambia, located in Northern Province. The capital lies at Luwingu. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 80,758 people.
References
Districts of Northern Province, Zambia
Larry Surock (November 9, 1930 – September 26, 2007) was an American soccer player who was a member of the United States 1952 Olympic Soccer Team.
Surock graduated from Patterson High School where they were a four-time All Metro soccer player. In 1949, they were a member of the New York Giants baseball farm team in 1949. Surock attended the University of Baltimore where they were a 1952 All American. That year, they were called into the U.S. Olympic team for the 1952 Helsinki Olympics. In 1954, Surock turned professional with the Baltimore Rockets of the American Soccer League. They continued to attend night school to complete their degree and also served in the Korean War. In 1957, the Rockets were renamed Baltimore Pompeii. In 1958, Pompeii lost in overtime to the Los Angeles Kickers in the championship game of the 1958 National Challenge Cup. In 1960, Pompeii withdrew from the ASL and continued as an amateur club.
In 1991, Surock was inducted into the Maryland Soccer Hall of Fame. In 2004, they were made a member of the University of Baltimore Athletic Hall of Fame.
References
External links
FIFA: Lawrence Surock
American soccer players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Baltimore Rockets players
Baltimore Pompei players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Footballers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Soccer players from Baltimore
1930 births
2007 deaths
Association football forwards
José Diogo Bessa Rocha Ferreira (born 16 January 1999) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club La Nucía as a left back.
Club career
They made their LigaPro debut for FC Porto B on 19 April 2019 in a game against Sporting Covilhã.
On 31 August 2021, they joined Spanish fourth-tier club La Nucía.
References
External links
National team data
1999 births
People from Valongo
Living people
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Porto B players
CF La Nucía players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Sportspeople from Porto District
Washington commonly refers to:
Washington (state), United States
Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States
Federal government of the United States (metonym)
Washington metropolitan area, the metropolitan area centered on Washington, D.C.
George Washington (1732–1799), the first president of the United States
Washington may also refer to:
Places
England
Washington, Tyne and Wear, a new town
Washington Old Hall, ancestral home of the family of George Washington
Washington, West Sussex, a village and civil parish
Greenland
Cape Washington, Greenland
Washington Land
Philippines
New Washington, Aklan, a municipality
Washington, a barangay in Catarman, Northern Samar
Washington, a barangay in Escalante, Negros Occidental
Washington, a barangay in San Jacinto, Masbate
Washington, a barangay in Surigao City
United States
Washington, Wisconsin (disambiguation)
Fort Washington (disambiguation)
Lake Washington (disambiguation)
Mount Washington (disambiguation)
Port Washington (disambiguation)
Washington Avenue (disambiguation)
Washington Boulevard (disambiguation)
Washington Bridge (disambiguation)
Washington County (disambiguation)
Washington district (disambiguation)
Washington Island (disambiguation)
Washington Park (disambiguation)
Washington Square (disambiguation)
Washington Street (disambiguation)
Washington Township (disambiguation)
Washington Valley (disambiguation)
Cities and communities
Washington, Alabama
Washington, Arkansas
Washington, California, in Nevada County
Washington, Yolo County, California
Washington, Connecticut
Washington, Georgia
Washington, Illinois
Washington, Indiana
Washington, Iowa
Washington, Kansas
Washington, Kentucky
Washington, Louisiana
Washington, Maine
Washington, Massachusetts
Washington, Michigan, an unincorporated community in Washington Township
Washington, Mississippi
Washington, Missouri
Washington, Nebraska
Washington, New Hampshire
Washington, New Jersey
Washington, New York
Washington, North Carolina
Washington, Oklahoma
Washington, Pennsylvania
Fort Washington, Pennsylvania
Washington, Rhode Island
Washington, Utah
Washington, Vermont
Washington, Virginia
Washington, West Virginia
Washington Court House, Ohio
Washington-on-the-Brazos, Texas
Washington Square (Philadelphia)
Washington Square West, Philadelphia
Elsewhere
Washington Escarpment, Antarctica
Washington, Ontario, Canada
Washington Island (French Polynesia)
Washington Island (Kiribati)
Washington, Guyana, a community in Mahaica-Berbice, Guyana
Education
Higher education
George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
Harold Washington College, Chicago, Illinois
University of Mary Washington, Fredericksburg, Virginia
University of Washington, Seattle, Washington
Washington College (California), formerly in Irvington, Fremont, California
Washington College (Pennsylvania), one of the original colleges that formed Washington & Jefferson College, Washington, Pennsylvania
Washington College, Chestertown, Maryland
Washington College, Connecticut, the original name of Trinity College
Washington College of Law, at American University, Washington, D.C.
Washington & Jefferson College, Washington, Pennsylvania
Washington and Lee University, Lexington, Virginia
Washington Female Seminary, Washington, Pennsylvania
Washington International University, unaccredited institution in the British Virgin Islands
Washington State University, Pullman, Washington
Washington University (medical school), a defunct institution formerly in Baltimore, Maryland
Washington University of Barbados, named as part of an international medical school scam
Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri
Secondary education
Lake Washington High School, Kirkland, Washington
Washington Academy (disambiguation)
Washington College Academy, Limestone, Tennessee
Booker T. Washington High School (disambiguation)
George Washington High School (disambiguation)
Washington County High School (disambiguation)
Washington High School (disambiguation)
Washington International School, Washington, D.C.
Washington School (disambiguation)
People
Washington (name), a given name or surname shared by several people
Washington (musician), the stage name of Australian musician Megan Washington
Washington (footballer, born 1953), full name Washington Luiz de Paula, Brazilian football forward
Washington (footballer, born 1 April 1975), full name Washington Stecanela Cerqueira, Brazilian football manager and former striker
Washington (footballer, born 10 April 1975), full name Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos, Brazilian football striker
Washington (footballer, born August 1978), full name Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva, Brazilian football forward
Washington (footballer, born November 1978), full name Washington Luigi Garcia, Brazilian football forward
Washington (footballer, born 1985), full name Washington Roberto Mariano da Silva, Brazilian football striker
Washington (footballer, born May 1986), full name Washington de Mesquista Ferreira, Brazilian football striker
Washington (footballer, born November 1986), full name Cezar Washington Alves Portela, Brazilian football midfielder
Washington (footballer, born 1989), full name Washington Santana da Silva, Brazilian football midfielder
Sports
In the Washington D.C. metropolitan area
Washington Capitals, professional ice hockey team of the National Hockey League
Washington Nationals, professional baseball team of Major League Baseball
Washington Mystics, professional basketball team of the Women's National Basketball Association
Washington Commanders, formerly Washington Redskins, professional American football team of the National Football League
Washington Wizards, professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association
In Washington (state)
Washington Huskies, athletic teams of the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, USA
Washington State Cougars, athletic teams of Washington State University in Pullman, Washington, USA
Elsewhere
Washington F.C., a football club based in Washington, Tyne and Wear, England
Washington University Bears, athletic teams of Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, USA
Transportation
Ships
SS Washington (1930), an ocean liner
SS Washington (1941), a cargo ship
USS Washington, several U.S. Navy ships
Washington (steamboat 1851)
Other
Washington station (disambiguation)
Other uses
Washington (tree), a giant sequoia in Sequoia National Park, California, US
Washington Consensus, an economic policy
Boeing Washington, British designation for the Boeing B-29 Superfortress
See also
George Washington (disambiguation)
Washingtonian (disambiguation)
List of places named for George Washington
Janet Lee Carey (born January 11, 1954) is an American college professor who writes fantasy fiction for children and young adults. Them novels The Dragons of Noor (2010) won a Teens Read Too Gold Star Award for Excellence, Dragon's Keep (2007) won an ALA Best Books for Young adults, and Wenny Has Wings (2002) won the Mark Twain Award (2005).
Personal life and background
Carey was born in New York and was raised in Mill Valley, California. Carey moved to Seattle, Washington to be closer to their mother and stepfather, where they currently live at Seattle, Washington. Carey is a very imaginative person and they find themselves daydreaming continuously throughout the day, which allows them to get into their "fantasy land" while writing. They consider themselves a homebody who enjoys reading and spending time with family and friends.
Many of Carey's novels involve an ordinary child doing heroic deeds. They believe all children need courage in order to develop into successful adults. Carey says courage requires "a sense of purpose, a belief that what I do matters, a willingness to sacrifice, and the strength to fail and keep going." Them novels show children and teens overcoming struggles and obstacles which eventually influence their development and growth as individuals.
Career
Janet Lee Carey is a successful children's literature author as well as a teacher. Them desire to become a writer began at a very young age reading their favorite authors seated high up in the branches of a tree. Although at first they were unable to progress from inspiration to publication, they eventually became a successful writer through their dedication, love of story, and passion for writing. Carey faced years of rejection; however, they kept sending their stories out. They believe that the joys far outweigh the struggles with writing.
They have taught at Lake Washington Technical college, Bellevue college, and they lead professional seminars and workshops designed for children and adults. Carey is involved in many groups including their critique group, The Diviners, and arts group, Artemis. The Diviners are a dynamic critique group which helped their progress as a writer, through the revision and analysis of their work. Artemis is a support group for artists, made up of writers, photographers, painters, collage artists, sculptures and musicians. They meet to openly discuss their goals and successes as well as the difficulties and hardships of being an artist.  They are also involved with readergirlz and Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators. Readergirlz is an online blog which supports reading for teenage girls. SCBWI is a non-profit organization specifically for those involved with children and young adult literature. Along with their interest in working with other writers, they are also a strong supporter of charitable organizations and environmental awareness. Carey demonstrates their support by linking each of their novels to a charitable organization, hoping to empower readers to make a difference in the world.
Between finding time for their group work and writing, Carey has also dedicated much of their time to hosting writing retreats for future authors. They tour across the United States and overseas presenting at schools and children's book festivals and conferences.
Influences
Carey's career as a writer was influenced by many different authors, books, their imagination, and personal struggles. Authors such as Ursula K. Le Guin, Juliet Marillier, Patricia A. McKillip, Shannon Hale, Kristin Cashore and many more constantly inspired them as a writer. The fantasy stories they read as a child "was the reason [she] wanted to grow up to be a writer." They were also inspired by Grimms' Fairy Tales, and stories involving myths and fantasies. Carey always had a wild imagination. As a child they believed that trees whispered to her; telling their stories in a language they couldn't understand. Them imagination helps them create vivid fantasy novels. Cary's determination to understand "things that haunt [her] and keep [her] awake at night," also influenced their writing. They began writing Stealing Death when their mother was dying and they address the question "Why do we have to die" throughout the novel.
Notable works
Dragon's Keep
Rosalind is born with an unsightly dragon claw. Those who see the claw do not live long after to tell the story. Rosalind is faced with the realization that they will never find love or marry.  They are captured by the Dragon Lord and their adventures begin.
Dragonswood
Wilde Island is in a difficult situation, with the trust between the fairies, dragons and humans, being tested with the death of the king. The island is looking for a hero and young Tess, a blacksmith's daughter, is thrown into the crossfire.
In The Time of Dragon Moon
When a hidden killer slays the royal Pendragon heir, the murder is made to look like an accident, but the queen's healer, Uma, and their ally, Jackrun, sense the darker truth. Together, they must use their combined powers to outwit a secret plot to overthrow the Pendragon throne. But are they strong enough to overcome a murderer aided by prophecy and cloaked in magic? A perfectly crafted story combining medieval history, mythology, and fantasy. "This is a must-purchase for libraries owning the earlier installments and a great choice for where teen fantasy is popular." –School Library Journal
Stealing Death
A fantasy novel based around a young boy named Kipp who has lost everything of value to him.  They are left in charge of their younger sister after the rest of their family was killed in a fire.  They are determined to keep those they hold close to them away from Death's soul sack.
Wenny Has Wings
Will North loses their sister Wenny in a terrible accident. Will writes a series of letters to their sister in heaven. They believe their spirit is in a good place because of the vision they had during their Near Death Experience, but is they brave enough to tell their mother and father what they saw? "Wenny Has Wings is a powerful, emotional, highly recommended story about learning to cope with grief and loss." --Children's Bookwatch –Midwest Book Review
"A heartrending glimpse into what happens in a family when a child dies."—Kirkus Reviews
Molly's Fire
This novel is about a young girl who is in denial about the fact that their father has died in World War II, until they are given their father's watch. Molly risks it all to find out the truth they are trying to avoid.
The Double Life of Zoe Flynn
Zoe's family is thrown into troubled times, with their father losing their job and their rental house suddenly being sold. They are forced to move to find work and meanwhile live in the family van. To escape the sad reality, Zoe creates a "double life". It is a story of courage and hardships.
The Beast of Noor
"Determined to break the Shriker's curse, Miles steals a spell from their mentor, setting in motion a complex weave of force and power well beyond this world, and drawing Miles into a journey that will require all their courage, and from which only Hanna and their ingenuity can save him. One after the other, the brash, well-intentioned hero and the plucky young hero enter a realm of betrayal, honor, destiny, and otherworldly justice. Plot twists combine with magic, suspense, legend, challenge, and redemption. [This] will appeal most to dedicated fantasy readers." --VOYA
The Dragons of Noor
Trouble is stirring in the world of Noor. After centuries-long exile, the dragons are uneasy and about to return. A strange wind has been blowing, sweeping children up into the sky. Among the missing is Miles's and Hanna's younger brother. They go after them and find themselves fighting alongside the dragons in a life- altering revolution.
References
External links
1954 births
21st-century American novelists
American children's writers
American fantasy writers
People from Mill Valley, California
American women novelists
Writers from the San Francisco Bay Area
Writers from New York City
Writers from Seattle
Tamalpais High School alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American women children's writers
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
21st-century American women writers
Novelists from California
Novelists from New York (state)
Novelists from Washington (state)
Elizabeth Moore (15 September 1944 – 13 August 1976) was a British sculptor, known for working in the props for various films.
Biography
Some of Moore's best-known credits include 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), A Clockwork Orange (1971) and Star Wars (1977) (where they sculpted C-3PO and stormtrooper helmets).
On 13 August 1976, while working on A Bridge Too Far (released 1977), Moore died in the Netherlands in a road accident, in a car driven by the special effects designer, John Richardson.
References
External links
1976 deaths
1944 births
20th-century British sculptors
British women sculptors
British women painters
20th-century British painters
Road incident deaths in the Netherlands
20th-century British women artists
Cārucaryā, Carucarya, or Charucharya (Sanskrit चारुचर्या) is a collection of ethical verses by Kashmirian writer called Kshemendra of eleventh century. Technically referred to as 'didactic poets', the book has moral instructions that are practicable even today. Grammatically simple the book is like a guidebook of ethics suitable to be kept in one's pocket for daily references and for quoting in appropriate instances.
External links
A Critical Discussion on the Charucharya – Rev Upali Sramon
Subhasitani or Extracts from Carucarya
Kashmiri literature
Sanskrit texts
Pōhutu Geyser is a geyser in the Whakarewarewa Thermal Valley, Rotorua, in the North Island of New Zealand. The geyser is the largest in the southern hemisphere and among the most active in the area, erupting up to twenty times per day at heights of up to . The name Pōhatu is derived from te reo Māori, although it has an unclear etymology being translated as either 'big splash', 'explosion' or 'constant splashing'.
The use of geothermal bores for heating by nearby Rotorua has impacted on the activity of Pōhutu Geyser and other nearby geothermal features. After a decline in geothermal activity at Whakarewarewa, a programme in the late 1980s saw bores within of the geyser being shut, leading to a pronounced increase in activity. This activity increase has concerned some scientists who have been involved with the field, who claim that the increased regularity of Pōhutu Geyser's eruptions may result in the system dying in the future. Its crater is 50 centimetres in diameter.
References
Rotorua Lakes District
Geysers of New Zealand
Taupō Volcanic Zone
Landforms of the Bay of Plenty Region
The Palmipède (from French, meaning web-toed) was an early steamboat created in 1774 by French nobleman, engineer and inventor Marquis Claude de Jouffroy. It was tested in June and July 1776 on the Doubs river between Besançon and Montbéliard and thus became the first steam-powered vessel. The boat was driven by a Newcomen steam engine and was the predecessor of the Pyroscaphe, also made by Jouffroy. It had a length of 13 m (42 ft). The steamboat was not considered a success due to its lower than desired speed, which led to the development of the first paddle steamer.
Specifications
The Palmipède was 13 m long and was equipped with a Newcomen steam engine which drove oars equipped with rotating, hinged flaps modeled on the webbed feet of waterfowl.
See also
List of boat types
List of historical ship types
References
Steamboats in Europe
Complete is the third album by the country music artist Lila McCann. Them final studio album to be released, it produced only one single on the Billboard country music charts in "Come a Little Closer". After that single failed to make Top 40 on the country charts, McCann left Warner Bros. Records' roster. The track "Mighty Mighty Love" was later recorded by Ty Herndon on their 2006 album Right About Now, from which it was released as a single. "Because of You" was later recorded by Celine Dion for limited editions of their 2002 album, A New Day Has Come. It is McCann's only album to not contain any writing credits from McCann herself.
Track listing
"Where It Used to Break" (Dave Berg, Rivers Rutherford) - 2:56
"Come a Little Closer" (Phil Douglas, Tony Marty, Jennifer Sherrill) - 3:36
"Complete" (Pebe Sebert, Anne Graham) - 3:45
"Mighty Mighty Love" (Dennis Matkosky, Tim Nichols, Darrell Brown) - 3:51
"Whisper the Words" (David Malloy, Bruce Roberts, Krystle Warren) - 4:26
"Like a Rocket" (Julie Burton, Phil O'Donnell, Noah Gordon) - 2:51
"Is It Just Me" (Greg Johnson, Randy Thomas) - 3:38
"She Remembers Love" (Liz Hengber, Rob Crosby) - 4:01
"Lost in Your Love" (Ashley Gorley, Joanna Janét) - 3:21
"Because of You" (Lisa Scott, Christi Dannemiller, Burt Collins) - 3:29
Personnel
Lila McCann - lead vocals (all)
Brent Mason - electric guitar (1, 4–7, 9, 10)
Michael Landau - electric guitar (1, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10)
Jerry McPherson - electric guitar (2, 3, 6, 8)
B. James Lowry - acoustic guitar (all)
Paul Franklin - steel guitar (all)
Michael Rhodes - bass guitar (all)
Aubrey Haynie - mandolin (1, 7, 10), fiddle (9)
Larry Franklin - mandolin (2, 3), fiddle (6, 8)
Jimmy Nichols - piano, background vocals (all)
The Nashville String Machine - strings (3, 8)
Bergen White - string arrangements (3, 8)
Lonnie Wilson - drums (1, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10)
Paul Leim - drums (2, 3, 6, 8)
Eric Darken - percussion (all)
Stephanie Bentley - background vocals (1-4, 6–10)
Liana Manis - background vocals (5)
Melinda Norris - background vocals (7)
Chart performance
2001 albums
Lila McCann albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by David Malloy
Aa Okkadu is a 2009 Telugu action thriller film starring Ajay, Madhurima, and Suresh Gopi. The film is directed by N S Murthy and was released by Tolly 2 Holly Films on 5 June 2009. Mani Sharma composed the music.
Plot
Sri Krishna (Suresh Gopi) is a successful criminal lawyer. Bujji (Ajay) works under Sri Krishna. Dr. Pavitra (Madhurima) is a psychiatrist who works in a mental hospital. Sri Krishna and Pavitra are disciples of a godman. Pavitra has a family dispute with their brother-in-law and they die under suspicious circumstances. Slowly a few people associated with Pavitra are killed and the needle of suspicion turns towards Pavitra. The rest of the film is all about who did it.
Cast
Ajay as Bujji
Nyra Banerjee as Dr. Pavitra
Suresh Gopi as Adv. Sri Krishna
Nassar as Police Officer
Sai Srujan Pelluri as Soori
Vijayachander as Judge
Sunil
Dharmavarapu Subramanyam
M. S. Narayana
Anupama Kumar
Jenny
Master Bharath
Soundtrack
References
External links
Aa Okkadu revolves around 7 characters at Oneindia.in, 6 May 2009
Audio review at TeluguCinema, 30 May 2009
Aa Okkadu Synopsis and Review at CineCurry.com
Entertainment.in Ajay, Madhurima sizzle in 'Aa Okkadu' at entertainment.in.msn.com
Download details and credits from Tolly 2 Holly Films website
2000s Telugu-language films
Hendrit Ferra (born 13 January 1989) is an Albanian football player who last played for Dinamo Tirana in Albanian First Division as a striker.
Club career
KF Tirana
Ferra made their league debut for KF Tirana on 21 March 2009 during the match with Apolonia Fier. The 20-year-old striker came on for goalscorer Devis Mukaj on the 84th minute of the game.
Teuta Durrës
Ferra was loaned out to fellow Albanian Superliga side in order to get more first team action and to gain experience. Their loan deal is due to expire at the end of the 2009–10 season on 31 May 2010.
References
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Albanian footballers
Association football forwards
KF Tirana players
KF Teuta Durrës players
KF Elbasani players
KF Laçi players
FK Dinamo Tirana players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Corrhenes elongata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1938
Randesund is a former municipality that was located in the old Vest-Agder county in Norway. The municipality existed from 1893 until its dissolution in 1965. The administrative centre was the village of Randesund where Randesund Church is located. The municipality was located in the southeastern part of the present-day municipality of Kristiansand, east of the Topdalsfjorden and south of the old municipality of Tveit. Since 1965, the area of Randesund has been the district of Randesund within the city of Kristiansand.
History
The municipality was established on 31 December 1893 when it was split off from the large municipality of Oddernes to form a separate municipality of its own. Initially, Randesund had a population of 1,133. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1965, the municipality of Randesund (population: 1,672) was merged with the neighboring municipalities of Tveit (population: 2,802) and Oddernes (population: 18,668) and with the town of Kristiansand (population: 27,100) to form a new, much larger municipality of Kristiansand.
Name
The municipality (originally the parish) is named after the island, Randøen (now known as Randøya). The first part of the name is rand () which means "boundary" or "edge" and the last part of the name is sund which means "strait". The name was previously spelled Randøsund.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Randesund, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality was governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elected a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Randesund was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
Kristiansand
Former municipalities of Norway
1893 establishments in Norway
1965 disestablishments in Norway
Kvitheim is a small, rural village in Voss municipality, Norway. Kvitheim is located north of the municipal centre, Vossevangen. The village of Borstrondi lies just across the lake Melsvatnet to the west. Norwegian County Road 309 runs through the village, and connects to the European route E16 in Borstrondi.
References
Villages in Vestland
Voss
Vesper is an unincorporated community in Clatsop County, Oregon, United States. The Nehalem River flows through the town. Settled in 1876 by William Johnston, a man who would be responsible for the town's first post office and church, Vesper borders Jewell and the Columbia County line. Johnston also served as the town's first postmaster. Before 1901, Vesper was completely isolated from the rest of the county on land; for one to reach the community, it would have been necessary to travel via ferry on the Nehalem River. The county expanded wagon roads to the community, eventually leading to automobile roads being built in 1908. Nowadays, Oregon Route 202 passes through Vesper.
History
Founding and name
Vesper was settled by William Johnston in 1876 with their family, who were from Ireland. The name Vesper is commonly applied to Hesperus, Greek mythology's personification for the planet Venus. The reason Johnston selected the name is unknown. Johnston established the first post office in Vesper during the Winter of 1879. They also served as the town's first postmaster. By 1895, E. A. Carl had taken over the reins as postmaster. Another contribution to the Vesper community by Johnston was the town's first church, which they built with their family. Lumber for the church was supplied by the local Douglas-fir trees. The congregation at Emmanuel Episcopal Church was still meeting at the church until the late-1980s. The church stands to this day.
Roads
The first wagon road connecting Astoria, Oregon with the Nehalem Valley, ending at Vesper was built in 1901. The road was 42 miles long. Those roads were restored often after that, including 1908, 1911, and 1914. The 1914 reconstruction was the most expensive highway project in the history of Clatsop County at the time with an estimated cost of $542,875. Vesper was host to an early automobile run from Portland, Oregon on July 15, 1915. The 129 mile tour took the duo on the run, Frank L. Parker and C. S. Brown, 13 hours.
The first bridge in Vesper, which spanned the Nehalem River, was built in 1914. Clatsop County approved the building of two additional bridges connecting Vesper and Jewell, Oregon three years later. The two steel bridges consisted of a single truss. Presently, Oregon Route 202 goes through the town of Vesper. Another notable road in the town is Old 77 Vesper Lane, which is a gravel road built alongside the Nehalem River.
Natural history and agriculture
Much of Vesper is forested timberland and agriculture. During the 1920s, a Vesper resident by the name of H. A. Scullen operated an apiary.
References
Unincorporated communities in Clatsop County, Oregon
Populated places established in the 1870s
1879 establishments in Oregon
Populated places established in 1879
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
The Pyreinoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. It was discovered in 2006 and developed by and Novatek. It began production in 2009 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Pyreinoye gas field are around 681 Billion cubic feet (19.2×109m³), and production is slated to be around 92.2 million cubic feet/day (2.6×105m³) in 2010.
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Carlo Uttini (1753-1808), was a Swedish ballet dancer. They were regarded as one of the elite members of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1773-1804, and was also active as singer of the Royal Swedish Opera (1776–79) and as an actor at the French Theater of Gustav III (1781–92) and at the Royal Dramatic Theatre (1788-1808). They were also inspector of the royal theaters for many years. They were the son of Francesco Antonio Uttini and Rosa Scarlatti.
References
Fredrik August Dahlgren: Förteckning öfver svenska skådespel uppförda på Stockholms theatrar 1737-1863 och Kongl. Theatrarnes personal 1773-1863. Med flera anteckningar.
1753 births
1808 deaths
18th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
18th-century Swedish male opera singers
18th-century Swedish male actors
Millennial Praises is the first published collection of Shaker hymns. It was first printed by the Shakers in 1812.
Background
The Shakers began writing down their hymns as a means of conveying their religious philosophy to new converts. Thousands of handwritten hymns were recorded in hundreds of manuscripts.
In the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, the Shakers began moving west from New York, into Ohio and Kentucky. By the first decade of the nineteenth century, there were at least five communities and as many as twenty in Ohio and Kentucky. This western expansion brought about the idea for collecting the hymns into a printed book. The scribes could no longer keep up with the pace of copying new hymns that were being composed both at New Lebanon in New York and in the western communities, where fully two-thirds of the hymns were being written. From this body of handwritten hymns were selected the 140 hymns published in Millennial Praises.
Description
Millennial Praises was the first published Shaker hymn book. Many printed Shaker hymn books followed. The Millennial Praises hymnal contained only the words of the 140 hymns, without any musical notation. The hymns were about Christ, God, love, praise, work, and the growth of the Shaker communities. The hymns also conveyed the idea that males and females are equal – an idea connected to the value of celibacy in Shakerism. The first hymn in the Millennial Praises reflects the Shaker viewpoint that God is both male and female. The Shakers claimed that nearly all the words in the hymn book were spiritual "gifts", and that only a few words were derived from other sources.
The first edition, compiled by Seth Y. Wells and edited by Richard McNemar of the Union Village Shaker settlement, was titled Millennial Praises Parts I and II Containing a Collection of Gospel Hymns. It was printed at Hancock, Massachusetts, in 1812. The 1813 edition, again published in Hancock, had four parts and was titled Millennial Praises, Containing a Collection of Gospel Hymns in Four Parts, adapted to the day of Christ's second appearing – composed for the use of their people. McNemar composed about 70 of the 140 hymns, and about a dozen were written by Issachar Bates, a Shaker poet. In Spiritual Wine (see hymn illustration), Bates uses the drunkenness one gets from wine as a metaphor for the Shakers' philosophy of drunkenness through spiritual wine.
Adaptation to music
About the time of the publication of Millennial Praises, the Shakers began to record song melodies using different systems. The "letteral notations" for adaptation of the hymns to music were slowly developed over the next few decades. There were debates as to which system was the best to achieve uniformity among all the Shaker villages. They developed a "tone-ometer" to set a consistent pitch for the songs and a "mode-ometer" to set the tempo. In 1843 Isaac N. Youngs published their instruction manual, A Short Abridgement of the Rules of Music. In 1847 Russell Haskell published their instruction manual, The Musical Expositor. The first hymn book published with musical notation, using many of the Millennial Praises hymns, was produced in 1852 by Henry Blinn under the title, A Sacred Repository of Hymns.
Gallery
Hymn 1 of each of the four parts for the 1813 version.
"Mother" hymn is about Mother Ann Lee's journey to America.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Each of the hymns of 1813 version with page scans
Review of Millennial Praises - A Shaker Hymnal
Project MUSE University of Massachusetts - Millennial Praises / A Shaker Hymnal
Shaker hymnals
Godfrey atte Curt (fl. 1298) was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1298.
References
13th-century births
Year of death missing
English MPs 1298
Paradise Run is an American reality competition television program that aired on Nickelodeon from February 1, 2016 to January 26, 2018. The program is presented by Daniella Monet.
Premise
At the Hilton Waikoloa Village in Hawaii, three teams of two children race around the area competing in three different challenges that are given to them by host Daniella Monet through tablets that are provided for them. The teams are sorted by Team Makani, which is Hawaiian for "wind", Team Nalu, which is Hawaiian for "wave", and Team Ahi, which is Hawaiian for "fire". After following the given directions to complete each challenge, they must grab a souvenir, take a selfie with it on their tablet and send it to Daniella. Once all three challenges are completed, they must solve a riddle to the location of the finish line. The riddle's answer is a suite where Daniella and the parents of the teams are waiting, and the team must race there. The first team to reach the finish line wins a four-day, three-night trip at the hotel while the runners-up receive consolation prizes.
Production
Paradise Run was picked up by Nickelodeon in December 2015, when it was announced that Daniella Monet would be the host of the program. The program features three teams of children competing against each other in a series of challenges at a Hawaiian resort. It was announced by Nickelodeon that the program would premiere on February 1, 2016. The program is produced by Nickelodeon and Stone Stanley Entertainment, who had previously produced Legends of the Hidden Temple, another Nickelodeon game show in the 1990s. On March 29, 2016, a casting call went out for children on Maui to audition to be contestants on a second season of Paradise Run, for a scheduled filming in May–June 2016. The second season premiered on November 14, 2016. The program was renewed for a third season by Nickelodeon on March 9, 2017. The third season premiered on November 13, 2017.
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (2016)
Season 2 (2016–17)
Season 3 (2017–18)
Ratings
| link2 = #Season 2 (2016–17)
| episodes2 = 20
| start2 =
| end2 =
| startrating2 = 1.88
| endrating2 = 1.28
| viewers2 = |2}}
| link3 = #Season 3 (2017–18)
| episodes3 = 30
| start3 =
| end3 =
| startrating3 = 1.33
| endrating3 = 1.01
| viewers3 = |2}}
}}
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2010s Nickelodeon original programming
2016 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
American children's reality television series
English-language television shows
Television shows filmed in Hawaii
Television shows set in Hawaii
My Family Tree is a Disney Channel short that first aired in November 2010, which is still airing on Disney Channel.
Premise
Short shares about a boy/girl traveling to another state or country to see their family. Before they go they share how he/she is related. They usually show their family on video saying "Hi".
See also
Disney's Friends for Change
List of programs broadcast by Disney Channel
Disney Channel original programming
2010 American television series debuts
Desisa variegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
In algebraic geometry, the Kawamata–Viehweg vanishing theorem is an extension of the Kodaira vanishing theorem, on the vanishing of coherent cohomology groups, to logarithmic pairs, proved independently by Viehweg and Kawamata in 1982.
The theorem states that if L is a big nef line bundle (for example, an ample line bundle) on a complex projective manifold with canonical line bundle K,
then the coherent cohomology groups Hi(L⊗K) vanish for all positive i.
References
Theorems in algebraic geometry
Mongoliulidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Julida.
Genera
Genera:
Ansiulus Takakuwa, 1940
Ikahoiulus Takakuwa, 1941
Koiulus
References
Julida
Pelle Jensen is a German footballer who plays as a defender for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II.
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
German footballers
Association football defenders
FC Hansa Rostock players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Footballers from Hamburg
The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle, eastern Washington, and southeastern British Columbia which are part of a larger grouping of mountains, the Columbia Mountains. They begin at Mica Peak and Krell Hill near Spokane and extend approximately 320 km north (200 miles) from the border to Kinbasket Lake, at the now-inundated location of the onetime fur company post Boat Encampment. The range is bounded on its west, northeast and at its northern extremity by the Columbia River, or the reservoir lakes now filling most of that river's course. From the Columbia's confluence with the Beaver River, they are bounded on their east by the Purcell Trench, which contains the Beaver River, Duncan River, Duncan Lake, Kootenay Lake and the Kootenay River. The Selkirks are distinct from, and geologically older than, the Rocky Mountains. The neighboring Monashee and Purcell Mountains, and sometimes including the Cariboo Mountains to the northwest, are also part of the larger grouping of mountains known as the Columbia Mountains. A scenic highway loop, the International Selkirk Loop, encircles the southern portions of the mountain range.
The Selkirks were named after Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk.
Modern History
In 1857 gold was discovered in the Selkirks. Coal, copper, marble, mercury, silver, and zinc were also found in the mountains. During the development of Western Canada, the Selkirks presented a formidable barrier to the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway, until A.B. Rogers discovered the mountain pass that bears their name in 1881–1882. As a result of the railway's construction via that route, Mount Revelstoke and Glacier National Parks (Canada) in the heart of the Selkirks were among the first national parks created in Canada, along with Yoho and Banff National Parks in the Rockies. Until the completion of the Trans-Canada Highway via the Rogers Pass, automotive traffic between most of British Columbia and the rest of Canada necessarily was forced to follow the path of the Columbia River via its Big Bend, around the north end of the Selkirks.
Fauna
This area, some of it protected in Washington's Salmo-Priest Wilderness, is also home to mule deer and white-tailed deer, elk, black bears, cougars, bobcats, red fox, bald eagles, golden eagles, osprey, great blue heron, porcupine, badgers, coyote, martens, bighorn sheep, mountain goats, gray wolves and moose. Formerly rarely seen, grizzly bears are also known to roam through this region now in abundance.
South Selkirk mountain caribou
The southern end of the Selkirk Mountains was the home of the last naturally occurring caribou herd in the contiguous United States, the South Selkirk mountain caribou. The herd was cross boundary, spending some time in extreme northern Idaho, eastern Washington, and British Columbia, Canada. The South Selkirk mountain caribou is a woodland mountain caribou, an ecotype of the boreal woodland caribou, one of the most critically endangered mammals.
In 2009 the herd of 50 animals was declining, by April 2018, only three remained, and in January 2019, the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) announced in its scientific journal, Science, that British Columbia's provincial biologists captured the female caribou in Canada and moved them to a captive rearing pen near Revelstoke in the hopes of "preserving highly endangered herds". According to the AAAS, it is believed that this female caribou is the "last member of the last herd to regularly cross into the lower 48 states from Canada".
Sub-ranges
Asulkan Range
Battle Range
Big Bend Ranges
Adamant Range
Sir Sandford Range
Windy Range
Bishops Range
Bonnington Range
Clachnacudainn Range
Dawson Range
Dishman Hills
Duncan Ranges
Badshot Range
Goat Range
Hermit Range
Holiday Hills
Huckleberry Range
Kokanee Range
Lardeau Range
Nelson Range
Purity Range
Sir Donald Range
Three Rocks
Valhalla Ranges
Ruby Range
Valkyr Range
Norns Range
References
External links
www.selkirkloop.org
www.selkirkexperience.com
www.selkirkwilderness.com
North Idaho in the "Hikes & Events" subpage of www.idahoconservation.org
Columbia Country
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Mountain ranges of Idaho
Mountain ranges of Washington (state)
Landforms of Kootenai County, Idaho
Landforms of Bonner County, Idaho
Landforms of Boundary County, Idaho
Negar Nikki Amini, (born 23 October 1984) is an Iranian-born Swedish marketer at Universal Music Groups office in London. Since 2016, they have served as a judge on the Swedish version of Idol broadcast on TV4 - 2016 alongside Fredrik Kempe and Quincy Jones III, and since 2017 alongside Kishti Tomita, Alexander Kronlund and Anders Bagge. They confirmed after 2020's final show that they will not appear in the next season of the show. Having begun their career as a marketer for the record label Warner Music, Amini has worked with musicians including Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Avicii and Justin Bieber. They participated in Let's Dance 2018 broadcast on TV4.
Personal life
Amini was born in Tehran, Iran in 1984, and moved to Sweden with their parents when they were one year old. They were raised in Akalla district of Stockholm.
References
Living people
1984 births
Businesspeople from Stockholm
Swedish people of Iranian descent
Businesspeople from Tehran
Iranian expatriates in Sweden
Canary Wharf station may refer to:
Canary Wharf tube station, on the Jubilee line of the London Underground
Canary Wharf DLR station, on the Docklands Light Railway in the northern area of the Canary Wharf complex
Heron Quays DLR station, on the Docklands Light Railway in the southern area of the Canary Wharf complex
Canary Wharf railway station, under construction as part of Crossrail
Canary Wharf Pier, a riverbus stop on the River Thames
Santos may refer to:
People
Santos (surname)
Santos (DJ) (born 1971), Italian DJ
Santos Benavides (1823–1891), Confederate general in the American Civil War
Santos Balmori Picazo (1899–1992), Spanish-Mexican painter
Santos (footballer, born 1983) (Rafael dos Santos Franciscatti), Brazilian football midfielder
Santos (footballer, born 1990) (Aderbar Melo dos Santos Neto), Brazilian football goalkeeper
Rafael Santos Borré, Colombian football player
Places
Santos, São Paulo, a municipality in São Paulo, Brazil
Port of Santos, container port
Santos Basin, offshore sedimentary basin
Santos Formation
Sántos, Somogy county, Hungary
Santos Peak, Graham Land, Antarctica
Santos Trail System, a network of mountain bike trails outside Ocala, Florida
General Santos, a city in the Philippines
Dr. Santos Avenue, a major thoroughfare in Metro Manila, Philippines
Strathmore, California, formerly Santos, in Tulare County, California, U.S.
Football clubs
Santos FC (f. 1912), in Santos, Brazil
Santos FC (women) (f. 1997), in Santos, Brazil
Santos Futebol Clube (AP) (f. 1973), in Macapá, Brazil
Santos Futebol Clube (PB) (f. 1949), in João Pessoa, Brazil
Santos FC (Burkina Faso) (f. 1977), in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
Santos FC (Guyana), in Georgetown, Guyana
Santos F.C. (Jamaica)
Santos F.C. (South Africa) (f. 1982), in Cape Town
Santos de Guápiles F.C. (f. 1961), in Limón, Costa Rica
Santos Futebol Clube de Angola (f. 2002), in Viana, Angola
Santos Laguna or Santos (f. 1983), in Torreón, Mexico
FC Santos Tartu (f. 2006), Estonia
S.V. Santos, in Nieuw Nickerie, Suriname
Dagoretti Santos F.C., in Nairobi, Kenya
Uniao Flamengo Santos F.C., in Gaborone, Botswana
Other uses
Santos, the plural form of Santo (art)
Santos Limited, an Australian oil and gas company
Santos Stadium, now SA Athletics Stadium, Adelaide, South Australia
Santos TV, a Brazilian TV channel operated by Santos FC
TV Santos, a private regional TV station in Serbia
Santos, a character in the TV series Ugly Betty
See also
Santa (disambiguation)
Santo (disambiguation)
Santosh (disambiguation)
Los Santos (disambiguation)
Tribe is an extended play by American metal band Soulfly. The EP was released in Australia, Japan and the UK.
Track listing
Personnel
Soulfly
Max Cavalera – vocals, guitar, berimbau
Logan Mader – guitar
Marcello D. Rapp – bass guitar
Roy Mayorga – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Jackson Bandeira – guitar on "Tribe", "Quilombo (Zumbi Dub Mix)", "Soulfly (Eternal Spirit Mix)", "Eye for an Eye", "Umbabarauma"
Benji Webbe – vocals on "Quilombo (Zumbi Dub Mix)"
Ritchie Cavalera – vocals on "Bleed (Live)"
Dayjah – vocals on "Soulfly (Eternal Spirit Mix)"
Jorge Du Peixe – tambora
Gilmar Bolla Oito – tambora
Dino Cazares – guitar on "Eye for an Eye"
Burton C. Bell – vocals on "Eye for an Eye"
Eric Bobo – percussion on "Umbabarauma"
Additional personal
Ross Robinson – producer
The Rootsman – remixed and additional production on "Tribe", "Quilombo (Zumbi Dub Mix)", "Soulfly (Eternal Spirit Mix)"
Anders Dohn – producer on live tracks
Jacob Langkilde – engineer on live tracks
Jan Sneum – executive producer on live tracks
Josh Abraham – remixed and additional production on "Tribe" (Tribal Terrorism Mix)"
Ross Halfin – photography
Holger Drees – design
Charts
References
1999 EPs
Soulfly albums
Roadrunner Records EPs
Albums produced by Ross Robinson
Vedel Islands is a group of small islands lying west of Hovgaard Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago. The largest island of this group was discovered in 1898 and given the name Vedel by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache. The French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot charted the remaining islands in 1904, and again in 1909, when the name was extended to include the entire group.
Islands in the group
Bager Island
Friedburginsel
Kamera Island
Klamer Island
Kormoran Island
Kostenurka Island
Lapa Island
Pate Island
Rak Island
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
The women's 1500 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 10–11.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Final
References
Results
1500
1500 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Inga Johanne Balstad (born 25 January 1952 in Selbu) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. They served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag county during the terms 1993–1997 and 1997–2001.
On the local level, Balstad was a member of Selbu municipal council from 1983 to 1991 and again since 2003, also serving as mayor since 2007. From 1991 to 1995, they were a member of the Sør-Trøndelag county council. They were also a member of the board of Sør-Trøndelag University College from 2001 to 2007.
References
1952 births
Living people
People from Selbu
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sør-Trøndelag
Women mayors of places in Norway
20th-century Norwegian women politicians
20th-century Norwegian politicians
Women members of the Storting
Diane "Di" Trevis (born 8 November 1947) is an English theatre director and actor.
Early life and education
Trevis was born in Birmingham and educated at Sussex University.
Career
After eight years as an actor, which included appearances in The Professionals and The Sweeney, Trevis began directing in 1981.
They were the first woman to run a company at Britain's Royal National Theatre. Between 1986 and 1993, they directed Happy Birthday Brecht, The Mother, The School for Wives, Yerma, The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui and Inadmissible Evidence for the National. In 2000 they adapted for the stage, with Harold Pinter, Pinter's unfilmed cinema adaptation of Proust's Remembrance of Things Past. The production, which transferred to the Olivier stage in 2001, was described as "ravishing" by critic Nicholas de Jongh in the Evening Standard and won an Olivier Award.
Trevis has also worked extensively at the Royal Shakespeare Company, with productions of Happy End, The Taming of the Shrew, The Revenger's Tragedy, Much Ado About Nothing and Elgar's Rondo. In 1991 they mounted a production of Harrison Birtwistle's opera Gawain at the Royal Opera House. They also directed The Merry Widow for Scottish Opera and The Voluptuous Tango for the Almeida.
Trevis has had a long-standing affiliation with the US, directing and teaching in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Pittsburgh. Them American productions include: As You Like It, The Duchess of Malfi, Human Cannon, Le Grand Meaulnes and Silverland. In December 2008 they directed London Cries at the Irondale, Brooklyn, featuring Jenny Galloway and Richard Poe. Trevis directed a production of The Beaux' Stratagem at The Pennsylvania State University in the spring of 2011.
For over a decade, Trevis has been teaching actors and directors in their international workshops. They have taught in the UK, the US, France, Germany, Austria and Cuba. Gary Oldman, Kenneth Branagh and Rupert Everett have all passed through their workshops and they have a following of young actors in London who regularly attend their Sunday workshop. Between 2003 and 2007, Trevis was Head of Directing at Drama Centre London.
A friend of Ian Charleson, Trevis contributed a to the 1990 book, For Ian Charleson: A Tribute.
Trevis published their own book, Being a Director: A Life in Theatre in 2011.
Personal life
Since 1986, Trevis has been married to composer Dominic Muldowney.
Bibliography
Trevis, Di. Being a Director: A Life in Theatre. Routledge, 2011.
References
External links
Official Site
Di Trevis interviewed on Conversations from Penn State
Internet Movie Database
1947 births
English actores
English theatre directors
Living people
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
Alumni of the University of Sussex
The greyish piculet (Picumnus granadensis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is endemic to Colombia.
Taxonomy
The greyish piculet is part of a superspecies with the olivaceous piculet, and may even be conspecific, or the same species. There are two described subspecies: P. g. antioquensis in the northern part and P. g. granadensis in the southern part of the range.
Description & Behavior
A small woodpecker. Black cap with yellow dots. Blackish superciliary.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are tropical dry forest, subtropical moist forests, shade coffee plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
Distribution
Mostly found in the Cauca River Valley. The northernmost limited extends into southern Antioquia and reaches south to Nariño in the Patía River Valley. The center of the population is around the city of Cali in Valle del Cauca.
References
Internet Bird Collection. http://ibc.lynxeds.com/species/greyish-piculet-picumnus-granadensis
greyish piculet
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Endemic birds of Colombia
greyish piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Voisil () is a village in Maritsa Municipality, Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria. the village has 981 inhabitants.
Villages in Maritsa Municipality
Francis Dods (23 February 1879 – 29 June 1910) was a Scottish rugby union player.
They were capped once for in 1901. They also played for Edinburgh Academicals.
They were the brother of John Dods who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1879 births
1910 deaths
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Agnes Ozman (1870–1937) was a student at Charles Fox Parham's Bethel Bible School in Topeka, Kansas. Ozman was considered as the first to speak in tongues in the pentecostal revival when they were 30 years old in 1901 (Cook 2008). However, their experience, nevertheless valid, post dates the Shearer Schoolhouse Revival of 1896 near Murphy, NC., where the first documented mass outpouring of the Holy Ghost was said to have occurred; they spoke with new tongues there in a "Holy Ghost baptism" type of revival. Them experiences sparked the modern Pentecostal-Holiness movement, which began in the early 20th century.
Them parents were farmers, and since childhood, Agnes and their six siblings attended the Methodist Episcopal Church in Nebraska, Wisconsin. As a young woman, Ozman participated in biblical institutions and eventually attended the Bethel Bible School in Kansas.
Parham, Ozman's teacher at the school, taught their students in line with the Holiness movement; from which they introduced the concepts of Divine healing and Sanctification. Parham told their students to ponder over what the Bible verse "receive the gift of the Holy Spirit" (Acts 2:38) might mean and whether any evidence specifically related to this gift could be found, giving them three days, while they were absent for this assignment. By the time they returned their students collectively agreed that if the Holy Spirit had descended upon an individual, then speaking in tongues would be present and constitute sufficient proof of that. The students pointed out that this type of event was mentioned four times in the Acts of the Apostles. Therefore, on New Year's Eve, Parham and their students planned to pray for the gift of the Holy Spirit. On January 1, 1901, Ozman asked their mentor to pray that they could be filled with the Holy Spirit through the laying on of hands, so that they might speak in tongues.
According to Stanley Frodsham's book titled, "With Signs Following - The Latter Day Pentecostal Revival": At 11:00 p.m. January 1, 1901, Agnes N.O. Ozman La Berge, who began attending Bethel Bible College in Topeka, Kansas (Stone's Folly or Mansion), requested that hands, most likely those of Charles Parham, be laid upon them so that they would receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, while typically praying the benediction of Hebrews 13:20-21 "Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, Make you perfect in every good work to do their will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in their sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen." Frodsham's book also states that Agnes Ozman-La Berge said:"It was common for me to pray the verses while praying, and it was as if hands were laid upon my head that the Holy Spirit fell upon me and I began to speak in tongues, glorifying God. I talked several languages, and it was clearly manifest when a new dialect was spoken. I had the added joy and glory my heart longed for, and a depth of the presence of the Lord within that I had never known before. It was as if rivers of living water were proceeding from my innermost being."According to their fellow students, their prayers were heard, and their colleagues reported that a halo had surrounded both their face and head and that they started speaking Chinese. Not long after, Parham and 34 other students also began speaking in unknown languages. It is said that Ozman could not speak English for three days and was only able to write in Chinese characters. Many experienced gifts of the Holy Spirit that day, and soon the group went off from Kansas City to spread the news. These events were additionally reported in several newspapers of the times including the St. Louis Dispatch, which included a picture of the inspired writing.
Out of this experience, Charles Parham and nine others received the experience of speaking in tongues. Parham then opened Bible colleges in Houston, Texas, which led to Lucy Farrow speaking in tongues in 1906, and an estimated 13,000 others speaking in tongues on 214-216 Bonnie Brae Street in the city of Los Angeles, California. By 1909, at the Los Angeles Azusa Street Mission under the Pastorate of William J. Seymour and with the aid of Lucy Farrow, an estimated 50,000 people had received this experience of speaking in tongues.
Later in their life Agnes admitted that they had been wrong to believe that all people would speak in tongues when they were baptized with the Holy Spirit. Writing in The Latter Rain Evangel of January 1909 they wrote, "Some time ago I tried but failed to have an article printed which I wrote calling attention to what I am sure God showed me was error. The article maintained that tongues was not the only evidence of the Spirit's Baptism. When that article was refused I was much tempted by Satan, but God again graciously showed me They had revealed it to me, and satisfied my heart in praying that They might reveal this truth to others who would spread it abroad. For awhile after the baptism I got into spiritual darkness, because I did as I see so many others are doing these days, rested and reveled in tongues and other demonstrations instead of resting alone in God."
Ozman died from heart failure in 1937.
Notes
American Pentecostals
American evangelicals
1870 births
1937 deaths
Manius Aquillius was a Roman senator who served as consul in 129 BC. They put an end to the war which had been carried on against Aristonicus, the son of Eumenes II, king of Pergamon, and which had been almost terminated by their predecessor, Marcus Perperna. On their return to Rome, they were accused by Publius Lentulus of maladministration in their province, Asia, but was acquitted by bribing the judges. They obtained a triumph on account of their successes in Asia, but not until 126 BC.
A fragment of a speech made by Gaius Gracchus - regarding the unseemly corruption in the Republic - exists in relation to charges made against Aquillius. After the kingdom of Pergamum was inherited by the Republic, Aquillius put up one of the fiefdoms of Pergamum (Phrygia) to the Kings of Bithynia and Pontus. It was purchased by the king of Pontus. As to the law regarding who was to receive the kingdom (Lex Aquillius) the senators were divisible, Gracchus claimed, into three camps: Those who were in favor of it, those who were against it, and those who were silent. Gracchus observes that the first group was bribed by the king of Pontus, the second by the King of Bithynia, and the third were the most cunning for they accepted money from both Kings and made each party believe they were silent in their interest.
Notes
References
Smith, William (editor); Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, "Aquillius (1)", Boston, (1867)
2nd-century BC Roman consuls
Ancient Roman generals
Manius 625
Roman triumphators
Neorastia is a monotypic snout moth genus described by Hans Georg Amsel in 1954. Its only species, described in the same publication, Neorastia albicostella, is known from Iran (including Bender Tchahbahar, the type location).
References
Taxa named by Hans Georg Amsel
Anerastiini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Asia
Pyralidae genera
Street Corner is a 1929 black-and-white short film directed by Russell Birdwell and starring Josef Swickard and Henry B. Walthall.
External links
Street Corner (1929) at IMDB
1929 films
American black-and-white films
1929 short films
Neptis omeroda is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
Subspecies
Neptis omeroda omeroda (Thailand, Malaya, Sumatra, Bangka, Borneo, Java)
Neptis omeroda infuscata Hagen, 1898 (Mentawai Island)
Neptis omeroda batunensis Fruhstorfer, 1912 (Batu Island)
Neptis omeroda kahoga Fruhstorfer, 1908 (Nias)
References
omeroda
Butterflies of Indochina
Butterflies of Borneo
Butterflies of Indonesia
Butterflies of Java
Lepidoptera of Malaysia
Lepidoptera of Thailand
Margie Tsang Wah Sin () (born 6 August 1965) is a Hong Kong actor and TV programme host.
Career
When Tsang was 17 years old in 1982, they took part in TVB's 12th annual artist training class. After they signed a contract with TVB, the company immediately listed them as an important actor to promote, according to Phoenix Television. They repeatedly appeared on the children's TV show 430 Space Shuttles and played Miu Yuek-lan in the TV series The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain. Tsang acted in the TV series Police Cadet '85 and The Yang's Saga among many others.
Filmography
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985) (TV series) as Miu Yuek-lan
Police Cadet '85 (1985) (TV series) as Yip How Yee
Young Cops (1985)
The Dragon Sword (1986)
New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre (1986) (TV series) as Kwok Seung (cameo)
The Yang's Saga (1986) (TV miniseries) as To Kam-ngor
The Grand Canal (1987)
Scared Stiff (1987)
How to Pick Girls Up! (1988)
The Black Sabre (1989)
Everybody loves somebody (1989)
Beauty And The 7 Beasts (2007)
D.I.E. (2008) (TV series) as Yue Chi-Ching
When A Dog Loves A Cat (2008) (TV series) as Shui Tin-Lan (Tina)
All's Well, Ends Well 2011 (2011) as Helen Cheng
Eight Happiness 2012 (2012)
Personal life
After Vocational education Shortly after signing with TVB, they began a relationship with Tony Leung Chiu-wai which later ended. In 1996, they married Lam Siu-Kei () in London. They divorced in 2002. They gave birth to a child (Martin Lam) on January 1, 1999 in Sha Tin Union Hospital.
References
External links
Margie Tsang at Hong Kong Cinemagic
Hong Kong television actores
People from Bao'an County
Hong Kong people of Hakka descent
Indigenous inhabitants of the New Territories in Hong Kong
21st-century Hong Kong actores
20th-century Hong Kong actores
Hong Kong Buddhists
1965 births
Living people
Vittore Stocchi (1895–1987) was an Italian rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
1895 births
1987 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Cyprus International Short Film Festival is an international film festival for short films.
Inauguration
In its inauguration year of 2008, the festival received over 300 submissions from 39 different countries. The jury was composed of the Greek Cypriot film director Panicos Chrysanthou, Turkish Cypriot film director Dervis Zaim, Russian journalist Simon Ostrovsky, and the Turkish actor Demet Evgar.
References
Film festivals in Cyprus
Short film festivals
Daivathinte Makan () is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language action comedy film directed by Vinayan. It stars Jayaram, Prema, and Pooja Batra. The film was released in 2000.
Plot
Cast
Jayaram as Sunny
Prema as Anjali
Pooja Batra as Soniya
Jagathy Sreekumar as Thalassery Kunjambu
Kalabhavan Mani as Eeshwar
Rajan P. Dev as Aanakkaran Avarachan, Soniya's father
Janardhanan as Fr. Gabriel
Hemanth Ravan as Rathan Bhai
Sai Kumar as Peter
Oduvil Unnikrishnan as Dr. Samuel
Augustine as Muthuswamy
Sadiq as Police Officer
Riyaz as Deepak
Kollam Ajith as Police Constable Ponnappan
Subair as Rathan Bhai's friend
Sumithra as Anjali's mother
Shivaji as Anjali's stepfather
Ponnamma Babu as Soniya's mother
Manka Mahesh as Subhadramma
Priyanka as Malathi
Box office
The film was a success.
References
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Films directed by Vinayan
Colm Kennelly (1933 – 12 January 1999) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played at club level with Ballylongford, at divisional level with Shannon Rangers and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team. They usually lined out as a defender.
Honours
Kennelly first came to Gaelic football prominence as a member of the Ballylongford club before earning selection on the Shannon Rangers divisional team. They first appeared on the inter-county scene during a three-year stint with the Kerry minor football team and won an All-Ireland Minor Championship title in 1950. Kennelly was drafted onto the Kerry senior football team in 1952 and was a regular over the following five seasons. During that time they won three consecutive Munster Championship titles is well as All-Ireland Championship titles in 1953 and as a sub in 1955. Kennelly also earned selection with the Munster team.
Personal life and death
Born in Ballylongford, County Kerry, Kennelly was one of eight children of Tim and Bridie Kennelly (née Ahern). Their brother, Brendan Kennelly, was professor of Modern English at Trinity College, Dublin. Kennelly graduated from the same institution with a degree in engineering in 1953 and started work with the Electricity Supply Board. They spent three years working in British Guyana before taking up their first appointment with Kerry County Council in 1960. They retired in 1996, having served as county engineer for the previous nine years.
Kennelly, who had suffered from a heart condition for several years, died suddenly in Killarney on 12 January 1999.
Honours
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1953, 1955
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1953, 1954, 1955
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship: 1950
Munster Minor Football Championship: 1949, 1950, 1951
References
1933 births
1999 deaths
Ballylongford Gaelic footballers
Shannon Rangers Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of two All-Ireland medals (Gaelic football)
Samuel Whittingham (24 February 1882 – 1958) was an English footballer who played as a half-back for Stoke, Burslem Port Vale, Crewe Alexandra, Blackpool, and Huddersfield Town. Throughout their playing career, Whittingham recorded over 100 Football League appearances and played in numerous FA Cup matches. They were the elder brother of Bob Whittingham, who was also an accomplished sportsman.
Playing career
Whittingham played for Goldenhill Wanderers and Stoke, before joining Burslem Port Vale in August 1903. They made their debut on 26 September 1903 in a 1–1 draw with Glossop, making a total of seven Second Division appearances in the 1903–04 season. They scored three goals in 31 league games in the 1904–05 season, bagging their first goal in the Football League on 17 December, in a 2–1 defeat to Bolton Wanderers at the Athletic Ground; they later claimed goals in 2–0 home wins over Grimsby Town and Doncaster Rovers in March. They played 31 league games in the 1905–06 campaign, but was later transferred to Crewe Alexandra in the summer of 1906.
Transferring to Crewe Alexandra proved to be the most successful years of their career as Whittingham was part of the team that came runners-up in the Birmingham & District League and won the Cheshire Senior Cup with them in 1907. The tournament final was played against Macclesfield Town where they proceeded to win the match 2–0. Following their spell at Crewe Alexandra Whittingham went on to amass over 50 appearances for Blackpool over two seasons. In the latter half of their career they played for Huddersfield Town where they made one appearance in an FA Cup game in the 1910–11 season before ending their career with Mirfield United; a team who were founding members of the Yorkshire Combination.
Statistics
Source:
Honours
Crewe Alexandra
Cheshire Senior Cup winner: 1907
Birmingham & District League runner-up: 1907-08
References
Specific
General
1882 births
1958 deaths
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Stoke City F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Mirfield United F.C. players
English Football League players
Archbishop Jerzy, (secular birth name Aleksey Vasil'yevich Korenistov; 14 March 1900 – 16 November 1979) was the first Archbishop of Łódź and Poznań.
Youth and education
They were born in the family of a merchant Vasily Korenistov and Zinaida née Balukova. After the October Revolution, they migrated to Poland. In the period between January 1 and September 21, 1921, they are recorded in the documentation of the command of the Interned Camp No. 15 in Toruń as a medical assistant working there.
In 1922, they entered the seminary in Vilnius. A year later, they left it to transfer immediately to the 6th grade of the seminary in Kremenets, which they graduated in 1924. On 28 April (or 23 August ), 1924 they made their religious vows in the Pochayiv Lavra in front of Aleksandr, the bishop of Pinsk and Polesia. In that monastery they were consecutively ordained deacon and priest on August 24 and August 29 of the same year. In 1930 they obtained Polish citizenship. They continued their theological education at the College of Orthodox Theology at the University of Warsaw, receiving a master's degree in theological sciences in 1931. They were an outstanding student there.
Early activity
In the years 1931–1932 they were successively pastor of the parishes in Radom and Kielce. They ran these parishes at a time when both lost their existing churches, rediscovered to the Catholic Church. They held services most often in private homes. Then, in 1933, they were transferred to the parish of St. Jerzy in Lviv, where they worked for less than a year. They were appointed the superior of the monastery in Zhirovichi in the diocese of Grodno, which they held until November 1935. In the period 1935–1938 they were a parish priest and dean in Łuniniec in Polesie, and for the next four years - a member of the Consistory in Pinsk.
Bishop
On February 8, 1942, they chirotone the Bishop of Brest, vicar of the Pinsk diocese of the non-canon Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church. Initially, however, they did not perform their duties, which, according to Archbishop Szymon, is proof that they recognized the non-canonicity of the structure to which they were included. The UAKP metropolitans Aleksandr and Polikarp the following year clearly reprimanded them in letters for such an attitude, suggesting that they might be deprived of their dignity. Most likely, under the influence of these pressures, at the end of 1943, Bishop Jerzy finally succumbed and settled in Brest, which they had avoided so far, and began to exercise their bishop's duties. They left the city in 1944 shortly before the Red Army entered the area. They then went to Warsaw. On December 31, 1946, they were appointed the temporary head of the Orthodox Administration in the Recovered Territories.
On May 27, 1947, the metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland, Dionizy, sent them to the parish of St. Alexander Nevsky in Łódź as the parish priest. Their episcopal ordination was questioned due to doubts about the circumstances of the establishment of the UAKP; they were finally recognized only on 31 December 1947. Then, on April 26, 1948, they were incorporated into the temporary Governing College of the Polish Orthodox Church under the leadership of Archbishop Tymoteusz.
In June 1948, together with the other members of the College (priest Jan Kowalenko, priest Eugeniusz Naumow, priest Wsiewołod Łopuchowicz, Mikołaj Sieriebriannikow and Archbishop Tymoteusz) they went to Moscow, where Patriarch Alexei I was to reunite the Orthodox Church in Poland with With the Russian Church, and then grant it a second autocephaly (the first, given by the Constantinople Patriarchate, was not accepted by the Russian Orthodox Church). As Bishop Jerzy recalled, the participants of the delegation feared that they would be transported directly from the capital of the USSR to labor camps. Ultimately, however, nothing of the sort happened, and Bishop Jerzy established friendly relations with Patriarch Alexius I, with whom they then corresponded.
From November 12, 1948, they headed the Łódź-Wrocław diocese, and after the reorganization of the administrative division of the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church on January 31, 1951, they became the first head of the newly established Łódź-Poznań diocese. On 9 April 1958 they were elevated to the dignity of the Archbishop of Łódź and Poznań. They performed this function until the end of their life. The hierarchy maintained close contacts with the Russian community living in Łódź, in which they enjoyed considerable respect. According to the recollections of the Russian inhabitants of Łódź, they lived very modestly; they were interested in classical music.
Locum tenens of the Warsaw metropolis
After the death of Metropolitan Tymoteusz, from 24 May 1962 to 25 May 1965, they were the locum tenens of the Warsaw metropolis. The authorities of the Polish People's Republic, openly interfering with the life of the PAKP, prevented the election of a new head of the Church during this period. In the publications of the Commonwealth, there was a thesis that the election of Archbishop Jerzy to be the metropolitan of Warsaw and the whole of Poland was blocked by the Security Service According to a journalist of the Republic of Poland, Cezary Gmyz, the archbishop was considered an unsuitable candidate because of their willingness to maintain good relations with the Catholic Church, which was interpreted as "a desire to play the role of the Orthodox Wyszyński", and because of their opposition to the control of the Office for Religious Affairs over the PAKP. Ryszard Michalak, on the other hand, writes that Archbishop Jerzy did not become a metropolitan, because they tried not to let the Office for Denominations set the directions of the current policy of the Church. Contrary to their recommendations, they intended to maintain good contacts with the Roman Catholic Church, and to be cool about the Polish Ecumenical Council. Moreover, the Ministry of the Interior negatively assessed Jerzy's maintaining private contacts with Roman Catholic bishops.
The council of bishops that would elect a new superior was for two years prevented by the authorities that did not grant permission to carry out the episcopal chirotony of the fourth hierarch and thus obtain the canonically required number of bishops in an autocephalous Church. It was only in 1964 that the authorities allowed the fourth bishop to be ordained - Fr. Mikołaj Niesłuchowski, who took the religious name of Nikanor. In 1965 the council of bishops elected archbishop Stefan as the new head of the PAKP. Only their authorities of the People's Republic of Poland were willing to accept the metropolitan of Warsaw and all Poland
Archbishop Jerzy again performed the duties of locum tenens after the death of Metropolitan Stefan, in the period between 29 March 1969 and 24 January 1970. Again, according to the publication of Rzeczpospolita, the authorities of the People's Republic of Poland were to prevent them from being elected the head of the Church; Metropolitan Stefan was succeeded by the bishop of Wrocław and Szczecin, Bazyli.
Jerzy Korenistow died on 16 November 1979 in a hospital in Łódź and was buried at the Łódź Orthodox Cemetery in Doły, near the Dormition of the Mother of God cemetery church. They were the last hierarch of the Orthodox Church in Poland of Russian origin.
References
1900 births
1979 deaths
Clergy from Saint Petersburg
Bishops of the Polish Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Poland
Clergy from Łódź
Catherine Tramell is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the film Basic Instinct (1992) and its sequel Basic Instinct 2 (2006). Catherine Tramell, created by writer Joe Eszterhas, is played by Sharon Stone in both films. In Basic Instinct, directed by Paul Verhoeven, Catherine Tramell is a serial killer and love interest of detective Nick Curran; Basic Instinct 2 pairs them with the similarly troubled British psychologist Michael Glass.
One European critic defined Catherine Tramell as "a mix between the classic femme fatale and the new psycho killers, one of the most evil characters ever created, on Hannibal Lecter's level." They were nominated to be a member of the American Film Institute's "Best Villains" list. Entertainment Weekly named Tramell one of the 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years.
Appearances
Basic Instinct
Basic Instinct establishes Tramell as a beautiful wealthy heiress and successful crime novelist who is connected to the violent stabbing death of a washed up rock musician, Johnny Boz, who was found in their bed tied to the bed posts with a white silk scarf.  They are subsequently investigated by San Francisco homicide detectives Nick Curran (Michael Douglas) and Gus Moran (George Dzundza), who learn that Boz died in exactly the same manner as a character in Tramell's most recent novel. Tramell shows little emotion upon hearing of Boz's death and, under questioning by the police, behaves provocatively; in the film's most famous scene, Tramell re-crosses their legs to show that they are not wearing underwear beneath their short skirt.
Curran looks into Tramell's troubled history and links them to the deaths of their wealthy parents (who died in a boating accident), their counselor at UC Berkeley (who was also killed with an ice pick in an unsolved homicide), and their former fiancé, a famous boxer, who died in the ring. They also have a habit of befriending imprisoned murderers such as their girlfriend Roxy, who killed their brothers as a teenager, and Hazel Dobkins, an elderly woman who killed their husband and children for no apparent reason. However, when they confront Tramell, they taunt them with knowledge of their drug addiction and their killing of two tourists on assignment while high on cocaine. Thinking that Tramell received the confidential information from an adversarial Internal Affairs investigator, Marty Nilsen, a violent Curran gets themselves suspended and falls into a drunken stupor. After Nilsen is found dead, they become the prime suspect. Curran, increasingly seduced by Tramell, becomes sexually involved with her; they tell them that they will be the basis of the character in their next novel.
A torrid affair between Tramell and Curran begins with the air of a cat-and-mouse game. Curran shows up at a club and witnesses their sniffing cocaine in a bathroom stall. Later, they have aggressive sex at Tramell's apartment.
Roxy, jealous of Nick's relationship with Catherine, unsuccessfully attempts to kill Curran and dies in a car crash. Tramell's apparent grief over Roxy's death leads Curran to doubt their guilt. Curran then learns that as a college student, Tramell had a lesbian encounter with Beth Garner, a police psychologist they previously had an affair with. Upon finding the manuscript to Tramell's latest novel, and reading the final pages where the fictional detective finds their partner's dead body, Curran realizes that Moran is in danger.  They are too late to stop Moran's apparent murder by Garner, whom they shoot when they think they are retrieving a weapon. Evidence collected in Garner's apartment points to them as the killer of Boz, Nilsen, Moran, and their own husband.  They are ultimately branded as the killer.
Curran is left confused and dejected, knowing from the manuscript that Tramell was involved in Moran's murder and somehow set up Garner, but tells no one. When they try to confront them after returning to their apartment, the two end up making love. During a session of pillow talk where they discuss their future, Tramell reaches for something under the bed before abruptly resuming sex. The camera pans below the bed to show Tramell's weapon of choice, an ice pick, implying that they could kill Curran and wants to do it.
Basic Instinct 2
Fourteen years after the events of the first movie, Tramell speeds through London in a sports car with Kevin Franks, an English football player. After taking Franks' hand to masturbate themselves and reach orgasm, Tramell crashes the car into the River Thames. They attempt to save their partner but, as they say in the subsequent scene, "When it came down to it, I guess my life was more important to me than his." When Scotland Yard finds evidence of their culpability in the death, Tramell is made to attend therapy sessions with a court-appointed psychologist, Dr. Michael Glass (David Morrissey). At their trial, Glass testifies that Tramell is a narcissist who suffers from a pathological "risk addiction", showing no regard for right or wrong. However, Glass' testimony is deemed insufficient, and Tramell goes free.
Tramell begins playing mind games with Glass, who finds themselves becoming both frustrated and increasingly intrigued by them Eventually, they succumb to temptation and begins an illicit affair with Tramell. However, following the murder of their ex-wife's partner—a journalist planning to write a negative story about Glass—he suspects that they are trying to frame them for the killing. As more people close to Glass turn up dead, their obsession with Tramell grows to the point where it threatens their career and livelihood. In the meantime, Glass conducts a survey for the detective Superintendent Roy Washburn (David Thewlis), who has taken the Tramell case and is now investigating the murders, and discovers aggravating elements for their earlier professional life. Eventually, Glass themselves can no longer tell right from wrong and now they suspect that everything was designed by the corrupt officer in order for the latter to nail the writer.
During Glass' confrontation with Tramell, they reveal that their latest novel is based on the present situation, featuring characters based on herself, Glass, and the victims. Tramell gives to Glass a draft of their new book, in which it is suggested that their next victim is their colleague, Dr. Gardosh (Charlotte Rampling). However, this turns out to be a ruse to trick Glass into having a violent confrontation with Tramell and Gardosh, and subsequently they shoot Detective Washburn. Glass is committed to a mental hospital, where Tramell reveals the whole plot of their latest book The Analyst, which gained a better ending thanks to him, and flashbacks are shown of Glass committing all the murders. The novelist tells them to come back soon because they miss him, and leaves with a wicked smirk on their face. Glass, still sitting in their wheelchair, takes the book in their hands and an enigmatic spasmodic movement is erased on their lips.
Other appearances
Catherine Tramell, again played by Sharon Stone, has a cameo in the 1993 film Last Action Hero starring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Tramell's victims in Basic Instinct
Prior to and during Basic Instinct, the following people met a violent death, killed by Catherine:
A potential victim of theirs is Nick Curran, who is almost stabbed during the film's final scenes. The ending is ambiguous: either Catherine has retired from their criminal career for good, or they have only postponed killing Nick. Incidentally, Nick Curran has disappeared by the second movie. During an interview in Spain, Sharon Stone commented that "poor Nick is dead," implying with a swift stabbing motion that an ice pick was indeed used.
A conversation in Basic Instinct 2 reveals Nick's fate more explicitly. Michael Glass tells Tramell they have spoken to Lieutenant Phil Walker, who appeared in the first film, and they summarily dismiss this news with the remark, "Paranoid Phil. Now there's a blast from the past". According to Glass, "He said you murdered a Johnny Boz and two detectives in San Francisco", to which they answer, "I was never even charged". Glass finally says, "Grand jury said that Nick Curran's girlfriend did it". Since only one police detective is killed onscreen in the first movie (Nilsen is merely an Internal Affairs officer), the implication is that Curran was the second detective to be killed.
Legacy
Catherine Tramell is considered to be one of Stone's most iconic roles, with the actor mentioning how difficult was to play a serial killer in their memories book, dedicating several chapters to the character, accepting Catherine Tramell to be their most famous and relevant character. Tramell was nominated for the American Film Institute's list of the "Best Villains", and was named one of the greatest characters by Entertainment Weekly in 2010.
During the trial of the murder of Jun Lin, it was then determined that Magnotta's "Tramell" alias drew on elements from the 1990s erotic thriller Basic Instinct, using not only the name of the movie's main character, but also borrowing from their crime when they killed 33-year-old Jun Lin, according to the prosecution at their murder trial.
References
Female characters in film
Fictional bisexual females
Fictional characters from San Francisco
Film characters introduced in 1992
Fictional cocaine users
Fictional LGBT characters in film
Fictional matricides
Fictional patricides
Fictional psychologists
Fictional serial killers
Fictional writers
Female film villains
Thriller film characters
LGBT villains
Karanayaul (; , Qaranay-avul) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,695 as of 2010. There are 11 streets.
Geography
Karanayaul is located 27 km northwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sagasi-Deybuk and Pervomayskoye are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Washington Cemetery may refer to:
Washington Cemetery (Brooklyn)
Washington Cemetery (Washington Court House, Ohio)
Stanley John Webb (born 6 December 1947) is a former English footballer who scored 40 goals from 167 appearances in the Football League playing for Middlesbrough, Carlisle United, Brentford and Darlington in the 1970s. A forward, they also played non-league football for clubs including Whitby Town and Guisborough Town, for whom they scored the club's first FA Cup goal, in the 1978–79 first qualifying round against Consett.
Webb attended Middlesbrough High School, and captained their under-15 basketball team to the English Schools championship in 1963.
Honours
Darlington F.C. Player of the Year: 1974–75
References
1947 births
Living people
Footballers from Middlesbrough
English footballers
Association football forwards
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Whitby Town F.C. players
Guisborough Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Northern Football League players
Prodigy Tactics (originally titled Prodigy) is a tactical role-playing video game developed by Hanakai Studio. The game features figurines representing characters in the game and uses cards to control their behaviors, such as attacking. Both cards and figurines are placed on a game board, with their position on the board influencing their powers and abilities. After an initial release date set in 2015 and not in 2016, the studio announced that Prodigy'''s release would be delayed due to an upgrade of its gameplay system.
A Kickstarter campaign to fund the game's alpha and beta phases began in April 2014, with a $100,000 funding goal. It reached its goal in just three days, eventually collecting $200,000 from over 1,000 backers. A incomplete version of the game was released on September 2018, physical goods from the Kickstarter campaign remain unfulfilled.
GameplayProdigy Tactics was intended to be a tactical role-playing game played with figurines representing game characters placed on a 3x4 board. The board uses near field communication (NFC) technology. Each square on the board's grid gives different capabilities to the characters in the video game. The front row gives offensive bonuses, while the back row gives defensive bonuses. The middle line is neutral. Characters can be moved freely around the board, with no action points or other forms of limitation. There was to be an initial group of 23 figurines for the game.
The player places Arcana cards on the game board to make characters perform actions such as attacking. Combinations of cards placed on the board trigger special actions unique to each character. Special skills, unlike normal actions, require mana.
The game was to include a large single-player campaign including boss battles, as well as competitive multiplayer. In both modes, the player's team is controlled through the figurines, while the opponent's or IA's team is displayed on the video game screen as the physical item support was removed this is now incomplete.
Plot
There are two main factions in the game. The Sorcerer Kings are powerful masters of mana who control the northern territories. The Free People are slaves and soldiers who rebelled against their former masters and now control the southern territories.
Henchmen are characters who can join any Company of the Sorcerer Kings, while Allies can join any Free People Company. Legends are more powerful than Henchmen and Allies, and can fight for any Company. Bosses can also be controlled by anyone, but can also be fought against.
Development
All of the figures are much more detailed than similar figurines for games such as Skylanders and Disney Infinity'', and were designed by veteran figurine modeler Jean Bey, who had previously funded miniature figure game developer Rackham.
References
External links
Crowdfunded video games
Indie video games
Kickstarter-funded video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Tactical role-playing video games
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in France
Video games that use figurines
Windows games
Xbox One games
Role-playing video games
2018 video games
Fantasy video games
Poemanenum or Poimanenon () was a Greek town of ancient Mysia, south of Cyzicus and on the southwest of Lake Aphnitis. It belonged to the territory of Cyzicus was well fortified, and possessed a celebrated temple of Asclepius. Other writers call the town Poemanenus or Poimanenos (Ποιμανηνός) or Poemanentus or Poimanentos (Ποιμάνεντος). Its inhabitants are called Poemaneni (Ποιμανηνοί) According to the Notitiae Episcopatuum, it became a bishopric. No longer a residential see, it remains a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church. Nearby was fought the Battle of Poemanenum in 1223 or 1224.
Its site is located near Alexa in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Mysia
Former populated places in Turkey
Catholic titular sees in Asia
History of Balıkesir Province
St. Anthony Cathedral, () also known as the Ethiopian Catholic Cathedral of Emdibir, is a cathedral of the Ethiopian Catholic Church located in Emdibir, Ethiopia. It follows the Alexandrian Rite.
The cathedral is the main church of the Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Emdeber (Eparchia Emdeberensis), which was created in 2003 by the bull "Ad universae incrementum" of Pope John Paul II with territory of the Ethiopian Catholic Archaeparchy of Addis Ababa.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Bishop Musie Ghebreghiorghis.
See also
Cathedral of the Holy Saviour, Adigrat
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sodo
Roman Catholicism in Ethiopia
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Ethiopia
Ethiopian Catholic cathedrals
Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region
How I Spent My Summer Vacation is a 1967 American film.
It was one of the first movies made for TV. It starred famous names who would later star in other TV movies and shows, including Robert Wagner and Jill St. John.
Plot
Man in hiding Jack Washington is contacted by another man named Lewis Gannet, who promises money and independence in exchange for a job. Sensing more than they are told, Jack investigates, with the trail leading to an old girlfriend, their family, and danger.
Cast
Robert Wagner as Jack Washington
Peter Lawford as Ned Pine
Lola Albright as Mrs Pine
Walter Pidgeon as Lewis Gannet
Jill St. John as Nikki Pine
Michael Ansara as Pucci
Len Lesser as The Greek
Albert Morin as Jewelry Dealer
Ralph Smiley as Mr Amin
Tiger Joe Marsh as Yoshiro
Joni Webster as Miss Karali
Lyn Peters as The Interviewer
References
External links
1967 television films
1967 films
American television films
The 2020 United States presidential election in West Virginia was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. West Virginia voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. West Virginia has five electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump easily carried West Virginia on Election Day by 38.9 points, down from 42.1 points in 2016. Prior to the election, all 16 news organizations declared West Virginia a safe red state.
With 68.62% of its vote, this would prove to be Trump's 2nd strongest state, only behind Wyoming.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for May 12, 2020. In April, they were moved to June 9 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic.
Democratic primary
Vice President Joe Biden won the Democratic primary and received all of West Virginia's 28 pledged delegates, as well as all six unpledged PLEO (party leaders and elected officials) delegates, to the 2020 Democratic National Convention.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump won the Republican primary and received all of West Virginia's 35 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Mountain (Green) primary
West Virginia's Green Party affiliate conducted an online party-run primary, utilizing the state's original primary date of May 12, 2020 as its deadline.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
Trump won West Virginia, carrying the popular vote in each of the state's 55 counties.
By congressional district
Trump won all three congressional districts.
By county
Analysis
West Virginia, which was solidly Democratic territory for much of the 20th century, has consistently voted Republican in presidential elections since 2000. Republicans started making gains in the state in the 21st century due to championing of environmentalism by Democrats such as 2000 Democratic nominee Al Gore, which challenged entrenched coal-mining interests.
West Virginia gave Trump their second-highest vote share in 2020, swapping places with Wyoming, after having been Trump's strongest state by vote share in 2016. West Virginia was one of two states where Trump won every county, the other being Oklahoma. The closest county in the state, and the only one Trump won without a majority of the vote, was Monongalia County, home to Morgantown and the main campus of West Virginia University. Trump's margin of victory of 1.24% in Monongalia marked the closest a Democrat has come to winning any county in West Virginia since 2008. This was the third consecutive presidential election where every county within the state voted Republican, but the first since 1996 in which the Democratic vote share increased relative to the preceding election. Biden received 40% of the vote only in 4 counties - Monongalia; Kanawha County, home to state capital and largest city Charleston; Cabell County, home to Marshall University and to the state's second largest city Huntington; and Jefferson County, home to Washington, D.C. exurbs.
Trump's weakening of Obama-era coal emissions standards appeared to benefit them in the state. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in West Virginia came from White voters who prioritized protecting and expanding production of fossil fuels, such as coal, who comprised 58% of voters and broke for Trump by 90%. Trump's strongest region was southern West Virginia. This coal-mining, union-heavy region was once among the most heavily Democratic places in the nation; Logan County, for example, broke 72% of its ballots for Bill Clinton in 1996, 61% for Al Gore in 2000, 52% for John Kerry in 2004, and even 51% for George McGovern in their only statewide county win in 1972; but by 2008, John McCain flipped it to the Republican column with 54% of the vote, which increased to 68% for Mitt Romney in 2012 and by 2016 and 2020, it had voted 79.6% and 80.9% for Trump, respectively.
During the same election cycle, incumbent Republican Senator Shelley Moore Capito was re-elected by a margin slightly larger than Trump's, beating out Democrat Paula Jean Swearengin by 43.3 points.
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in West Virginia
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Green Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
2020 United States Senate election in West Virginia
2020 United States House of Representatives elections in West Virginia
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
West Virginia
2020
United States presidential
Melipotis decreta is a species of moth in the family Erebidae. It is found in Mexico (Sonora, Veracruz) and Honduras.
References
Moths described in 1858
Melipotis
Otto Franke (; 27 September 1863 – 5 August 1946) was a German diplomat, sinologist, and historian. They were the preeminent German sinologist of their time, called the "Nestor of German Sinology" by Hellmut Wilhelm. They served as a diplomat at the German embassy to the Qing empire for 13 years, before becoming the inaugural Sinology Chair at the University of Hamburg and then at the University of Berlin. Their five-volume Geschichte des Chinesischen Reiches (History of the Chinese Empire), though unfinished because of World War II, remains the standard history of China in Germany decades after its publication. Their son Wolfgang Franke was also a well-known sinologist who succeeded them as the Sinology Chair at Hamburg.
Education and diplomatic career
Otto Franke was born 27 September 1863 in Gernrode, Harz. Their father was the mayor of the town. They earned a bachelor's degree in history and comparative linguistics at the University of Freiburg. After serving in the military, they entered the graduate school of the University of Göttingen, studying Sanskrit, German history, law, and Chinese.
Although inclined toward an academic career, Franke was unable to pursue it at the time and instead found a job as an interpreter for the German embassy in Beijing, capital of the Qing Empire. They served for 13 years in China from 1888 to 1901 and traveled extensively in the country, as well as in Mongolia (then under Qing rule), Korea, and Japan. They kept diaries in the period which were later published.
Academic career
After returning to Germany in 1902, they worked as a journalist covering Asian events, and as an advisor to the Qing embassy in Berlin. In 1910 they entered academia, becoming the inaugural chair of the Chinese Language and Culture department at the University of Hamburg. In 1913, they published their first major work, a translation of the Geng Zhi Tu (耕織圖), a Song dynasty Chinese manual for farming and sericulture. In 1920 they published a study of the Spring and Autumn Annals and the Zuozhuan, but it was later criticized by Bernhard Karlgren for its translation errors. Franke's student George Kennedy would improve upon this work in the 1930s.
Franke was hardworking; their son Wolfgang later recalled that they spent very little time with their family. By 1923, they had published more than 100 works, although some of them were in journalistic rather than academic publications. In that year, they were appointed chair of the Sinology department of the University of Berlin at the age of 60, succeeding J. J. M. de Groot. Their seminar became a major center for German sinology, attracting scholars such as Wolfram Eberhard, Hellmut Wilhelm, Étienne Balazs, as well as their own son Wolfgang.
History of the Qing Empire
In 1931, Franke retired at the age of 68, and was succeeded by Erich Haenisch as the sinology chair of Berlin. They devoted their retirement to researching and writing their magnum opus, Geschichte des Chinesischen Reiches (History of the Chinese Empire); the first volume was published in 1931. Soon afterward, the Nazi Party came to power in Germany and in 1933 nearly wiped out German sinology in its purging of universities. In 1935 Otto Franke became a member of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities. By 1937, Franke had finished the third volume which covers Chinese history up to the Tang dynasty.
Soon World War II interceded and they did not complete the fourth volume, covering the Song and Yuan dynasties, until 1944. They wrote in the foreword of that volume explaining the delay: "The only reason is the terrible great war since 1939, the end of which is not to be seen anywhere. It not only made the required concentration difficult, but also increasingly limited my use of libraries, and finally made it altogether impossible. [...] My history of the Chinese empire remains but a torso [...] and I am not to finish the last volume."
Though unfinished, Geschichte des Chinesischen Reiches remains the standard history of China in Germany to this day. De Gruyter reprinted the work in 2001. A major contribution of Franke's history is to present China as a dynamic and changing entity, rejecting the view held by Hegel and Leopold von Ranke that Chinese history was mostly static.
Death
After the surrender of Nazi Germany, Franke wrote in the addendum to their memoirs in October 1945: "As far as I can see there is no glimmer of hope in the dark clouds in the middle of this international storm, but I think to recognize in the gloomy light that verse of solace for the desperate: Una salus victis, nullam sperare salutem [The only hope for the doomed, is no hope at all]. Perhaps it will be granted to a later generation to experience a new German spring, today I can no longer muster faith in our people. I am grateful that only a very short distance separates me from the dark gate, and the only wish that moves my wife and myself is that we can pass it together to the end."
On 5 August 1946, Franke died at the age of 82, "practically from hunger and exhaustion" according to Hellmut Wilhelm. Swiss historian Marc Winter compares their end to that of French sinologist Henri Maspero, who died in the Buchenwald concentration camp: "Otto Franke lived to see the end of the war as an old and broken man, unable to finish their Geschichte des Chinesischen Reiches [...] their life was ruined like Maspero's, albeit in a less direct and criminal manner."
Family
Otto Franke was married to Luise Niebuhr and they had three sons and a daughter. Two of their sons died in their teens. Their youngest child, Wolfgang Franke (1912–2007), became a sinologist and succeeded their father as sinology chair of the University of Hamburg.
References
External links
1863 births
1946 deaths
Historians of China
German sinologists
German male journalists
German expatriates in China
German diplomats
University of Freiburg alumni
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Hamburg faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
20th-century German historians
20th-century German diplomats
19th-century German diplomats
Alter / Image: Feminism and Representation in New Zealand Art 1973-1993 was an exhibition curated by Tina Barton and Deborah Lawler-Dormer to mark the centennial of women's suffrage in New Zealand. It showed at City Gallery Wellington from 1 August to 21 November 1993 and Auckland City Art Gallery from 17 December 1993 to 20 February 1994.
Exhibition
A number of exhibitions focused on women artists in New Zealand were staged in 1993, including Alter / Image, Mediatrix : new works by seven women artists at Artspace in Auckland (curated by Priscilla Pitts and featuring Mary-Louise Browne, Denise Kum, Julia Morison, Marie Shannon, Deborah Smith, Aromea Tahiwi and Barbara Tuck); Unruly Practices (a series of solo projects by feminist artists living in Auckland - Carole Shepheard, Claudia Pond Eyley, Mary McIntyre, Christine Hellyar and Sylvia Siddell) at Auckland Art Gallery, White Camellias : a century of women's artmaking in Canterbury and Women on women : art in Dunedin since 1893 at the Dunedin Public Art Gallery, curated by Linda Tyler.
Alter / Image was also one of four inaugural exhibitions that marked the opening of City Gallery Wellington; the others were Rosemarie Trockel, Te Whare Puanga (recent weaving and tivaevae by Maori and Pacific Island women in Wellington) and They Tohu: The New Zealand Room, a site-specific project by Jacqueline Fraser.
Curators Tina Barton and Deborah Lawler-Dormer wrote in their introduction to the exhibition catalogue that for the exhibition they had 'isolated a number of subjects and strategies that we believe are common to feminist art practice. ... They include: the recovery of alternate histories and particular experiences; the recognition of the ideological basis of representation, the politics of space and the gender-specific nature of looking; the colonisation of the body; and the interactivity of gender, sexuality and identity.'
Artists featured in the exhibition were:
Rhondda Bosworth
Mary-Louise Browne
Kirsty Cameron
Margaret Dawson
Allie Eagle
Jacqueline Fahey
Di Ffrench
Alexis Hunter
Nicola Jackson
Robyn Kahukiwa
Maureen Lander
Vivian Lynn
Lucy MacDonald
Julia Morison
Fiona Pardington
Joanna Margaret Paul
Jude Rae
Pauline Rhodes
Ruth Watson
Christine Webster.
The curators had sought to include Merylyn Tweedie in the exhibition but after initially agreeing the artist withdrew, on the basis that they did not want their work to be shown in an explicitly feminist context.
The exhibition mixed works from the recent past with new pieces. In their introduction Barton and Lawler-Dormer wrote:
Since the early 1970s, women artists have drawn on their experiences as women for their subject matter. It is difficult now to see how radical these initial efforts were. But for women then, it was an intensely political act to expose themselves and to describe the mundane details of their lives. It was a consciousness-raising exercise, drawing attention to the way in which women had been rendered powerless by their marginalisation and a crucial first step in a process that would acknowledge the ways in which representation itself is gendered.
Among the works representing earlier feminist art were Allie Eagle's 1978 watercolour This woman died, I care and a recreation of their 1978 work Risk, a bowl of red jelly embedded with razor blades; three paintings by Robyn Kahukiwa documenting the Maori and immigrant experience (Three kuia 1971, The migration 1973, Where are we now? 1974); and three paintings by Jacqueline Fahey examining the challenges and constraints of domestic life (Christine in the pantry 1972, Drinking couple: Fraser analysing my words 1977, Final domestic expose: I paint myself 1981). New works included site-specific installations by Pauline Rhodes, Lucy Macdonald and Maureen Lander.
The curators acknowledged that their selection did not attempt to address the way non-European women and women artists had been left out of feminist discourses. They wrote:
The 1970s and early 1980s witnessed many changes in the way women's art was viewed and the support it received. Now in the 1990s there has been a widespread acknowledgement by feminists that many of these changes excluded women of colour. The challenge for women of colour today is to find ways of working together to instigate change. In our local context, feminist dialogue often occurred without recognising the different concerns of Maori and Pacific Island women artists. Within their own communities, women's work flourished but outside the specific context of feminism. In reviewing feminist practice since 1973 we are conscious of the lack of visibility of Maori and Pacific Island women within the debates surrounding feminism, feminist theory and representation. We hope that this territory may be uncovered and exposed collectively in the near future.
Writing in Art New Zealand, critic Jane Sayles argued that the curators of the exhibition had followed current international critical discourse too closely, at the cost of addressing the specific nature of New Zealand women's art, citing 'the use of imported theory which effectively absents the local and in the process denies what I consider to be the vitally meaningful New Zealandness of the works'. However Sayles also noted that the scale of the exhibition, the publication and the accompanying film programme made it a significant endeavour in New Zealand culture.
Film programme
The exhibition was accompanied by a programme of film and video works, featuring pieces by:
Publication
A substantial catalogue was produced to accompany the exhibition, edited by Barton and Lawler-Dormer and with texts by the curators, Priscilla Pitts, Cushla Parekowhai, Lita Barrie, Gloria Zelenka, Anna Miles, Bridget Sutherland, and Deborah Shepherd. A resource section featuring biographies, exhibitions histories, filmographies and bibliographies was also included.
Two sections of page works by artists were included in the publication, featuring works by all 20 artists in the exhibition.
Further reading
Pat Baskett, Feminist expression, New Zealand Herald, 23 December 1993, s.3 p.1
Judith Collard, Blighted camellias: si(gh)ting women in New Zealand art: review essay, Women's Studies Journal, March 1994, vol.10 no.1, pp.101–110
Tina Barton and Deborah Lawler Dormer, Alter/Image catalogue City Gallery Wellington & Auckland Art Gallery, 1993.
References
Art exhibitions in New Zealand
Feminist art
Feminist events
Stanley John Weyman (pronounced [waɪ mæn], 7 August 1855 – 10 April 1928) was an English writer of historical romance. Their most popular works were written in 1890–1895 and set in late 16th and early 17th-century France. While very successful at the time, they are now largely forgotten.
Biography
Stanley John Weyman was born on 7 August 1855 in Ludlow, Shropshire, the second son of a solicitor. They attended Shrewsbury School and Christ Church, Oxford, leaving in 1877 with a degree in Modern History. After a year's teaching at the King's School, Chester, they returned to Ludlow in December 1879 to live with their widowed mother.
Weyman was called to the bar in 1881, but had little success as a barrister, as they were shy, nervous and soft-spoken. However, their shortage of briefs gave them time to write. Their short story "King Pippin and Sweet Clive" appeared in the Cornhill Magazine, although its editor, James Payn, themselves a novelist, told Weyman it would be easier to make a living writing novels. Weyman viewed themselves as a historian and so they were particularly encouraged by positive notices for an article they wrote on Oliver Cromwell that was published in the English Historical Review.
Weyman's ill-health prompted them in 1885 to spend several months in the South of France with their younger brother Arthur. In December of that year the brothers were arrested on suspicion of espionage at Aramits. A 24-page critical biography of Weyman published as an annex to an edition of their novel Ovington's Bank (1922) suggests that this ordeal galvanised the thirty-year-old Weyman, who until then had scraped a meagre income writing short stories. Their first novel, The House of the Wolf, was published in 1890. Like many of their successful works, it is set in the French religious wars of the late 16th and early 17th centuries.
Weyman became a full-time writer in 1891. Four years later they married Charlotte Panting at Great Fransham, Norfolk, and moved with them to Ruthin in Wales, where they lived for the rest of their lives. Weyman died on 10 April 1928, their wife surviving them by four years; they had no children.
Reputation
Weyman in their day was publicly popular and admired by writers such as Robert Louis Stevenson and Oscar Wilde. In a 1970 BBC interview, Graham Greene said, "The key books in my life included Anthony Hope, Rider Haggard, Captain Gilson and I do occasionally re-read them. Stanley Weyman in particular." Works like The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas had established a market for popular historical fiction and it was a crowded field. Contemporary rivals included Baroness Orczy, A. E. W. Mason, John Buchan and Rafael Sabatini.
The biographer Reginald Pound grouped Weyman with Arnold Bennett, Anthony Hope, Aldous Huxley, Dorothy L. Sayers and Somerset Maugham as Strand writers.  They are now perhaps the least familiar of all these. Their greatest success came before 1895 (Under the Red Robe, A Gentleman of France and The Red Cockade) and they stopped writing entirely between 1908 and 1919. Their style and focus are more typical of Victorian writers, as are their faults. With odd exceptions such as Gil de Berault in Under the Red Robe, their characters are fairly uniform, their women caricatures, and their dialogue wooden to modern ears.
Weyman's strength lies in historical detail, often in less familiar areas. The Long Night is based on the Duke of Savoy's attempt to storm Geneva in December 1602, an event still celebrated annually in a festival called L'Escalade. Weyman received an award from the city for their research. The financial security of early success allowed them to choose subjects of personal interest. Some had less general appeal, such as the 1832 Reform Bill (treated in Chippinge), post-1815 industrialisation (Starvecrow Farm) or the 1825 financial crisis (Ovington's Bank, reprinted in 2012 and 2015 on the back of a similar crisis in 2008).
Weyman called their books "pleasant fables" and was aware of their modest literary value.
Bibliography
The House of the Wolf (1890)
The King's Stratagem (1891)
The New Rector (1891)
The Story of Francis Cludde (1891)
From the Memoirs of a Minister of France (1893)
A Gentleman of France (1893)
The Man in Black (1894)
My Lady Rotha (1894)
Under the Red Robe (1894, about Cardinal Richelieu and the Day of Dupes)
A Little Wizard (1895)
The Red Cockade (1895)
The Snowball (1895)
For the Cause (1897)
Shrewsbury (1897, about Charles Talbot, 1st Duke of Shrewsbury)
The Castle Inn (1898)
When Love Calls (1899)
Sophia (1900)
Count Hannibal (1901)
In Kings' Byways (1902, short stories)
The Long Night (1903)
The Abbess of Vlaye (1904)
Starvecrow Farm (1905)
Chippinge Borough (1906)
Laid Up in Lavender (1907) (short stories)
The Wild Geese (1908)
The Great House (1919)
Madam Constantia (1919)
Ovington's Bank (1922, set in the UK financial Panic of 1825; TV mini-series 1965)
The Traveller in the Fur Cloak (1924)
Queen's Folly (1925)
The Lively Peggy (1928)
Filmography
Under the Red Robe, directed by Wilfred Noy (UK, 1915)
A Gentleman of France, directed by Maurice Elvey (UK, 1921)
Under the Red Robe, directed by Alan Crosland (1923)
Under the Red Robe, directed by Victor Sjöström (UK, 1937)
Heiress of Garth, directed by Paddy Russell (UK, 1965, TV miniseries, based on Ovington's Bank)
References
External links
A biography & website devoted to Weyman
An annotated bibliography
Article on Stanley J. Weyman in July 1895 edition of The Bookman (New York)
1855 births
1928 deaths
Writers from Ludlow
People educated at Shrewsbury School
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
English historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in the early modern period
Lewis Douglas Hollands (born 25 October 1940) is a New Zealand former cricketer. They played six first-class matches for Otago between 1969 and 1972.
Sporting career
Born in Gore, Southland, Hollands was a right-handed batsman. Their highest first-class score was 66 not out against Northern Districts in January 1970, when they and Jack Alabaster put on an unbroken partnership of 118 for the eighth wicket.
Hollands represented Southland in four sports: cricket, rugby, tennis and badminton. They played Hawke Cup cricket for Southland between 1965 to 1974.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand male badminton players
New Zealand male tennis players
People from Gore, New Zealand
Piedra is a populated place situated in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level. It is located on Interstate 8 west of Gila Bend.
References
Populated places in Maricopa County, Arizona
Parathyroid hormone (PTH), also called parathormone or parathyrin, is a peptide hormone secreted by the parathyroid glands that regulates the serum calcium concentration through its effects on bone, kidney, and intestine.
PTH influences bone remodeling, which is an ongoing process in which bone tissue is alternately resorbed and rebuilt over time. PTH is secreted in response to low blood serum calcium (Ca2+) levels. PTH indirectly stimulates osteoclast activity within the bone matrix (osteon), in an effort to release more ionic calcium (Ca2+) into the blood to elevate a low serum calcium level. The bones act as a (metaphorical) "bank of calcium" from which the body can make "withdrawals" as needed to keep the amount of calcium in the blood at appropriate levels despite the ever-present challenges of metabolism, stress, and nutritional variations. PTH is "a key that unlocks the bank vault" to remove the calcium.
PTH is secreted primarily by the chief cells of the parathyroid glands. The gene for PTH is located on chromosome 11. It is a polypeptide containing 84 amino acids, which is a prohormone. It has a molecular mass around 9500 Da. Its action is opposed by the hormone calcitonin.
There are two types of PTH receptors. Parathyroid hormone 1 receptors, activated by the 34 N-terminal amino acids of PTH, are present at high levels on the cells of bone and kidney. Parathyroid hormone 2 receptors are present at high levels on the cells of central nervous system, pancreas, testes, and placenta. The half-life of PTH is about 4 minutes.
Disorders that yield too little or too much PTH, such as hypoparathyroidism, hyperparathyroidism, and paraneoplastic syndromes can cause bone disease, hypocalcemia, and hypercalcemia.
Structure
hPTH-(1-84) crystallizes as a slightly bent, long, helical dimer. The extended helical conformation of hPTH-(1-84) is the likely bioactive conformation. The N-terminal fragment 1-34 of parathyroid hormone (PTH) has been crystallized and the structure has been refined to 0.9 Å resolution.
Function
Regulation of serum calcium
Parathyroid hormone regulates serum calcium through its effects on bone, kidney, and the intestine:
In bone, PTH enhances the release of calcium from the large reservoir contained in the bones. Bone resorption is the normal destruction of bone by osteoclasts, which are indirectly stimulated by PTH. Stimulation is indirect since osteoclasts do not have a receptor for PTH; rather, PTH binds to osteoblasts, the cells responsible for creating bone. Binding stimulates osteoblasts to increase their expression of RANKL and inhibits their secretion of osteoprotegerin (OPG). Free OPG competitively binds to RANKL as a decoy receptor, preventing RANKL from interacting with RANK, a receptor for RANKL. The binding of RANKL to RANK (facilitated by the decreased amount of OPG available for binding the excess RANKL) stimulates osteoclast precursors, which are of a monocyte lineage, to fuse. The resulting multinucleated cells are osteoclasts, which ultimately mediate bone resorption. Estrogen also regulates this pathway through its effects on PTH. Estrogen suppresses T cell TNF production by regulating T cell differentiation and activity in the bone marrow, thymus, and peripheral lymphoid organs. In the bone marrow, estrogen downregulates the proliferation of hematopoietic stem cells through an IL-7 dependent mechanism.
In the kidney, around 250 mmol of calcium ions are filtered into the glomerular filtrate per day. Most of this (245 mmol/d) is reabsorbed from the tubular fluid, leaving about 5 mmol/d to be excreted in the urine. This reabsorption occurs throughout the tubule (most, 60-70%, of it in the proximal tubule), except in the thin segment of the loop of Henle. Circulating parathyroid hormone only influences the reabsorption that occurs in the distal tubules and the renal collecting ducts (but see Footnote). A more important effect of PTH on the kidney is, however, its inhibition of the reabsorption of phosphate (HPO42−) from the tubular fluid, resulting in a decrease in the plasma phosphate concentration. Phosphate ions form water-insoluble salts with calcium. Thus, a decrease in the phosphate concentration of the blood plasma (for a given total calcium concentration) increases the amount of calcium that is ionized. A third important effect of PTH on the kidney is its stimulation of the conversion of 25-hydroxy vitamin D into 1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D (calcitriol), which is released into the circulation. This latter form of vitamin D is the active hormone which stimulates calcium uptake from the intestine.
Via the kidney, PTH enhances the absorption of calcium in the intestine by increasing the production of activated vitamin D. vitamin D activation occurs in the kidney. PTH up-regulates 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 1-alpha-hydroxylase, the enzyme responsible for 1-alpha hydroxylation of 25-hydroxy vitamin D, converting vitamin D to its active form (1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D). This activated form of vitamin D increases the absorption of calcium (as Ca2+ ions) by the intestine via calbindin.
PTH was one of the first hormones to be shown to use the G-protein adenylyl cyclase second messenger system.
Regulation of serum phosphate
PTH reduces the reabsorption of phosphate from the proximal tubule of the kidney, which means more phosphate is excreted through the urine.
However, PTH enhances the uptake of phosphate from the intestine and bones into the blood. In the bone, slightly more calcium than phosphate is released from the breakdown of bone. In the intestines, absorption of both calcium and phosphate is mediated by an increase in activated vitamin D. The absorption of phosphate is not as dependent on vitamin D as is that of calcium. The end result of PTH release is a small net drop in the serum concentration of phosphate.
Vitamin D synthesis
PTH upregulates the activity of 1-α-hydroxylase enzyme, which converts 25-hydroxycholecalciferol, the major circulating form of inactive vitamin D, into 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol, the active form of vitamin D, in the kidney.
Interactive pathway map
Regulation of PTH secretion
Secretion of parathyroid hormone is determined chiefly by serum ionized calcium concentration through negative feedback. Parathyroid cells express calcium-sensing receptors on the cell surface. PTH is secreted when [Ca2+] is decreased (calcitonin is secreted when serum calcium levels are elevated). The G-protein-coupled calcium receptors bind extracellular calcium and may be found on the surface on a wide variety of cells distributed in the brain, heart, skin, stomach, C cells, and other tissues. In the parathyroid gland, high concentrations of extracellular calcium result in activation of the Gq G-protein coupled cascade through the action of phospholipase C. This hydrolyzes phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) to liberate intracellular messengers IP3 and diacylglycerol (DAG). Ultimately, these two messengers result in a release of calcium from intracellular stores into the cytoplasmic space. Hence a high extracellular calcium concentration leads to an increase in the cytoplasmic calcium concentration. In contrast to the mechanism that most secretory cells use, this high cytoplasmic calcium concentration inhibits the fusion of vesicles containing granules of preformed PTH with the membrane of the parathyroid cell, and thus inhibits release of PTH.
In the parathyroids, magnesium serves this role in stimulus-secretion coupling. A mild decrease in serum magnesium levels stimulates the reabsorptive activity PTH has on the kidneys. Severe hypomagnesemia inhibits PTH secretion and also causes resistance to PTH, leading to a form of hypoparathyroidism that is reversible.
Stimulators
Decreased serum [Ca2+].
Mild decreases in serum [Mg2+].
An increase in serum phosphate (increased phosphate causes it to complex with serum calcium, forming calcium phosphate, which reduces stimulation of Ca-sensitive receptors (CaSr) that do not sense calcium phosphate, triggering an increase in PTH).
Adrenaline
Histamine
Inhibitors
Increased serum [Ca2+].
Severe decreases in serum [Mg2+], which also produces symptoms of hypoparathyroidism (such as hypocalcemia).
Calcitriol
Increase in serum phosphate. Fibroblast growth factor-23 (FGF23) is produced in osteoblasts (from bone) in response to increases in serum phosphate (Pi). It binds to the fibroblast growth factor receptor of the parathyroid and suppresses PTH release. This may seem contradictory because PTH actually helps rid the blood of phosphates but it is also causing release of phosphate into the blood from bone resorption. FGF23 inhibits PTH and then takes its place helping inhibit re-absorption of phosphate in the kidney without the phosphate releasing effect on bones.
Disorders
Hyperparathyroidism, the presence of excessive amounts of parathyroid hormone in the blood, occurs in two very distinct sets of circumstances. Primary hyperparathyroidism is due to autonomous, abnormal hypersecretion of PTH from the parathyroid gland, while secondary hyperparathyroidism is an appropriately high PTH level seen as a physiological response to hypocalcemia. A low level of PTH in the blood is known as hypoparathyroidism and is most commonly due to damage to or removal of parathyroid glands during thyroid surgery.
There are a number of rare but well-described genetic conditions affecting parathyroid hormone metabolism, including pseudohypoparathyroidism, familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia, and autosomal dominant hypercalciuric hypocalcemia. Of note, PTH is unchanged in pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism. In osteoporotic women, administration of an exogenous parathyroid hormone analogue (teriparatide, by daily injection) superimposed on estrogen therapy produced increases in bone mass and reduced vertebral and nonvertebral fractures by 45 to 65%.
Measurement
PTH can be measured in the blood in several different forms: intact PTH; N-terminal PTH; mid-molecule PTH, and C-terminal PTH, and different tests are used in different clinical situations. The level may be stated in pg/dL or pmol/L (sometimes abbreviated mmol/L); multiply by 0.1060 to convert from pg/dL to pmol/L.
A US source states the average PTH level to be 8–51 pg/mL. In the UK the biological reference range is considered to be 1.6-6.9 pmol/L. Normal total plasma calcium level ranges from 8.5 to 10.2 mg/dL (2.12 mmol/L to 2.55 mmol/L).
Interpretive guide
The intact PTH and calcium normal ranges are different for age; calcium is also different for sex.
Model organisms
Model organisms have been used in the study of PTH function. A conditional knockout mouse line called Pthtm1a(EUCOMM)Wtsi was generated at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute. Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion. Additional screens performed: - In-depth immunological phenotyping
See also
Disorders of calcium metabolism
Parathyroid hormone family
Parathyroid hormone-related protein
Preotact
Footnote
References
Further reading
External links
Parathyroid hormone: analyte monograph - the Association for Clinical Biochemistry and Laboratory Medicine
Parathyroid hormone receptor agonists
Peptide hormones
Hormones of the parathyroid glands
Hormones of calcium metabolism
The White Ship (Italian: La nave bianca) is a 1941 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini. Its cast was made up entirely of amateur actors, many of them the real crew of a hospital ship of the Italian navy. The production was a work of propaganda intended to support the war aims of the Fascist Italian regime during the Second World War. It was made with the close co-operation of the Italian Navy, particularly Francesco De Robertis. Vittorio Mussolini, the son of the Italian dictator, was also a supporter of the project.
It was the first feature film directed by Rossellini, and commenced what has been described as their "Fascist Trilogy" which also includes A Pilot Returns (1942) and The Man with a Cross (1943). Along with a number of other films of the era, it is considered a precursor to Italian neorealism. Rossellini went on to be a leading Italian filmmaker, and a major figure in the development of neorealism.
The film was screened at the 1941 Venice Film Festival, before going on general release the following year. Because of this 1941 and 1942 are both often cited as its release date. It was awarded the Cup of the National Fascist Party at Venice.
Synopsis
A young Italian sailor falls in love with a schoolteacher before returning to service on a warship. During the Battle of Cape Teulada against the Royal Navy, they are wounded and transferred to a hospital ship. There they are reunited with their lover, who is now working as a nurse.
References
Bibliography
Bondanella, Peter. The Films of Roberto Rossellini. Cambridge University Press, 1993.
External links
1941 films
Italian war drama films
Italian black-and-white films
1940s war drama films
1940s Italian-language films
Films directed by Roberto Rossellini
Seafaring films
World War II films made in wartime
Films set in the Mediterranean Sea
1941 drama films
Films scored by Renzo Rossellini
Italian World War II films
1940s Italian films
Inconnue River may refer to:
Inconnue River (rivière des Perdrix tributary), Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, Canada
Inconnue River (Maicasagi River tributary), Nord-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada
The versicolored barbet (Eubucco versicolor) is a very colorful species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The versicolored barbet was described by Statius Müller in 1776 as Bucco versicolor, based on a specimen collected in Maynas Province, Peru. Its taxonomy is in flux. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (AOS), the International Ornithological Committee (IOC), and the Clements taxonomy treat it as one species with three subspecies. The HBW and BirdLife International Illustrated Checklist of the Birds of the World treats the three as individual species.
The three subspecies are:
E. v. steerii ("blue-cowled") Sclater & Salvin (1878)
E. v. glaucogularis ("blue-chinned") Tschudi (1844)
E. v. versicolor ("blue-moustached") Müller (1776)
Description
The versicolored barbet is multicolored and like all barbets has a sturdy bill. The subspecies differ in their plumage, but all the males have a red face and crown and green to blue-green upperparts. The males' lower breasts are red and their bellies yellowish with green streaks, though the size and shape of the red vary. The female's upperparts are also green to blue-green and their bellies a similar yellowish with green streaks. All the subspecies are approximately long but differ in their weights.
The nominate "blue-moustached" form weighs . The male has a red throat with a thin blue band below it. It has a blue malar patch (the "moustache") and a blue band separating the red head from the greenish back. Its upper breast is yellow. The female has a greeenish cap, blue malars with a yellow edge, and a blue throat with a thin red band below it.
The "blue-cowled" form weighs . The back of the male's head and nape (the "cowl") are blue. It has a red chin and yellow malars and throat. The female's crown and nape are yellow. Its face, throat, and upper breast are blue with a thin red crescent dividing the throat and breast.
The "blue-chinned" form weighs . The male has a thin blue band behind the head like the "blue-moustached" form and a yellow malar. It has successive bands of red, blue, and orange between its bill and its yellow upper breast. The female has a yellow crown and nape. Its face and throat are blue with a red band below the latter.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate "blue-moustached" barbet is found from Peru's Cuzco and Puno Regions eastward to Cochabamba Department in north central Bolivia. The "blue-cowled" form is found only in Peru, from west central Amazonas south to northern Huánuco. The "blue-chinned" form is also found only in Peru, along the eastern slope of the Andes from eastern Huánuco to northern Cuzco.
All subspecies of the versicolored barbet inhabit humid submontane forest, especially those heavy with epiphytes and mosses, as well as mature secondary forest. The nominate also inhabits dry forest in Bolovia. All three typically range in elevation from but can be found as high as .
Behavior
Feeding
Only the nominate form of versicolored barbet's diet and foraging technique have been studied; those of the other forms are assumed to be similar. About 80% of its diet is fruits and seeds and the remainder mostly arthropods. It forages alone, in pairs, and sometimes with mixed-species foraging flocks, usually between above the ground. It seeks arthropod prey by poking and tearing clusters of dead leaves.
Breeding
The subspecies of the versicolored barbet have not been studied individually. The species apparently breeds between July and December. One nest (of the nominate) has been described; it was in a tree hole and contained three eggs.
Vocalization
No differences are known in the vocalizations of the versicolored barbet's subspecies. Its song is " a fast, low-pitched trill" .
Status
The IUCN has separately assessed the three subspecies of versicolored barbet. The "blue-moustached" and "blue-cowled" forms are considered of The Least Concern, though until 2020 the latter had been rated Near Threatened. The "blue-chinned" form is considered Near Threatened. It "could be undergoing a moderately rapid decline...[and] the population may be moderately small".
Gallery
References
versicolored barbet
Birds of the Yungas
versicolored barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kim Talon is a Brooklyn-based musician and songwriter from Winnipeg, Manitoba.  They are half-Lithuanian, half-Canadian and is a middle child.
Talon's new project is called Kino Kimino and the debut album was produced by John Agnello and features Sonic Youth members Lee Ranaldo and Steve Shelley. The album entitled "Bait for Sissies" released on June 3, 2016 on Wavves frontman's record label Ghost Ramp in the United States and on My Favourite Chords for Europe and Japan.
Discography
KINO KIMINO
Bait is for Sissies (2016) (Ghost Ramp (US) and My Favourite Chords (EUR/JAP)
JAN
Jan (2012) (Enclaves)
Eagle & Talon
In Manila - EP (2011) (Bi/Akka Records)
Thracian (2009) (Bi/Akka Records)
Eagle and Talon Cares (2005) (Bi/Akka Records)
References
External links
Official Website for KINO KIMINO
Musicians from Brooklyn
The buff-spotted woodpecker (Campethera nivosa) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is native to large parts of tropical central Africa. It has an extremely wide range and is an uncommon species, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Description
The buff-spotted woodpecker is a small species growing to a length of about . The male has a dark olive or blackish crown and a bright red nape, with the other parts of the head whitish or buff streaked with olive. The female lacks the red nape. Both sexes have plain green upper parts, and yellowish-olive or dark olive underparts, spotted or barred with buff. The beak is curved and rather short.
Distribution and habitat
The buff-spotted woodpecker is native to the African tropical rainforest. Its typical habitat is primary and secondary tropical forest at altitudes of up to about , but most common at altitudes less than .
Ecology
The buff-spotted woodpecker feeds largely on black ants (Crematogaster) and termites which it finds on trees. It is an inconspicuous, silent bird, often foraging singly or in pairs in the understorey layers of the forest, or it may form part of small groups of mixed species.
Status
The buff-spotted woodpecker has an extremely wide range and is a common species in some localities, though less so in others. No particular threats have been recognised and the population is presumed to be steady. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Further reading
buff-spotted woodpecker
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
buff-spotted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
, translated to English as The Flower Child Lunlun and Lulu, The Flower Angel, is a magical girl anime by Toei Animation, focusing on a theme of flowers in its stories. It was directed by Hiroshi Shidara and written by Shiro Jinbo. It was greatly successful in the West, particularly in Europe and in Latin America, as well as in Japan. An edited English-language dub of a few episodes titled Angel made this series one of, if not the first, magical girl anime works to reach the United States and Canada, well over a decade before Sailor Moon.
A theatrical short film, , was released in March 1980.
In 2009, William Winckler Productions produced two all-new English-dubbed movie versions edited from the original series titled Lun Lun the Flower Girl and Lun Lun the Flower Girl 2. Producer William Winckler, known for Tekkaman the Space Knight, wrote, produced and directed the English films, which are seen on broadband in Japan.
Story
Long ago, plant spirits and fairy-like creatures lived in harmony with humankind. Gradually humans began to rise toward greed and cruelty, and the plant spirits immigrated to another world they dubbed the "Flower Star." However, their legacy remained in people who truly knew the meaning of love and kindness. A talking dog and cat pair, Nouveau and Cateau, were sent to Earth to find one such person to find a magical flower — the symbol of the Flower Star's ruling family — so that a new ruler can ascend the throne.
In France they meet Lunlun Flower, a tomboyish and outspoken young orphan who lives with their paternal grandparents who own a flower shop. Lunlun's late mother turns out to be a descendant of the Flower star people, so at Lunlun's 15th birthday party they ask Lunlun to join them, and they accept. They travel all over Europe in search of the flower, helping people every step of the way.
Lunlun, Nouveau and Cateau are followed by a bumbling pair of villains: the selfish fairy Togenishia and their servant Yabouki, who want to steal the flower and rule the Flower Star. Whenever Lunlun and their friends attempt to help people, Togenishia and Yabouki try to get them back on the road by force, only to fail. They're aided by Serge, a mysterious photographer who gives the people Lunlun helps packets of flower seeds which symbolize the lesson they've learned in the "language of flowers." (For instance, thistles, which signify independence, are given when the son of a farmer vows to follow their dreams and leave home). Lunlun develops a huge crush on Serge due to their kindness, and he's implied to like them back.
The people that Lunlun help send flower seeds to Lunlun's grandparents and tell them about their amazing granddaughter... and, in the end, the magical flower is found growing in their garden, and saving it from destruction after an attack from Togenishia. The photographer Serge turns out to be the prince of the Flower Star, and they confirm that they love Lunlun and asks them to be their Queen. Lunlun rejects their proposal, however, since they love Serge with all of their heart but does not want to live in the Star Flower. So Serge cedes the throne to their younger brother so they can live on Earth and marry Lunlun.
At the start of the series, Lunlun is given a magical pin from the King of the Flower Planet. This pin, when a flower is reflected in its mirror, gives Lunlun a new outfit for an activity, such as mountain climbing. About halfway through the series, the pin is broken when Lunlun falls from a branch overhanging a waterfall while trying to attract attention after being caught in the Dark Wind (Togenishia's main form of attack). While they are lost in the river, a new pin is given to them in the shape of the royal crest, with the warning that if it is ever lost or broken, their life on Earth will end and they will be unable to return to the Flower Planet. The words to activate this pin are "Fu Flay Lu Fey Lora".
Japanese Cast
Mari Okamoto as Lunlun
Fuyumi Shiraishi as Cateau
Takuzou Kamiyama as Nouveau
Yuu Mizushima as Serge Flora
Michie Kita as Togenishia
Natsuko Kawaji as Queen
Reiko Suzuki as Grandmother
Keaton Yamada as Grandfather
Tohru Furuya as Claude
International titles
Flower Angel (English dub, U.K.; produced by Harmony Gold)
Angel (English dub, U.S.; produced by ZIV International)
Lulú, la Chica de las Flores or El Misterio de la Flor Mágica (Castilian Spanish dub)
Ángel, la Niña de las Flores (Latin American Spanish dub)
Angel, a Menina das Flores (Brazilian Portuguese dub)
Angélica (Brazilian Portuguese alternative title dub)
Le tour de monde de Lydie (French dub)
Lulu l'angelo tra i fiori (Italian dub)
Ейнджъл — детето на цветята (Bulgarian dub)
Lidia in jurul lumii (Romanian dub)
Лулу — ангел цветов (Russian dub)
Lili, a virágangyal (Hungarian dub)
Lulu, the Flower Girl (Indonesian sub)
Lulu (Filipino dub)
Ronron the Flower Angel (English dub, Philippines)
Saosan, Al Zahrah Al Jamilah (سوسن، الزهرة الجميلة) (Arabic dub)
Lulu i cudowny kwiat (Polish lector)
Çiçek Kız (Turkish dub)
꽃천사 루루 (Korean dub)
花仙子 (Huaxianzi) (Mandarin dub)
זהבית (Zehavit) (Hebrew dub)
สาวน้อยแองเจิ้ล (Sao noi Angel) (Thai dub)
Angel, das Blumenmädchen (German dub)
Angel (Dutch dub; based on ZIV International's English dub)
English-language versions
Initially, ZIV International acquired the series for the U.S. in 1980. At least the first four episodes were dubbed into English, with a new theme song and score by house composer Mark Mercury. In this incarnation, the characters were renamed to Angel (Lunlun), Cathy (Cateau), Wendal (Nouveau), Melicia (Togenishia) and Ivan (Yabouki). The episodes were then packaged into one presentation in 1981, which aired on HBO and was released on videocassette by Media Home Entertainment as Angel and by Family Home Entertainment as Flower Angel. The ZIV dub was released on DVD as part of the Fairy Tale Adventures compilation from TCG Direct in 2009.
In 1985, ZIV licensed their rights to Harmony Gold, who prepared a feature-film length condensation of the series with another new dub track and music score. Again, the characters were renamed, this time to Angel (Lunlun), Lily (Cateau), Periwinkle (Nouveau), Princess Wysteria (Togenishia), Ragweed (Yabouki) and Stefan (Serge Flora). The episodes that were featured in the film were episodes 1, 7, 24, 29, 49 and 50. The 37th episode was also covered, but it was only the intro to coincide with the beginning events of the 49th episode. This film was not released in America, but received multiple VHS releases in the UK.
Reception
In 2005, Japanese television network TV Asahi conducted an online web poll for the top 100 anime, and Hana no Ko Lunlun placed 85th tied with Ikkyū-san.
References
External links
Official site by Toei
1979 anime television series debuts
1980 anime films
Japanese films
Magical girl anime and manga
Shōjo manga
Toei Animation television
TV Asahi original programming
Toei Animation films
The rufous-winged woodpecker (Piculus simplex) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
rufous-winged woodpecker
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
rufous-winged woodpecker
rufous-winged woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Heat" is a song by American singer Chris Brown featuring vocals from American rapper Gunna. It was released on June 20, 2019 as the fifth single from Brown's ninth studio album, Indigo (2019).
Background and composition
It was unexpectedly teased one day before its release on June 20, 2019 on Chris Brown's Instagram. They announced its release a week prior. The song is a mid-tempo R&B song, produced by American record producer Buddah Bless, with instrumentation and melodic lines that blend the classic R&B style with strong trap influences.
Chart performance
"Heat" debuted at number 77 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, on the week of September 14, 2019. After climbing the chart for ten weeks, the song eventually peaked at number 36 on the chart. "Heat" also topped the US Rhythmic Airplay chart. This became Brown's 11th number one on the chart, and their second during 2019, having previously logged four non-consecutive weeks in the top spot in 2019 with "No Guidance". "Heat" moved Brown up to fourth-equal on the list of artists with most number-one songs on the chart. This also became Gunna's first number one on the chart.
Music video
The music video was released on August 30, 2019. It was directed by Brown and Edgar Esteves.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Chris Brown – lead vocals
Gunna – featured vocals
Buddah Bless – production
Patrizio Pigliapoco – recording, mixing engineer, mastering engineer, vocal engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Chris Brown songs
Songs written by Gunna (rapper)
Songs written by Chris Brown
Songs written by Buddah Bless
Song recordings produced by Buddah Bless
Trap music songs
Wild Cherry was an American funk rock band formed in Mingo Junction, Ohio, in 1970 that was best known for its song "Play That Funky Music".
History
Early lineups (1970–1974)
Rob Parissi (lead vocals and guitar) was raised in the steel-mill town of Mingo Junction, Ohio. They graduated from Mingo High School in 1968 and formed the band Wild Cherry in 1970 in Steubenville, Ohio. The band's name, 'Wild Cherry,' was taken from a box of cough drops. The band played the Ohio Valley region, the Northern West Virginia panhandle, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The original lineup included Ben Difabbio (drums and vocals) and Louie Osso (guitar, lead, and background vocals) from Steubenville, Larry Brown (bass, lead, and background vocals) from Weirton, West Virginia, Larry Mader (keyboards, lead and background vocals) from East Springfield, Ohio, and Ron Vallera (guitar, background vocals) from Steubenville, Ohio). Over time, the band members changed; Osso, Brown, Mader and Vallera left the band and were replaced by Parissi's cousin, Coogie Stoddart (guitar, lead, and background vocals), and Joe Buchmelter (bass). Buchmelter was soon replaced by Bucky Lusk.
In the early 1970s, several records were released under their own label, including "You Can Be High (But Lay Low)," and "Something Special On Your Mind," in 1971. The music at this stage was pure rock music. Wild Cherry eventually gained a record contract with Brown Bag Records, owned and operated by the late Terry Knight. Brown Bag produced several demos and singles that were later distributed by United Artists, including "Get Down" (1973) and "Show Me Your Badge" (1973).
The band broke up, and Parissi left the music scene temporarily. They reformed the band in 1975.
Later lineups (1975–1979)
The new lineup consisted of Bryan Bassett (guitar/vocals), Allen Wentz (bass guitar/synthesizer/vocals), Ronald Beitle (drums), and Parissi. As the group began to develop a following in the Pittsburgh area, disco was becoming increasingly popular, and they were repeatedly asked by listeners to play more dance music. While brainstorming for new song ideas, Beitle recounted hearing a fan shout, "Are you white boys gonna play some funky music?" Parissi was inspired to write a song based on the phrase, so they began writing on a drink order pad with a pen borrowed from the bartender. After the band recorded the song, studio engineer Ken Hamann brought the band to the attention of Sweet City Records, distributed by Epic/CBS, which signed the group. Parissi had intended to record the song as the B-side to a cover version of the Commodores' "I Feel Sanctified," but the label suggested it as the A-side instead.
"Play That Funky Music" became a huge hit when released in 1976, peaking at number one on both the Billboard R&B and pop charts. Both the single and Wild Cherry's self-titled debut album went platinum. The band was named Best Pop Group of the Year by Billboard and received an American Music Award for Top R&B Single of the Year as well as a pair of Grammy nominations for Best New Vocal Group and Best R&B Performance by a Group or Duo.
"Play That Funky Music" was the only hit on the album, although "Hot to Trot" was a minor follow-up hit in some non-U.S. markets. The album featured contributions from keyboardist Mark Avsec, who soon thereafter became a permanent member of the band. None of Wild Cherry's three subsequent albums were very popular. Neither Electrified Funk (1977) (which contained the "Play That Funky Music" soundalike single "Baby Don't You Know") nor I Love My Music (1978) produced any top 40 hits, and Only the Wild Survive (1979) did not even produce a top 100 single. The band broke up in late 1979.
Coogie Stoddart returned to perform with Wild Cherry, beginning with the tour to support Electrified Funk, and recorded I Love My Music with the band. Stoddart toured with the group, in support of I Love My Music but left before Only the Wild Survive was recorded.
Post-breakup (1980–present)
Mark Avsec partnered with Donnie Iris (of the Jaggerz) in the early 1980s to form Donnie Iris and the Cruisers. Iris had played with Wild Cherry on their fourth and final album. Their hit singles included "Ah! Leah!". Avsec also teamed up with fellow Cruiser Kevin Valentine to record under the moniker Cellarful of Noise in 1985, releasing two albums with this project. Another of Avsec's compositions, "She Doesn't Know Me," originally written for the band La Flavour (who later evolved into "Fair Warning"), became one of the first hits for the then-fledgling band, Bon Jovi. A lawsuit related to "Ah! Leah!" inspired Avsec to become a copyright lawyer.
Allen Wentz moved to New York City and became a session synthesizer specialist, playing on many records and jingles. They have worked with artists ranging from Luther Vandross and Roberta Flack to Cyndi Lauper.
Bryan Bassett became a producer and engineer at King Snake Studio in Sanford, Florida. They have played with Foghat and Molly Hatchet, and they have also served as a board governor for the Florida Chapter of NARAS.
Parissi moved to Miami, Florida in 1979 and formed a tour band with Bobby Caldwell. In 1980, Parissi moved to New York City, met members of Billy Squier's band, and did recording sessions with them. At the same time, they also co-wrote songs with Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Kent and co-produced the album Dedication, along with Gary U.S. Bonds and Bruce Springsteen in 1980/81. The album produced the hit "This Little Girl (Is Mine)," which sold over 500,000 copies, for which Rob was awarded another gold album. As of the 2010s, Parissi resides in Florida and is writing and recording in the adult contemporary and smooth jazz genres, as in their CD "The Real Deal," an all-vocal album.
On August 11, 2013, the people of Parissi's hometown in Mingo Junction, Ohio renamed the longest street there as Rob Parissi Boulevard and declared August 11 as Rob Parissi Day. They and their wife, Ilona, established a scholarship endowment for their former consolidated high school, now named Indian Creek High School, and they return every year to do a charity fundraiser for that scholarship endowment.
Ron Beitle (1954–2017) performed with several rock bands, including Nied's Hotel Band in Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania. They died in 2017.
Band members
Final lineup
Rob Parissi – vocals, guitar (1970–1979)
Donnie Iris – guitar, vocals (1978–1979)
Cooke Michalchick – bass, vocals (1978–1979)
Ronald Beitle – drums, percussion (1975–1979)
Mark Avsec – keyboards (1975–1979)
Previous members
Ben Difabbio – drums, vocals (1970–1975)
Louie Osso – guitar, vocals (1970–1973)
Larry Brown – bass, vocals (1970–1973)
Coogie Stoddart – guitar, vocals (1973–1975, 1977–78)
Joe Buchmelter – bass (1973)
Bucky Lusk – bass (1973–1975)
Allen Wentz – bass, synthesizer, vocals (1975–1978)
Bryan Bassett – guitar (1975–1978)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Play the Funk (2000)
Super Hits (2002)
Singles
See also
List of artists who reached number one in the United States
List of artists who reached number one on the Billboard R&B chart
List of blue-eyed soul artists
List of funk rock bands
List of 1970s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
Notes
Sources
External links
[ Allmusic Entry]
American funk musical groups
Funk rock musical groups
Rock music groups from Ohio
Musical groups from Pittsburgh
Epic Records artists
American soul musical groups
Musical groups from Ohio
People from Mingo Junction, Ohio
Musical groups established in 1970
Musical groups disestablished in 1979
GYAN, Gyān, Gyaan or Gyan may refer to:ज्ञान जीवन का एक हिस्सा हैँ जो ज्ञान नहीं जानता या जिसे ज्ञान नहीं हैँ उससे जीवन में बहोत मुश्किलों का सामना करना पड़ता हैँ ।
People
Baffour Gyan (born 1980), Ghanaian footballer
Christian Gyan (1978-2021), Ghanaian footballer
Gyan Evans (born 1960), Australian musician
Gyan Prakash Pilania (born 1932), Indian social reformer
Gyan Prakash (born 1952), historian of modern India
Gyan Singh (Fijian politician)
Gyan Singh (Indian politician)
Asamoah Gyan (born 1985), Ghanaian footballer
Other uses
Gyan (Sanskrit), a Sanskrit word that roughly translates to 'knowledge' in English
Global Youth Action Network, a youth empowerment organization
Gyan (album), the debut album by Gyan Evans
See also
Gian, a given name
PVM can refer to:
Parallel Virtual Machine, a software tool for parallel networking of computers
Paged Virtual Memory, a memory addressing scheme that allows non-contiguous memory to be addressed as if it were contiguous
Party of the Vlachs of Macedonia, a political party representing the Aromanians (Vlachs) of North Macedonia
Player versus monsters, also known as player versus environment in computer games
Place Ville Marie, an office complex in Montreal
Projection-valued measure, a type of measure used in functional analysis
Perfetti Van Melle, an Italian-Dutch manufacturer of confectionery and gum
Pro Virtute Medal, a South African military decoration for bravery
Tomislav Hohnjec (born 13 November 1979) is a Croatian male canoeist who won a world championship at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships and twice the Wildwater Canoeing World Cup
References
External links
Tomislav Hohnjec at Kajakaški Savez Zagreb
1979 births
Living people
Croatian male canoeists
Simone Schröder (born 1964) is a German contralto in opera and concert, and an academic teacher. They have been associated with the Bayreuth Festival from their student days in 1992, performing in three different productions of Parsifal. They have appeared regularly at the Staatsoper Berlin and the Semperoper, and appeared as a guest at opera houses including La Scala in Milan, New National Theatre Tokyo and Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires.
Life and career
Born in Altdöbern, Schröder completed their vocal training at the Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler in Berlin as well as with Elsbeth Plehn at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber in Dresden, and with Irmgard Hartmann-Dressler in Berlin. They won prizes of singing competitions, including the Franceso Vinas Competition in Barcelona and the Salzburg International Mozart Competition.
They sang at the Staatsoper Berlin first in the 1997/98 season, as the Page in Salome by Richard Strauss, conducted by Daniel Barenboim. As a regular guest singer there, they appeared as Mrs. Quickly in Verdi's Falstaff and Suzuki in Puccini's Madama Butterfly, among others. In April 2013, they took over the role of Mary in Wagner's Der fliegende Holländer at the Berlin State Opera under the musical direction of Daniel Harding.
Schröder's association with the Bayreuth Festival began already during their student years when they appeared as the Third Boy in Tannhäuser from 1992. In 1996, they performed as one of the Flower Maidens in Parsifal. They went on to appear in the Ring Erda, Grimgerde, Schweitleite and the First Norn, and more small roles in three Bayreuth productions of Parsifal, in 1999 by Wolfgang Wagner, in 2004 by Christoph Schlingensief and conducted by Pierre Boulez, and in 2008 by Stefan Herheim and conducted by Daniele Gatti.
Schröder appeared as a guest at La Scala in Milan, the Washington National Opera, the Oper Leipzig, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, to Japan, Singapore and Denmark as well as to the Canary Islands Music Festival, among others. The conductor Dan Ettinger engaged them as Erda for their Ring cycle at the New National Theatre Tokyo (2008/09) and for Das Rheingold at the Nationaltheater Mannheim (2011/12). In 2012/13, they made their role debut as Fricka in the Ring des Nibelungen at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires conducted by . At the Semperoper in Dresden, they performed as Wigelis in Feuersnot by Richard Strauss in June 2014, with Stefan Klingele conducting.
Schröder has worked with conductors including Michael Boder, Ivor Bolton, Christoph Eschenbach, Ádám Fischer, Michael Gielen, Fabio Luisi, Kent Nagano, Giuseppe Sinopoli and Christian Thielemann.
In concert, they have performed in choral-orchestral works and in concert performances of operas, in a repertoire including Bach's oratorios, Verdi's Requiem and major works from the early 20th century.
Schröder taught voice at the Cottbus Conservatory from 1988. Since 2001, they have been professor for voice at the Fachhochschule Lausitz, where they lectured from 1995.
Recordings
Mahler: Symphony No. 8. Alto solo and Mater Aegyptica, conductor: Pierre Boulez (Deutsche Grammophon 2007)
Schumann: Der Königssohn and Mendelssohn: Die erste Walpurgisnacht, Bayerisches Staatsorchester, conductor: Kent Nagano (FARAO 2010)
Wagner: Der fliegende Holländer (first Paris version of 1841): Terje Stensvold (Holländer), Astrid Weber (Senta), Franz-Josef Selig (Donald), Jörg Dürmüller (Georg), Simone Schröder (Mary), Kobie van Rensburg (Steuermann), WDR Rundfunkchor Köln, Prague Chamber Choir, Cappella Coloniensis, conductor: Bruno Weil (DHM 2004)
References
External links
Simone Schröder on Operabase
German contraltos
1964 births
Living people
People from Altdöbern
Riviera Ridge () is a ridge of Antarctica. The name alludes to the warm sunny conditions experienced on the ridge in contrast to the storm conditions previously experienced on nearby "Hurricane Ridge" (an unofficial name also employed at the time by Wright). A map of this area exhibiting the two names appears in a paper by Kyle and Wright in the American Geophysical Union Research Series, v. 48, p. 124.
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Liêu Hữu Phương (Chữ Hán: 廖有方; Chinese pinyin: Liao Youfang; Wade–Giles: Liao Yu-fang), Chinese name Liao Yuqīng (fl. 9th century), was an poet and government official of the Tang dynasty during the early 9th century AD.
Biography
Liêu Hữu Phương was of Vietnamese ethnicity. They were born in Jiao prefecture (modern-day Hanoi), Protectorate General to Pacify the South, when Vietnam was part of the Tang dynasty. Little was known about their life.
The Tang imperial system did allow for some promotion by merit and could even be strikingly trans-ethnic. At this time, however Confucianism ideas had very little impacts on the indigenous people of north Vietnam. A Tang official wrote dismissively in 845: "Annan has produced no more than eight imperial officials; senior graduates have not exceeded ten."
In 815, Liêu Hữu Phương took a 1,450-miles journal from Hanoi to Chang'an, capital of the Tang dynasty to take the Tang imperial examination, but they failed. They then took a trip to Shu, modern-day Sichuan Province to visit a fellow student. In the next year, they participated in the civil service examination again and passed it. They were appointed as a librarian at the imperial court.
Their poems most now are lost; theirs On a Stranger's Coffin: A Poem Engraved on the Occasion of Burying a Scholar at Baoqe in Quan Tang Shi is the only preserved one and the oldest extant poem written in Chinese by a Vietnamese.
See also
Jiang Gongfu (731–805), a Chinese poet born in Annan
References
Works cited
9th-century Chinese poets
9th-century Vietnamese poets
People from Hanoi
John Hope (28 May 1866 – 29 March 1950) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played 22 first-class matches for Otago between 1885 and 1900.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1866 births
1950 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Swarnam is a 2008 Malayalam language Indian drama film, directed by Venugopan and written by S. Suresh Babu. It stars Kalabhavan Mani and Praveena in lead roles and also features Jagathy Sreekumar, Indrans, Valsala Menon, Ashokan, Murali and Kozhikode Narayanan Nair in supporting roles. It was released in May 2008.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Dhivakaran
Praveena as Radha
Murali Pillai
Baby Nayanthara
Jagathy Sreekumar
Indrans
Valsala Menon
Ashokan
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair
Shreyas Madhavan
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Onebala choristis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1904. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Western Australia, New South Wales and Queensland.
The wingspan is . The forewings are dark bronzy fuscous with a rather broad suffused bronzy-ochreous dorsal streak from the base to beyond the middle. There are three violet-silvery-metallic transverse lines, white towards the costa, the first from two-fifths of the costa to beyond the middle of the dorsum, obtusely angulated in the middle, indented beneath this, the second from middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, dilated towards the costa, somewhat bent in the middle. The third from four-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, rather irregular. There is also a whitish-ochreous tornal patch, containing two black dashes. The hindwings are grey, becoming dark grey posteriorly. There are two cloudy white opposite spots beyond the middle sometimes distinct, more usually faint or obsolete.
References
Moths described in 1904
Onebala
The EG Awards of 2009 are the fourth Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince of Wales on Friday 20 November 2009.
Hall of Fame inductees
Painters and Dockers
The Painters and Dockers formed in 1982 for a one-off benefit gig to pay a friend's parking fines. They went on to develop a reputation for wild shows and the ability to play anywhere— from suburban trains for Rockin' the Rails gigs, a boat for Rockin' the Docks, a float at the Moomba Parade to the 20th floor of a building site and on a picket line. The original lineup last played more than 20 years ago, but felt that they never had proper closure on their career.
Award nominees and winners
Winners indicated below in boldface
References
2009 in Australian music
2009 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
Pressure sensitive may refer to:
Pressure-sensitive adhesive
Pressure-sensitive paper
Pressure-sensitive tape
Piezoelectric sensor
Pressure sensor
Pressure sensitive microphone see also proximity effect
the force with which a key is held after initial impact (see keyboard expression)
Pressure Sensitive, a 1975 album by Ronnie Laws
Udasar is a village in Bikaner tehsil in the state of Rajasthan in northern India. It is the original home of the Jajra pandits.
Villages in Bikaner district
Arthur Guinness (12 March 1768 – 9 June 1855) was a successful brewer, banker, politician and flour miller in Dublin, Ireland. To avoid confusion with their father, also Arthur Guinness (1725–1803), they are often known as "the second Arthur Guinness" or as Arthur Guinness II or Arthur II Guinness.
Family and early career
Arthur Hart Guinness was the second son of Arthur Guinness and their wife Olivia Whitmore, and was born at their home at Beaumont House (now a part of Beaumont Hospital, Dublin). They attended White's Academy in Grafton Street, Dublin, (now the site of Bewley's). Arthur started working for their father at the St James's Gate brewery from the 1780s. In 1790 their father, then aged 65, commented in a letter that the expansion of their brewery was partly due to their help:
"..one of my sons is grown up to be able to assist me in this Business, or I wd not have attempted it, tho' prompted by a demand of providing for Ten Children now living out of one & twenty born to us, & more likely yet to come."
On their marriage to Anne Lee in 1793 the lease of the brewery was assigned to their marriage settlement, proof that they were intended to take over the management of the brewery on their father's death. At the time their younger brothers Benjamin (d.1826) and William (d.1842) were also working in the brewery.
In 1782 their father had also founded the "Hibernian Mills" beside the River Camac in Kilmainham to mill flour for the expanding city's population. This was due to the expansion of Irish exports and commerce fostered from 1779 by the Irish Patriot Party, which the Guinnesses supported.
The Brewery partnership
On their father's death in January 1803, they and their brothers Benjamin and William Lunell created a partnership trading as: "A. B. & W.L. Guinness & Co, brewers and flour millers". They bought Beaumont House from their elder brother the Revd. Hosea Guinness, who was Rector of St. Werburgh's Church, Dublin. In 1808 they bought their first steam engine from Boulton and Watt for pumping water.
Sales grew from 360,936 gallons in 1800 to 2,133,504 gallons by 1815. A slump followed, with sales dropping from 66,000 barrels to 27,000 by 1820.
From its rebuilding in 1797–99 the brewery had stopped brewing ale and concentrated on porter. From the 1820s enhanced and stronger varieties of porter known as "Extra Superior Porter" or "Double Stout" were developed in Dublin for the export trade to Britain. By 1837 the young Benjamin Disraeli mentioned that they had: ".. supped at the Carlton.. off oysters, Guinness and broiled bones".
In the background Arthur's brewery benefited hugely until the 1830s from the difference between the malt tax levied in Britain and Ireland, easing their higher-value exports to Britain, and so Arthur became more of a supporter of the union as it was in the 1830s, having been a supporter of Grattan's form of home rule in their youth.
In 1839 Guinness assisted their nephew John in establishing a short-lived brewery in Bristol.
By their death in 1855, St James's Gate was brewing and selling 78,000 hogsheads annually, equivalent to 4,212,000 gallons. Of these, 42,000 hogsheads were exported, mainly to the British market.
Philanthropy
They supported, as trustee or sponsor, the:
Meath Street Savings Bank;
Catholic Association 1823–29;
Society for Improving the Condition of the Poor
Hibernian Bible Society
The Meath Hospital
Bethesda Locks Penitentiary, Dorset St, both Arthur and their wife served on the Governing Committee
They were also a subscriber to Nelson's Pillar, built from 1808-9.
Their religious views appear to have been Low church Anglican.
Banking career
Due to the halving of brewery sales in 1815–20 down to a million gallons a year, the partnership relied on profits from its flour mills during the Post-Napoleonic depression. The mills had burnt down in 1806, were rebuilt and leased from 1828, and were sold in 1838.
Arthur had also become interested in banking and was appointed to the "Court of Directors" of the Bank of Ireland between 1804–47, eventually becoming its Governor in 1820–22. The bank's headquarters were the former Irish Houses of Parliament. In 1825 Arthur sought unsuccessfully to remove the bar on Catholics being chosen as directors of the bank.
They were also chairperson of the Dublin Chamber of Commerce, elected unanimously from 1826 to 1855, and was a member of the Ouzel Galley Society that provided arbitration in business disputes. They were elected a member of Dublin Corporation; of the Dublin Brewers' Guild; and of the Royal Dublin Society in 1802.
Despite the drop in Dublin's commerce caused by the Act of Union of 1801, the Napoleonic Wars and the post-war depression, the removal of the former aristocracy to London, and the difficult and deflationary currency union of 1818–26 between the old Irish pound and the pound sterling, Guinness persevered in banking. As a result of their networking they were one of the Dubliners chosen to greet George IV on their visit to the city in 1821.
Marriages
Guinness married Anne Lee at St. Mary's Church, Dublin on 7 May 1793. Their wife Anne (1774–1817) was a daughter of the Dublin builder and brickmaker Benjamin Lee and their wife, Susanna Smyth. They had nine children, including:
Revd. William S. Guinness (1795–1864), clergyman
Arthur Lee Guinness (1797–1863), art collector and brewer until 1839
Sir Benjamin Lee Guinness, 1st Baronet (1798–1868), brewer and MP
Susanna Guinness (1804–36); married the Revd John Darley
Elizabeth Guinness (1813-1897); married Revd William Jameson
Rebecca Guinness (1814–70); married Sir Edmund Waller (1797–1851)
Arthur remarried, to Maria Barker, in 1821; they had no children.
In 1804 their brother Benjamin married Rebecca Lee, Anne's sister. Their daughter Susan married Arthur's eldest son, Revd. William S. Guinness, in 1826.
In 1814, Arthur joined their brother Hosea in applying for a grant to use the arms of the Gaelic Magennis clan from County Down, as their father had used them from 1761. The Deputy Herald Sir William Betham refused the same arms but granted similar arms that were recoloured. Arthur impaled the arms of their wife's family, the Lees.
Business succession
The late 1830s was a time of transition. The family flour mill in Kilmainham was sold in 1838 on the passing of the Bread (Ireland) Act. The partnerships with their brothers had ended by 1840; Their eldest son was a clergyman; and their second son, the third Arthur Guinness, had resigned in 1839 due to a brief affair with Dion Boucicault who was working as a clerk at the brewery.
Thereafter their third son Benjamin managed the brewery from 1839 with the Purser family, with Arthur, by now aged 70, involved only with the larger decisions. On Arthur's death in 1855 Benjamin became sole owner of the business. In turn, their third son Edward would become the sole owner from 1876.
Political views
Arthur supported Catholic Emancipation from at least the 1790s, but not the Society of United Irishmen. On the approach to the 1798 rebellion they deplored both official and rebel violence, and assumed that the solution would be Catholic Emancipation with universal suffrage. In a 1797 speech in Dublin they regretted:
".. the strong measures at present adopted for the suppression and prevention of tumult and disorder", and they suggested: "The things most likely to produce this most desirable end are the total removal of the remaining barriers between us and our Roman Catholic brethren and a constitutional reform in the representation of the people in Parliament."
The Dublin Catholic Board commented in 1813 that they and their brothers were: "..entitled to the confidence, gratitude and thanks of the Catholics of Ireland". In 1819 they are mentioned in a group of supporters visiting Henry Grattan.
They were elected to Dublin Corporation arising from their selection as one of the four members sent by the Dublin Brewers' Guild, under the old elective system that was reformed by the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act 1840. They did not want to stand for election to the House of Commons, explaining to their son Benjamin that:
"..The office of sitting in parliament for a great city, and especially such a city as Dublin, where party and sectarian strife so signally abound, and more especially if filled by one engaged in our line of business, is fraught with difficulty and danger."
In 1829 they helped raise £30,000 for Daniel O'Connell at the time of Catholic Emancipation when they took their seat in the House of Commons. In May 1831 they spoke at a meeting campaigning for what became the Reform Act 1832, saying:
"A great change was taking place all over the world. Men were awakening. Reason and intelligence were on their majestic way, and everywhere the good principle was beginning to be asserted that Governments were instituted for the benefit of the people.. ".
Their early support for Daniel O'Connell changed during the 1837 election when Arthur voted for the conservatives (then a public act), and from now on they opposed O'Connell's proposals to repeal the Act of Union. In their 1837 victory speech O'Connell commented dismissively that:
"I thought they had a better spirit; but at all events, they have now the recollection of their conduct without the consolation of having inflicted any real injury. With contemptuous pity I dismiss the Guinnesses".
O'Connell then editorialised with regret in their journal, The Pilot that Arthur:
"..never committed but this one error.. who is known to be.. a friend of civil and religious liberty, and a foe to.. corruption and Orange domination".
This opposition was inflamed by O'Connell's son Daniel junior being given the neighbouring Phoenix brewery to run from 1831, despite their lack of experience, which had failed within a few years. But from the late 1830s the O'Connells lost all interest in brewing when Father Mathew started their temperance crusade. By 1839 O'Connell was describing Arthur in a private letter as a: "miserable old apostate".
During the Great Famine of the 1840s, Arthur called on their son Benjamin to donate to the starving, adding that:
"..my purse is open to the call." How much was donated is unknown.
This was in contrast to O'Connell, who spoke in sympathy, but achieved so little for the poor. O'Connell's allies, the Liberals, were led by Sir John Russell whose laissez-faire policy would worsen the effects of the famine in 1846–49, refusing to send sufficient emergency supplies. In contrast, the conservative Second Peel ministry of 1841–46 had at least organised deliveries of food in late 1845.
Retirement and death
Having established a huge growth in exports Arthur retired to Torquay in the 1840s, with occasional visits to Dublin. They died at Beaumont in 1855, aged 87, and was buried at Mount Jerome Cemetery. Their funeral procession was attended by "mutes bearing wands and mourning badges". Their net estate at probate was valued at £180,000.
Reference books
Hall, FG; The Bank of Ireland 1783–1946. Hodges Figgis (Dublin) and Blackwell's (Oxford) 1948.
Martelli G. Man of their time. London 1957
Lynch P. & Vaizey J; Guinness's Brewery in the Irish Economy 1759–1876. Cambridge University Press 1960.
Wilson D. Dark and Light Weidenfeld & Nicolson, London 1998
Hughes D; A Bottle of Guinness Please": The Colourful History of Guinness. Phimboy 2006.
Guinness P: Arthur's Round Peter Owen, London 2008.
Joyce J.; The Guinnesses Poolbeg Press, Dublin 2009.
Notes
1768 births
1855 deaths
Arthur II
18th-century Irish businesspeople
Irish bankers
Irish philanthropists
Businesspeople from County Dublin
Local councillors in Dublin (city)
Politicians from Dublin (city)
Economic history of Ireland
19th-century Irish businesspeople
Schmidtottia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae, native to eastern Cuba. Adapted to serpentine soils, they are nickel hyperaccumulators.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Schmidtottia corymbosa Borhidi
Schmidtottia cubensis (Standl.) Urb.
Schmidtottia cucullata Borhidi
Schmidtottia elliptica (Britton) Urb.
Schmidtottia involucrata (Wernham) Alain
Schmidtottia marmorata Urb.
Schmidtottia monantha Urb.
Schmidtottia monticola Borhidi
Schmidtottia multiflora Urb.
Schmidtottia neglecta (Borhidi) Borhidi
Schmidtottia nitens (Britton) Urb.
Schmidtottia parvifolia Alain
Schmidtottia scabra Borhidi & Acuña
Schmidtottia sessilifolia (Britton) Urb.
Schmidtottia shaferi (Standl.) Urb.
Schmidtottia stricta Borhidi
Schmidtottia uliginosa (Wernham) Urb.
References
Chiococceae
Rubiaceae genera
Endemic flora of Cuba
Ranvika is a cove on the east coast of Peter I Island, in the Bellingshausen Sea off the coast of the Antarctic.
The island was discovered in 1927 by a Norwegian expedition on the commanded by Eyvind Tofte. The bay may be named after Ranvik, a bay in Norway, the site of the estate of Lars Christensen, sponsor of the expedition.
References
Coves of Antarctica
Bodies of water of Ellsworth Land
Peter I Island
Words of Wisdom and Hope is an album produced in collaboration between Glasgow, Scotland's Teenage Fanclub and Half Japanese frontman Jad Fair. It was released on 4 March 2002 on Domino's subsidiary label Geographic in Europe and on Alternative Tentacles in the US.
Critical reception
NME wrote that "with amiable janglers the Fanclub providing a predictibly pleasant backdrop, Jad‘s syrupy ruminations on life -think Lou Reed on prozac- take on a certain primitive charm." The Guardian wrote that "Teenage Fanclub make an ideal backing band, providing soft bubbles of guitar in 'Love Will Conquer' and bringing a surprisingly soulful touch to 'Power of Your Tenderness' and 'You Rock.'"
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Jad Fair — vocals
Norman Blake — guitar, bass, keyboards
Raymond McGinley — guitar, mandola
Finlay Macdonald — keyboards, bass
Gerard Love — guitar, bass, drums
Paul Quinn — drums, guitar
Additional musicians
Katrina Mitchell — vocals, drums
Technical
Teenage Fanclub — producer
Jad Fair — producer, cover art
Johnny Cameron — engineer
Steve Rooke — mastering
References
2002 albums
Collaborative albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Jad Fair albums
Teenage Fanclub albums
Winston-Salem Preparatory Academy (WSPA) is a public school located in Forsyth County, in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Its building location is at the former site of Atkins High School.
Overview
Small class sizes
There are approximately 85 students per middle school grade and 100 students per high school grade. The average class size is around 20 students per class.
Admission requirements
WSPA students are accepted through a process that includes a written essay, an interview, commitment of parent support, a written agreement, promise of volunteer in support of school activities, and a follow-up by letter indicating acceptance to the WSPA Magnet Program. These admissions are led by the school counselors Rhonda Scott or Cheryl Perry-Jones.
References
External links
WSPA website
High schools in Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Public high schools in North Carolina
Public middle schools in North Carolina
Magnet schools in North Carolina
Alfredo Valente (born November 6, 1980) is a former Canadian soccer midfielder who formerly played for the Vancouver Whitecaps of the USL First Division (USL-1). Valente played 11 seasons with the 86ers/Whitecaps organization, winning USL championships with the club in 2006 and 2008. They also played indoor soccer with the Edmonton Drillers of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL) early in their professional career. Internationally, Valente has represented Canada with the under-18, under-20 and under-23 national teams.
Early life
Growing up in Burnaby, British Columbia, a neighbouring city east of Vancouver, Valente began playing soccer at the age of four years. They joined the local youth and amateur Coquitlam Metro-Ford Soccer Club (CMFSC) program at 12 and debuted with the men's team in the Vancouver Metro Soccer League's Premier division three years later.
Valente attended and graduated from Alpha Secondary School in Burnaby, where they also played for the high school's soccer club, the Aztecs, leading them to a provincial championship.
Playing career
Valente was drafted by the Vancouver 86ers (renamed to the Whitecaps in 2001) as the club's top pick in the 1998 A-League Player Draft. They made their professional debut with the 86ers at the age of 17 years in the USISL A-League and scored four goals in 14 games to be named Vancouver's top rookie that year in 1998. They recorded their best season with the 86ers in 2000, leading the team in scoring with 10 goals. In 2002, Valente led Vancouver in assists with 10, finishing tied for fifth overall in the USL First Division.
Under the leadership of head coach Bob Lilley, hired in 2004, Valente's playing time began to decrease. They did not get off the bench in the 2005 playoffs. The next season, however, after scoring a goal and an assist in the regular season, they started the title game against the Rochester Raging Rhinos; Valente helped the Whitecaps to their first USL championship, defeating Rochester 3–0. Attempting to defend the Whitecaps' league title in 2007, Valente appeared in 24 games, while starting in 14. Coming off the bench in the club's two playoff games, Valente and the Whitecaps were defeated in the quarterfinals.
On February 7, 2008, the Whitecaps re-signed Valente for an 11th season. At the time of the signing, they ranked seventh in Vancouver's all-time combined playoff and regular season scoring list with 32 goals and 35 assists in 234 games. As Lilley was replaced by Icelandic Teitur Thordarson as head coach, Valente's playing time increased, becoming a regular starter. After finishing with the second best regular season record in 2008, the Whitecaps won their second USL championship in three years, defeating the Puerto Rico Islanders 2–1 at Swangard Stadium on October 12, 2008. Valente was instrumental in the Whitecaps first goal in the 56th minute, directing a corner into the Islanders' box, where Charles Gbeke headed the ball in.
Several months later, Valente was released by the Whitecaps, as the club chose against their 2009 contract option, on December 8, 2008, along with fellow veterans Steve Kindel and Jeff Clarke. Club president Bob Lenarduzzi and coach Thordarson cited "philosophical differences" for the roster changes. Valente left the Whitecaps second all-time in franchise assists. At the end of the 2008 season, Valente, Kindel and Clarke, all long-time members of the club, had voiced their concerns over Thordarson's coaching style in separate one-on-one meetings with him.
Following their release from the Whitecaps, Valente rejoined the Coquitlam Metro-Ford Wolves of the Vancouver Metro Soccer League's Premier Division in 2009. They have been involved with CMFSC, their old youth and amateur soccer club, since 2005 as youth coach and head coach of technical operations, as well.
International play
Valente has represented Canada with the under-18, under-20 and Olympic under-23 national teams. They played with Canada's U-18s for a tournament in Italy in March 1998 and the U-20s several months later in August 1998. The following year, they were chosen to represent Canada at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg. In 2000, Valente went on tour with the Canadian Olympic team in Mexico as a 19-year-old.
Personal life
Alfredo is married to Kristen Valente and has a son, Noah, born on December 19, 2007.
Awards and accomplishments
Named Vancouver 86ers Top Rookie in 1998.
Led Vancouver Whitecaps in goals (10) in 2000.
Led Vancouver Whitecaps in assists (10) in 2002.
Won a USL First Division championship in 2006 and 2008.
Honors
Vancouver Whitecaps
USL First Division Championship (2): 2006, 2008
References
External links
USL profile of Alfredo Valente
Edmonton Drillers: Alfredo Valente
1980 births
Canadian soccer players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Association football midfielders
Edmonton Drillers (1996–2000) players
Living people
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
People from Burnaby
People from Coquitlam
Soccer players from Vancouver
USL First Division players
Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010) players
Pan American Games competitors for Canada
Footballers at the 1999 Pan American Games
The 1923–24 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 16th since its establishment.
Overview
South China won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League
1923 in Hong Kong
1924 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
The Oil Depletion Analysis Centre (ODAC) is an independent, UK-registered educational charity. The centre is working to raise international public awareness and promote better understanding of the world's oil depletion and peak oil problem. It is based in London and belongs to the New Economics Foundation.
ODAC was founded in June 2001 on the belief that an informed public debate about the likely impacts of depleting oil supplies is critically needed. A growing number of experts now predict that world oil production has peaked or will reach its physical peak within the coming decade and then start to permanently decline. The prevailing view of most energy policy-makers and institutions is that near-term oil supply is mainly an economic and geopolitical concern. Under almost any scenario, however, lead time is running short for a smooth transition to new energy systems and a less oil-dependent way of life.
On 30 March 2012, the activities of the Oil Depletion Analysis Centre (ODAC) were taken over by its parent organisation, the New Economics Foundation (NEF).
Aims
ODAC aims to engage public interest, stimulate concern and create public-interest momentum for progressive change in energy policy and planning. The organisation disseminates related information as effectively as possible to news media, other opinion-formers and leaders, interest groups and the public at large. It seeks to facilitate information exchanges between and among interested parties and monitors developments in oil-depletion analysis, maintains an up-to-date information base, and offers an advisory service on oil-depletion issues.
History
The organisation was founded by Sarah Astor and Dr. Colin Campbell. In their book Oil Crisis Campbell explains that the Astor family wanted to establish and provide funds for an institute to raise awareness on this issue of oil depletion and peak oil. The first director was Dr. Roger Bentley.
Publications
In 2004, ODAC sponsored Chris Skrebowski's report, called "Oil Field Megaprojects", which analysed data from 68 oil production projects.
In November 2005, ODAC published a report after conducting a survey led by Chris Skrebowski, which concluded that oil supply will not meet demand by 2007 or 2008.
In June 2007, a report authored by Colin Campbell predicted that peak oil would occur within four years.
Trustees
Christopher Patey (Chair)
Formerly Head of Public Affairs and Community Relations, Mobil North Sea Ltd, and author of a book on the history of the company's activities, they are currently a non-executive director of Sponsorship Consulting Ltd, a marketing communications firm.
Sarah Astor
Co-founder of ODAC and of another UK charity that helps political refugees (Asylum Aid), they were formerly a trustee of a research charity dedicated to sustainable land-use, agriculture and food systems (Elm Farm Research Centre).
Dr. Colin Campbell
Former Executive Vice President, Fina Exploration, Norway, they are Chairman and Founder of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas (ASPO) and Visiting Scientist at Uppsala University in Sweden. They have published three books and numerous articles on oil depletion.
Richard Hardman, CBE
Former Vice President, Exploration, Amerada Hess International, they are now an oil and gas exploration consultant. They were formerly President of the UK Geological Society, and chairperson of the Science and Innovation Strategy Board of the Natural Environment Research Council.
Roger Harrison
Formerly chairperson of a media investment and property company, they were also a non-executive director of three major media companies and chief executive of The Observer newspaper.  They are a trustee of several charities, including a social service charity (Toynbee Hall) and Elm Farm Research Centre.
Chris Skrebowski
Editor of Petroleum Review, a monthly magazine published by the Energy Institute in London, they formerly edited Petroleum Economist and was an oil market analyst for the Saudis for eight years. They started their career in the oil industry as a long-term planner for BP, then joined Petroleum Times as a journalist and edited an offshore magazine in the late 1970s.
David Strahan
David Strahan is an investigative journalist and documentary filmmaker, with many years experience of popularising some of the most difficult and important stories in business and science. They quit the BBC to spend two years researching and writing The Last Oil Shock: A Survival Guide to the Imminent Extinction of Petroleum Man, published by John Murray in April 2007 (pbk ).
Advisers
Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari, Senior Analyst, National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), Iran.
Brian Fleay, Institute of Sustainability & Technology Policy, Murdoch University, Australia.
Klaus Illum, Energy Systems Analysis Consultant, Denmark.
Jean Laherrère, Former Deputy Exploration Manager, Total Oil Company, France.
Ray Leonard, CEO Hyperdynamics Incorporated, Houston, Texas, USA.
Jim MacKenzie, Senior Associate, World Resources Institute, United States.
Susanne Peters, Senior Fellow, Political Science Department, University of Giessen, Germany.
Matthew Simmons, President, Simmons & Company International (energy investment firm), USA.
Walter Youngquist, Geologist and Consultant, USA.
Walter Ziegler, Exploration Consultant, Switzerland.
References
External links
ODAC Information site
Peak oil
Petroleum in the United Kingdom
Educational charities based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2001
2001 establishments in the United Kingdom
Jacob McArthur Mooney (born 1983) is a Canadian poet, blogger, and literary critic.  They are most noted for their 2011 poetry collection Folk, which was a shortlisted Trillium Book Award finalist for English poetry in 2012.
Titles
The New Layman's Almanac (McClelland & Stewart, 2008)
Folk (McClelland & Stewart, 2011)
References
21st-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
People from Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
1983 births
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Living people
21st-century Canadian male writers
Dutözü is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Flora Macrae Forster (1896–1981) was a Welsh educator and writer.
Forster was born in St Thomas, Swansea in 1896, the daughter of Joseph and Alice Forster. Joseph Forster was a railway engineer, and was a descendant from Jonathan Forster from Wylam, one of the inventors of the early locomotive Puffing Billy. By 1911 the family were living in Swansea.
Education
Forster attended Dynevor School and was awarded the Mary Ewart Scholarship for English in 1915, enabling them to study at Somerville College, Oxford for three years. One of their contemporaries, and a friend for the rest of their life, was Margaret Kennedy, author of the 1924 novel The Constant Nymph, who died at Forster's house in Adderbury, Oxfordshire, in 1967. They also came across an older student from Rhydcymerau, Carmarthenshire, David John Williams and there was friendship and correspondence between the two until 1925. The correspondence is held in the DJ Williams Collection at the National Library of Wales. In their correspondence with DJ Williams they discuss the literature of the day and school syllabi. They declined offers from DJ Williams to marry them
They donated a portrait of Henry Griswold Lewis by John Constable to Somerville College.
Career
After graduating in 1918 they got a job teaching English and Latin at Newport High School in Newport, Wales. In 1920 they were appointed lecturer at Barry College. They then went to a job at Homerton College, Cambridge in 1922 and the following year they were appointed another post at a college in Dudley. When in 1931 a new girls' secondary school was established in Malvern Hall, Solihull, they were appointed principal and held the position of Solihull High School for Girls until their retirement in 1961. They were highly regarded in the area and as of 2018 there is still a scholarship offered in their name for students in the Solihull district. Forster died in 1981.
References
1896 births
1981 deaths
19th-century Welsh people
19th-century Welsh women
20th-century Welsh writers
20th-century Welsh women writers
20th-century Welsh educators
20th-century women educators
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
People from Swansea
Welsh women educators
People educated at Dynevor School, Swansea
British letter writers
Women letter writers
The Driffield Times & Post was a weekly newspaper in Driffield, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was owned by Yorkshire Regional Newspapers Ltd a subsidy of the Johnston Press publishing empire.
History
The Driffield Times paper was founded in 1869 originally it was in a broadsheet format but in 1988 switched to the tabloid format. In September 2011, the Times merged with another local newspaper, the Driffield Post. It was announced on 10 August 2016 that the Driffield Times and Post along with the Beverley Guardian would cease publication. The last issue of the Driffield Times and Post went on sale on Thursday 15 September 2016 bringing to an end almost 150 years of publication.
References
Newspapers published in Yorkshire
Publications established in 1869
1869 establishments in England
Kaligandaki is a Rural municipality located within the Gulmi District of the Lumbini Province of Nepal.
The rural municipality spans of area, with a total population of 18,876 according to a 2011 Nepal census.
On March 10, 2017, the Government of Nepal restructured the local level bodies into 753 new local level structures.
The previous Harmichaur, Phoksing, Arbani, Jayakhani, Purtighat, Khadgakot and Bhurmung VDCs were merged to form Kaligandaki Rural Municipality.
Kaligandaki is divided into 7 wards, with Purtighat declared the administrative center of the rural municipality.
References
External links
official website of the rural municipality
Rural municipalities in Gulmi District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
In June 2022, the U.S. state of Montana was hit by heavy, damaging floods in multiple major watersheds including the Yellowstone River. Heavy rain and melting snow over the weekend June 10–13 caused large areas of Yellowstone National Park to be evacuated. On June 14, the water plant in Billings was temporarily shut down. Many houses were damaged as a result, and a number of roads and bridges were destroyed by floodwaters.
The National Weather Service said that heavy rain on top of melting mountain snow pushed the Yellowstone, Stillwater and Clarks Fork rivers to record levels and triggered rock and mudslides. The Montana National Guard said that 87 people had been airlifted by helicopter to safety. Cities and towns affected include Gardiner, Fromberg, Livingston, Red Lodge. On Monday, June 13 Governor Greg Gianforte verbally authorized Lt Governor Kristen Juras to declare a state of emergency. Governor Gianforte was vacationing in Italy, and returned Thursday, June 16. On June 16, the Federal Emergency Management Agency announced that federal disaster assistance has been made available to the state of Montana.
On June 18, it was reported that heavier flooding is expected to reach Billings and other areas in Eastern Montana. The flooding so far has reportedly caused $29 million dollars in damage.
Multiple watersheds impacted
Yellowstone River headwaters
The Carbella Bridge, which crossed the Yellowstone River was destroyed.
Stillwater River
Homes near Absarokee were threatened when the Stillwater River flooded, eroding the riverbanks. Extensive flooding of the river also affected Nye and Fishtail.
Clarks Fork of the Yellowstone
On June 13, Rock Creek, a tributary of the Clarks Fork of the Yellowstone, flooded Red Lodge, Montana damaging roads, bridges and buildings.
Missouri River headwaters
Fishing Access Sites along the Madison River near Ennis, Montana and several roads near tributary creeks were closed due to flooding in the Madison River watershed. The Ruby River in the Jefferson River watershed experienced flooding, closing roads above and below Ruby Reservoir near Alder, Montana.
Flathead River
A 43-year-old man was killed in a rafting incident on the Flathead River on June 21. High water levels and debris have reportedly made the river dangerous.
Yellowstone National Park
On June 14, 2022, Yellowstone National Park shut down all of its entrances, and began evacuation of approximately 10,000 visitors currently in the park. The National Park Service had stated that many parts, including the North part of Yellowstone, would be closed for "a substantial length of time". Flood damage, mostly road washouts and mudslides, were extensive on the Yellowstone River headwaters of Soda Butte Creek, Lamar River and Gardner River. Multiple road washouts in the Gardner River canyon made the park inaccessible from the Northern Entrance road, including park administrative, maintenance and concessionaire facilities in Gardiner.
References
2022 in Montana
Natural disasters in Montana
Floods in the United States
Yellowstone National Park
June 2022 events in the United States
2022 natural disasters in the United States
2022 floods
Floods in Montana
2022 meteorology
Walter Hagen (16 March 1897 – 24 November 1963) was a pilot in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves of Nazi Germany.
Awards
Clasp to the Iron Cross (1939) 2nd Class (17 September 1939) & 1st Class (9 June 1940)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight's Cross on 21 July 1940 as "Major" and "Gruppenkommandeur" of the III./Sturzkampfgeschwader 1
Oak Leaves on 17 February 1942 as Oberstleutnant and Geschwaderkommodore of Sturzkampfgeschwader 1
References
Citations
Bibliography
1897 births
1963 deaths
Military personnel from Kiel
German military personnel of World War I
German World War II pilots
Luftwaffe World War II generals
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
Major generals of the Luftwaffe
Skyline logging (or skyline yarding) is a form of cable logging in which harvested logs are transported on a suspended steel cable (a cableway or "highline") from where the trees are felled to a central processing location.
The skyline's cable loop runs around a drive pulley, generally at the central delivery end, and the return pulley at the collection end; the collection-end pulley may be moved radially to other locations within the constraints of the system, and may operate over large areas.
Individual logs are attached to the suspended cable by means of choker cables and carriages. A skyline yarder can pull in 5 to 10 logs at a time, using separate chokers. The pulleys are mounted on towers or cranes, other trees, ridges or, in rare cases, helium balloons.
See also
Cable logging
External links
Riding High: Skyline Logger Committed to Conservation
Skyline logging carriage
Log transport
Logging
Greenwich House is a West Village settlement house in New York City.
History
Greenwich House was founded on Thanksgiving Day in 1902 by city planner and social worker Mary K. Simkhovitch in a building at 26 Jones Street in Manhattan's West Village. Its original focus was to help New York's growing immigrant population adapt to life in their new home. Early supporters who joined them on opening day included social reformers Jacob Riis, Felix Adler and Carl Shurz. Greenwich Village was a mixed area at the time. Italian immigrants began crowding out the existing Irish population. Many homes along the maze of streets and alleys lacked running water. There was a high infant death rate and poor education. Early programs sought to relieve congestion and improve living conditions, which included founding the Greenwich Village Improvement Society, forerunner to the Greenwich Village Association and first neighborhood association of its kind in the United States, and publishing the Tenant's Rights Manual, the first ever of its kind in the nation.
Recognizing a need for recreational and skills training among Village residents, Greenwich House established Greenwich House Music School at 46 Barrow in 1905 followed by the Handicraft School, the precursor to Greenwich House Pottery, in 1909. By 1917 the organization's programs were becoming overcrowded in its Jones Street buildings. Thanks to a gift from Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, Greenwich House was able to hire architects Delano and Aldrich to design its current federalist building at 27 Barrow Street. The new building, complete with gym, running track, theater and rooftop playground provided Greenwich House the space to establish new programs like a nursery school and children's theater program.
Greenwich House soon needed more space. The old Handicraft School building was rebuilt as Greenwich House Pottery in 1928, enabling it to become an international center for ceramics. The Metropolitan Museum of Art purchased two pieces from the Pottery in 1939. In 1942 Greenwich House continued to add more services with the New York City's first after-school program followed closely be a senior center. By the 1980s Greenwich House offered a mix of social service and arts education programs.
In the late 1980s Greenwich House played a central role in the AIDS crisis in the West Village neighborhood, one of the city's original gay villages. In 1987 Greenwich House opened the AIDS Mental Health Project followed by the HIV Primary Medical Care Project. Today, the organization continues to host a long term HIV survivors support group.
Also in 1987, Greenwich House founded the Children's Safety Project, the only program in the city dedicated to treating young victims of abuse. The Children's Safety Project was founded after a group of concerned neighbors came together after the killing of local Village child, nine year old Lisa Steinberg.
Today Greenwich House provides art education, senior service and behavioral health programs including an after-school, summer arts camp, nursery school, senior centers and senior health clinic, substance abuse clinics and a program for children who have suffered from abuse.
Locations and facilities
Greenwich House's main facilities are located in Greenwich Village, including its main building at 27 Barrow Street, Pottery at 16 Jones Street and Music School at 46 Barrow Street. Greenwich House also rents space for programs, primarily senior and behavioral health programs, including at a nearby church, Our Lady of Pompeii; at a former convent located on Washington Square Park North.
Greenwich House's main building was built between 1916 and 1917, funded by board members including Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Anna Woershoffer. The Flemish-bond building was designed in the neo-federal style by architects Delano and Aldrich. The building was considered an example of refined American design, complete with mural by Arthur Crisp, intended to inspire immigrants new to the country. The seven story building contains a professional theater, currently the home of Ars Nova and previously home to Soho Rep and the Barrow Street Theatre, a gym with running track, commercial kitchen, medical offices and a rooftop playground among other facilities. The building was built with a shaft for an elevator, but no actual elevator, as the new technology was too expensive at the time.
Greenwich House Pottery is located at 16 Jones Street. The current building was built in 1928, also designed by Delano and Aldrich. The building is notable for containing the only gas kilns in Manhattan which are grandfathered despite no longer being allowed in new construction. It is also the home of the Jane Hartsook Gallery.
Greenwich House Music School, located at 46 Barrow Street composes two out of a row of six brick row homes. The homes were originally designed in the Italianate style by Smith Woodruff in 1851. The two Music School homes were combined on the interior and now comprise the 100 seat Renee Weiler Concert Hall as well as soundproof practice rooms.
Greenwich House's rented space in the basement of Our Lady of Pompeii Catholic Church also received notoriety. In 2015, after more than thirty years in the space, the pastor of the church attempted to kick the senior center out, hoping to lease the space for more money to movie crews wanting to film in the Village. After months of negotiations, including elected officials and Cardinal Timothy Dolan, weighing in, the Church agreed to a new revised lease allowing the center to remain.
Programs
Greenwich House Music School
Founded in 1905, Greenwich House Music School is a true community based arts school located. The School was the result of a growing Italian population with a strong musical tradition at the turn of the 20th Century in the Village. Started as a place for immigrant children Greenwich House Music School now provides music, art and dance education for both children and adults. About 40 faculty members provide group and individual instruction for a variety of instruments including piano, strings, guitar, harp, percussion, woodwinds, brass and Suzuki Violin. In addition to music, early childhood classes are offered in music and art. Dance classes are also available at the school.
The Renee Weiler Concert Hall on the school's second floor hosts a variety of performances throughout the year. Notable performers who have passed through the concert hall include Meredith Monk, Hilary Hahn, John Cage, David Amram, Tim Berne and Ruth Laredo.
Notable faculty members include long time Piano Chair, German Diez (1924-2014), Morton Subotnick, sometimes referred to as the grandfather of Electronic Music, and current faculty Brandee Younger, jazz harpist. Notable alumni include Bobby Lopez, the Tony, Grammy, Emmy and Academy Award-winning composer for the movie Frozen, Avenue Q and Book of Mormon, as well as Erika Nickrenz of the Eroica Trio.
Greenwich House Music School was named by CBS New York as one of the best music schools for adults in New York City, and is a member of the National Guild for Community Arts Education.
Greenwich House Pottery
Greenwich House Pottery is a full service clay studio center for ceramics. The Pottery offers classes and workshops for students of all ages. It also hosts Master Series lectures as well and two residency programs, including Egyptian painter Ghada Amer.
Within Greenwich House Pottery is the Jane Hartsook Gallery.[13] The gallery was named in honor of Jane Hartsook, former Pottery director.
Greenwich House Youth Community Center and Summer STEAM Camp
Greenwich House YCC and Summer STEAM Camp is located in Greenwich House's main building, 27 Barrow Street. When the Children's Aid Society moved away from the West Village in 2011, Greenwich House assumed responsibility for its After-School and Summer Arts Camp programs.
Children's Safety Project
In 1987 six-year-old Village girl Lisa Steinberg was found murdered, the victim of physical abuse, with the prime suspects their adoptive parents. Headlines following the trail and conviction of Lisa's adoptive father and illegal guardian filled the papers for two years straight. A direct response to the community's call to protect its children, Greenwich House launched the Children's Safety Project that same year. CSP helps children heal from their trauma of abuse through supportive therapy and by teaching them the life-skills required to become self-reliant and lead productive lives. While originally intended to serve the immediate neighborhood, CSP has expanded over time to serve hundreds of the most vulnerable individuals a year from across the city with individualized therapy.
Barrow Street Nursery School
Barrow Street Nursery School is a pre-school.
Additional programs
Greenwich House also operates four senior centers, a senior health and consultation center providing mental and physical health treatment, a methadone maintenance clinic, chemical dependency program and all-girls non-competitive basketball league.
Notable people
Mary Kingsbury Simkhovitch, founder,
Jacob Riis, early supporter,
Eleanor Roosevelt, supporter,
Carola Woerishoffer, resident (1907-1909) and supporter
Gertrude Payne Whitney, supporter, helped fund 27 Barrow building,
Guy Pene du Bois, painter,
Jackson Pollock, received free studio time by sweeping floors at Greenwich House Pottery,
Leonard Warren, singer,
Julius Rudel, conductor,
Ossip Gabrilowitsch, pianist,
Henry Cowell, composer,
Edgar Varese, potter,
Peter Voulkos, potter,
Marshall Field, board president, 1938-1944,
Amelia Earhart, resident, 1927-1929,
Manton B. Metcalf, board president, 1947-1954.
See also
Settlement House
References
External links
Greenwich House Records at Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives at New York University Special Collections
Settlement houses in New York City
Greenwich Village
Cheryl Bogart (born November 27, 1977) is an American music industry veteran and spinal cord injury awareness advocate.
Personal life
Bogart was born in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois and is of Russian, Polish and Italian descent. They spent their early life in Beverly Hills, CA and graduated from Good Shepherd Catholic School, followed by Beverly Hills High School. Them higher learning continued at Wilbur Wright College and Santa Monica City College. In their 20s they became business partners and married music executive and songwriter Evan Bogart. In October 2005, Bogart sustained an incomplete spinal cord injury as a result of a fall. They became a passionate advocate for spinal cord injuries, supporting research and cures for regenerative medicine and nanotechnology, while still maintaining their place in the music industry.
Family
Bogart's brother, Phillip Scheid VI, was injured in a 1999 shooting by their childhood best friend, Scott Sterling, son of real estate mogul and former Los Angeles Clippers basketball team owner Donald Sterling. Reportedly the incident occurred after an argument between the two regarding actor Lindsey McKeon.
Career
Bogart's career in the entertainment world began in their late teens, when they started scouting models, musicians and actors for No Limit Records. They were mentored by Elliot Roberts at Lookout Management, then went on to work for numerous record and management companies in Los Angeles and New York.
In 2002, Bogart helped then-business partner and husband, Evan Bogart, form Casbah Artists Management in tribute to Evan's deceased father and Casablanca Records founder, Neil Bogart. During that time, Cheryl inspired Evan and their producer J.R. Rotem to develop the all-girl trio, Raw Candy. The song SOS (Rescue Me), originally written for Raw Candy, eventually became a worldwide hit, popularized by the singer Rihanna.
Bogart went on to form their own management company, Spider Artists Management where they managed Casey Johnson, and, among others, Richard Grieco's band, Wasteland Park. In 2009, they signed The Green Children, a duo from The United Kingdom and Norway, to a two-album deal under their management company. During that same year, they took on the role as senior executive for Knightingale Entertainment, which is owned by The Green Children. Bogart secured a worldwide distribution deal for the group through Spinside Records, a subsidiary of Inside Recordings, which is owned by the legendary Jackson Browne. Bogart and The Green Children parted ways in 2011, and now they are focusing on creative production in television.
In addition to their work with Spider Artists Management, Bogart began writing a book in 2010 about the dark underbelly of Beverly Hills, including details of their association with real estate mogul and former L.A. Clippers basketball team owner Donald Sterling.
References
External links
New Mobility Magazine
Beluga Heights
1975 births
Living people
American music industry executives
American music managers
A&R people
People from Oak Park, Illinois
People with paraplegia
Mount Toogood () is a mountain (2,100 m; 6890 ft) at the south side of the head of Edwards Glacier in the Daniels Range, Usarp Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for David J. Toogood, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) geologist at McMurdo Station, 1967–68 and 1968–69.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Salvador Martínez Pérez (26 February 1933 – 2 January 2019) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop.
Biography
Martínez Pérez was born in Mexico and was ordained to the priesthood in 1960. They served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Huejutla, Mexico, from 1994 to 2009.
Notes
1933 births
2019 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
The Constitution of the State of Nevada is the organic law of the state of Nevada, and the basis for Nevada's statehood as one of the United States.
History
The Nevada Constitution was created in 1864 at a convention on July 4 in Carson City. The convention adjourned on July 28, was approved by public vote on the first Wednesday in September, and became effective on October 31, when on that date President Abraham Lincoln declared Nevada to be a state.
Nevada's entry into full statehood in the United States was expedited. Union sympathizers were so eager to gain statehood for Nevada that they rushed to send the entire state constitution by telegraph to the United States Congress before the presidential election and they did not believe that sending it by train would guarantee that it would arrive on time. The constitution was sent October 26–27, 1864, just two weeks before the election on November 7, 1864. The transmission took two days; it consisted of 16,543 words and cost $4,303.27 ($62,295.77 adjusted for 2012) to send. It was, at the time, the longest telegraph transmission ever made, a record it held for seventeen years, until a copy of the 118,000-word English Revised Version of the New Testament was sent by telegraph on May 22, 1881.
General provisions
The document has two prefix provisions; a preamble; 19 articles (one having been repealed); and a suffix provision. The first prefix provision defines the requirement that the state have a constitutional convention. The second prefix provision declares certain mandates applicable to the state, including a prohibition on slavery, religious freedom, and declaring the public lands to be property of the United States. Later amendments changed this provision. The preamble reads: "We the people of the State of Nevada Grateful to Almighty God for our freedom in order to secure its blessings, insure domestic tranquility, and form a more perfect Government, do establish this Constitution."
The articles of the Nevada Constitution are:
Declaration of Rights
Right of Suffrage
Distribution of Powers
Legislative Department
Executive Department
Judicial Department
Impeachment and Removal From Office
Municipal and Other Corporations
Finance and State Debt
Taxation
Education
Militia
Public Institutions
Boundary
Miscellaneous Provisions
Amendments
Schedule
[Right of Suffrage] Repealed in 1992
Initiative and Referendum
The suffix provision provides for the election of delegates to the constitutional convention.
Unappropriated public lands
Ownership of the public domain by the United States has become controversial in recent years, the Sagebrush Rebellion and the Bundy standoff are examples of certain groups within the State desire to locally manage the public lands within their borders.
The clause disclaiming any right to unappropriated lands originally stated:
Third. That the people inhabiting said territory do agree and declare, that they forever disclaim all right and title to the unappropriated public lands lying within said territory, and that the same shall be and remain at the sole and entire disposition of the United States; and that lands belonging to citizens of the United States, residing without the said state, shall never be taxed higher than the land belonging to the residents thereof; and that no taxes shall be imposed by said state on lands or property therein belonging to, or which may hereafter be purchased by, the United States, unless otherwise provided by the congress of the United States.
After an amendment ratified in the general election of 1996, the clause reads:
Third. That the people inhabiting said territory do agree and declare, that lands belonging to citizens of the United States, residing without the said state, shall never be taxed higher than the land belonging to the residents thereof; and that no taxes shall be imposed by said state on lands or property therein belonging to, or which may hereafter be purchased by, the United States, unless otherwise provided by the Congress of the United States.
The amendment is specified to take effect "on the date Congress consents to amendment or a legal determination is made that such consent is not necessary".
Miscellaneous provisions
The constitutional amendment went into force on November 24, 2020. Section 21 of Article 1 of the Nevada Constitution now reads:
“1. The State of Nevada and its political subdivisions shall recognize marriages and issue marriage licenses to couples regardless of gender.
2. Religious organizations and members of the clergy have the right to refuse to solemnize a marriage, and no person has the right to make any claim against a religious organization or member of the clergy for such a refusal.
3. All legally valid marriages must be treated equally under the law." (Sources: Recognition of same-sex unions in Nevada and LGBT rights in Nevada)
Article 1, section 22, approved by the voters in 2008, limits the power of the state to use eminent domain, which was in response to the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in Kelo v. City of New London.
Article 2, Section 10, requires the legislature to set a limit on initiative, referendum, primary or general election contributions to $5,000 each, and to provide for felony penalties for contributions above this limit.
Article 4, Section 38, permits the use of medical marijuana.
Article 5, Section 3, limits the Governor to two terms, or one if (s)he has served more than two years of someone else's term.
Article 15, Section 16, sets a minimum wage of $5.15 per hour if the employer provides health insurance, or $6.15 if not.
Article 8, Section 9, bars subsidies to private companies.
Amendment procedure
Section 1 of article 19 specifies how the Assembly or Senate may propose amendments to the constitution. A majority of all members of both houses must pass the proposed amendment. The proposed amendment must then pass the next consecutive biennial session. If it passes, the proposed amendment is sent to the people for vote. If the majority of the registered votes pass the amendment, the constitution is amended/changed. Sections 2 and 3 of article 19 defines how citizen initiatives for constitutional amendments can be approved. In short, ballot initiatives must be approved in two general elections.
References
External links
Text of the Constitution of Nevada
1864 in law
Nevada
Nevada law
1864 in American politics
1864 in Nevada
Richard Green is an American retired ice hockey defenseman and coach who was an All-American for Boston University even after suffering a career-ending injury.
Career
Green was a standout star for Watertown High School in baseball, football, and hockey. They were recruited to Boston University in 1961 and made their debut with the varsity team the following year. While the Terriers weren't very good in their first season, Green was recognized as one of the bright spots. They received the ECAC Rookie of the Year and was named Second Team All-ECAC. They were held in such high regard that they were named team co-captain as a junior. BU was the middle of a renaissance in 1964 when tragedy struck; while at the on-campus Sargent Gym, Green suffered a freak neck injury and was forced to immediately end their playing career. Despite missing the later portion of the season, Green was named as the ECAC Most Outstanding Defenseman, to the All-ECAC First Team and an All-American.
After the injury curtailed their playing days, Green remained immersed in the game, and turned to coaching. After graduating in 1966 they became an assistant for the Terriers and helped the team reach the 1967 championship game. In 1968 they got their first head coaching stint with Colby College overseeing the tennis, football and ice hockey programs. After coaching one year of senior league hockey with the New England Blades, Green became a professional scout. They first worked with the Hartford Whalers and then signed on with the New York Islanders in 1980, just in time for the team's 4 consecutive Stanley Cup victories. They were inducted into the Boston University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1981.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Ice hockey coaches from Massachusetts
People from Watertown, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Boston University Terriers men's ice hockey players
Hartford Whalers scouts
New York Islanders scouts
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
The Auvergne is a region in France.
Named after it are:
Auvergne horse
Bleu d'Auvergne, a cheese originating in Auvergne
Régiment d'Auvergne, a former regiment of the French Army from the province of Auvergne
Rural Municipality of Auvergne No. 76, Saskatchewan, Canada
Auvergne Station, a cattle station in the Northern Territory of Australia
Akzhar (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Talshik. Population:
Geography
Lakes Ulken-Karoy and Kishi-Karoy are located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Mirko Pavlović (; born April 21, 1971) is a Serbian professional basketball executive and former player. They currently serve as the sports director for Dynamic Belgrade and Director Ranko Žeravica Sports Hall. They played college basketball for the Southern Illinois Salukis.
Early life
Pavlović was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia, to Tihomir and Olga Pavlović. Their father was a basketball player who played for Crvena zvezda during the 1960s and early 1970s.
College career
Pavlović played college basketball for Southern Illinois Salukis from 1990 to 1994. They appeared in all 29 games in their senior season, 1993–94, season and averaged 11.8 points, 4.4 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game.
Professional career
Pavlović grew up with Crvena zvezda Juniors. They began their professional career with the Zvezda in the 1989–90 season. In 1990, Pavlović moved to the United States to play college basketball for the Southern Illinois Salukis.
After going undrafted in the 1994 NBA draft, Pavlović moved back to Belgrade and signed with Crvena zvezda for three more seasons. They were the team captain in the 1996–97 season.
National team career
Youth
Pavlović was a member of the Yugoslavia national cadets team that won the gold medal at the 1987 European Championship for Cadets in Hungary. Over six tournament games, they averaged 3.0 points per game.
Pavlović was a member of the Yugoslavia national junior team that won the gold medal at the 1988 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship in Yugoslavia. Over three tournament games, they averaged 4.3 points per game. Also, they were a team member of the Junior team that finished 5th at the 1990 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship in the Netherlands. Over three tournament games, Pavlović averaged 8.0 points per game.
Basketball executive career
Crvena zvezda (2002–2017)
In February 2002, Pavlović was named as the coordinator of the youth teams for Crvena zvezda. In August 2007, they got promoted to the deputy sports director. Also, they were a team manager from August 2007 to December 2008.
In March 2010, Pavlović became a general manager for Crvena zvezda. In October 2015, Davor Ristović succeeded them on that position, while they were named as a sports director. In August 2017, Pavlović left the sports director post.
Olimpija Ljubljana
In November 2018, Pavlović was named as an assistant of general manager and senior advisor of basketball operations for Slovenian team Petrol Olimpija. They parted ways with Olimpija in March 2019.
Dynamic Belgrade
On May 29, 2019, Pavlović was named as a sports director for Serbian team Dynamic Belgrade.
See also
List of father-and-son combinations who have played for Crvena zvezda
List of KK Crvena zvezda players with 100 games played
List of European basketball players in the United States
References
External links
Player profile at eurobasket.com
1971 births
Living people
Basketball players from Belgrade
KK Crvena Zvezda executives
KK Crvena zvezda players
Power forwards (basketball)
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Serbian men's basketball players
Southern Illinois Salukis men's basketball players
The Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe (Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe) was a Luftwaffe award established on 27 February 1940 by Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring, the Reich Minister of Aviation and Commander-in-Chief of the Luftwaffe. It was officially known as the Ehrenpokal "für Besondere Leistung im Luftkrieg", or Honor Goblet "For Special Achievement in the Air War". The award was given only to flying personnel (pilots and aircrew). Recipients' named were published in the periodical Ehrenliste der Deutschen Luftwaffe (Honor List of the German Air Force). German archives indicate that approximately 58,000 were given "on paper", but only 13–15,000 goblets were actually awarded according to the records. The first airman to receive the goblet was Oberstleutnant Johann Schalk on 21 August 1940.
The award was made to aircrew who had already been awarded the Iron Cross First Class but whose performance was not considered meriting the German Cross or Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. It was replaced by the Luftwaffe Honour Roll Clasp in January 1944.
The actual goblet was produced in two materials, fine silver (German: Feinsilber) or also in German Silver (German: Alpaka) or Nickel silver. The size is about 200 mm tall x 100 mm in diameter. The goblet was produced in two pieces which were fitted together into one unit. The obverse depicts two eagles in mortal combat, while the reverse bears an Iron Cross in high relief. Oak leaves and acorns adorn the stem. The legend "Für Besondere Leistung im Luftkrieg" are formed into the base.
World War I predecessors
Although Göring considered the "Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe" to be their "personal creation", it was not an original idea. It was based on a World War I aviation award, the Ehrenbecher für den Sieger im Luftkampf, or Honor Goblet for the Victor in Air Combat. This award was generally given upon one's first victory in aerial combat (although the actual award bestowal might come some time after the victory). It has been reported (although the late aviation historian Neal O'Connor, was unable to confirm it before their death), that the requirement for aerial victories may have increased later in the war, since air combat became more common. The total number of awards presented is unknown, but it was fewer than its World War II successor.
Among notable recipients of the Ehrenbecher für den Sieger im Luftkampf were:
Oswald Boelcke – 24 December 1915; One of Germany's top aces of World War I; also received the Pour le Mérite.
Otto Deßloch – award date unknown; later a Colonel General in the Luftwaffe; they also received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oakleaves.
Hermann Göring – 15 April 1916; later Reichsmarschall; received the Pour le Mérite, Baden's Military Karl-Friedrich Merit Order, Grand Cross of the Iron Cross and numerous other decorations.
Georg Ritter von Hengl – 17 July 1918; knighted with the Bavarian Military Order of Max Joseph in October 1918; later became General of Mountain Troops and commanded the 2nd Mountain Division and XIX Mountain Corps.
Max Immelmann - 24 December 1915; German World War I ace whose early exploits and fame led to the nickname for the Pour le Mérite as the "Blue Max"; also received the Knight's Cross and Commander's Cross of Saxony's Military Order of St. Henry.
Bruno Loerzer – award date unknown; the 8th ranking German ace of World War I; also received the Pour le Mérite; later a Colonel General in the Luftwaffe.
Theo Osterkamp – 18 April 1917; naval aviator and Pour le Mérite recipient; also flew in World War II and rose to Lieutenant General in the Luftwaffe.
Manfred von Richthofen - award date unknown; top ace of World War I; also received the Pour le Mérite, Saxony's Military Order of St. Henry, Württemberg's Military Merit Order and numerous other decorations.
Kurt Student – award date unknown; later a Colonel General in the Luftwaffe and commander of German airborne troops.
Ernst Udet – 17 August 1916; second highest scoring German ace of World War I; also received the Pour le Mérite; later a Colonel General in the Luftwaffe.
The Imperial German Navy had its own aviation forces in World War I, and created its own non-portable award for victory in aerial combat. This was the Ehrenpreis für Vernichtung eines feindlichen Flugzeugs, or Honor Prize for the Destruction of an Enemy Aircraft. This was not a goblet, but a trophy of two eagles engaged in a mid-air fight.
There was also another, even more rare, Imperial German award, the Ehrenbecher für erfolgreiche Angriffe aus der Luft, or Honor Goblet for Successful Attacks from the Air. This was apparently only bestowed a very few times to members of bomber or Zeppelin crews for successful attacks.
Citations
References
O'Connor, Neal W. Aviation Awards of Imperial Germany in World War I (in 7 volumes).
Awards established in 1940
Military awards and decorations of Nazi Germany
1940 establishments in Germany
Erich Fak (born 10 March 1945) is an Austrian former international footballer.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
SK Rapid Wien players
FC Kärnten players
Qissa-e Parsi: The Parsi Story is a 2014 documentary on the Parsi community in India. The directors of the film are Shilpi Gulati and Divya Cowasji. The film has been co-produced by Public Service Broadcasting Trust (PSBT) and the Public Diplomacy Division of the Ministry of External Affairs (India).
Awards and screenings
National Film Award for the Best Ethnographic/Anthropological Film 2014
Official Selection at the Indian Panorama, International Film Festival of India 2014
References
2014 documentary films
The Helena Vale Racecourse was a Thoroughbred horse racing track in the eastern suburb of Perth, Western Australia now known as Midvale. The course operated from the 1890s until the late 1960s.
Early stages
The first meeting was held in April 1898.
The racecourse complex included stables, grandstand, mounting yard and racing track.
Patrick (Lucky) Connolly brought a controlling interest in the racecourse in the pre world war one era, and maintained an interest for over 30 years.
First world war
The Helena Vale railway branch which started in the vicinity of Bellevue railway station was utilised to move troops from Blackboy Hill in the first world war.
The racecourse was across the road to the Darling Range Hotel where the proprietor in the early stage advertised the capacity to hold horses in their hotel grounds
The railway branch was used to store ambulance train rolling stock in the second world war.
Later years
Racing at Helena Vale stopped in 1969.
The current development over the land that was the racecourse property was being investigated in the 1970s.
The suburb of Midvale was named for its location between the racecourse and Midland. The suburb later encompassed the area formerly occupied by the racecourse.
References
Defunct horse racing venues in Australia
Sports venues in Perth, Western Australia
Shire of Mundaring
1898 establishments in Australia
1969 disestablishments in Australia
Xiangtang (; ) is a town located to the south of Nanchang, the capital of China's Jiangxi province, under the administration of Nanchang County It is the most populous town in the province with the population more than 150,000 as of the 2010 census. The town was established from a village, which is still remaining near the present center of the town, during the Qing Dynasty. The village experienced fast growth when the main part of the Zhejiang–Jiangxi Railway was completed in 1935. Nowadays, Xiangtang has two main rail stations: Xiangtang West Station as the second largest freight yard in China and Xiangtang Station as a level-1 passenger station nationwide. It is the location of Nanchang Xiangtang Airport, Nanchang's main civil airport (dual-use military/civil) before Nanchang Changbei International Airport went into operation on September 10, 1999.
There are 33 government-owned institutions and about 4000 researchers and technicians working here. In 1999, Xiangtang became a provincial level development zone and boosted the medical, chemical, clothing, material industry and education.
Geography
It is from the city proper of Nanchang. The elevation of Xiangtang is 27m above the sea. Gan River, the main river in the province and a tributary of Yangtze River, is just away. The area of the town is .
History
The earliest remnants of human habitation in Xiangtang are found in the Majin Remnants near the village of Shatan. Stone tools from the remnants date to 50,000 to 20,000 years ago. Xiangtang area as a part of Nanchang was founded in 201 BC during the early Han dynasty. The village which the town was named after was settled in Qing Dynasty. In 1935, a rail station was built near Xiangtang village and since then the present town was formed.
Demographics
Xiangtang has an approximate population of 150,000 people and the central area consists of 80,000 people. Majority of residents belong to the Han Chinese. Other people from ethnic minorities such as Uyghur are also living and doing business there. Xiangtang also consists of a large population of students and military forces from other places. Though most of them are expected to leave after 3 or 4 years, they are still considered as residents and play an important role in the social and economic aspects. Moreover, they are a significant part of the young people in the town and some of them even stay when they graduate or are demobilized.
Administration
Xiangtang is divided into 10 resident committees and 19 villages. The 10 resident committees are: Zhenjie, Dongfeng rd, Tongzhan rd, Jiefang rd, W.Minzhu rd, E.Minzhu rd, Tuanjie rd, Tielu Xincun, Xinjie, and Shucai. The 19 villages are Tangsu, Huangshan, Hetou, Huangtang, Liangxi, Huangxi, Xiluo, Jiaxi, Xincun, Gufang, Gaotian, Jianxia, Hehuoqi, Dingfang, Xiangtang, Nandian, Jingshan, Shatan, and Shanbei.
Culture
Many communities have their own festivals to thank the guard and bless of their ancestors or pray for good fortune such as Qiqiao festival in Gong's and Fu's communities in Gaotian village, summer festival in Gong's community in Linan, and September 1 festival in Fu's community in Shuxi. The most renowned one is the Denggun festival () in Deng's community in Huangtang village. They celebrate the day of the settlement on Jan 12th of Chinese lunar calendar each year. The festival has more than 220 years history and can be dated to Qianlong era in Qing Dynasty. On that day, all people from Deng's family will go back to their ancestors' houses and erect a 36m long wooden rod using fish forks in the center of the village. On the top of the rod, a lantern will be hanged up. The big image of family tree will be displayed and the celebration will last for three days. It becomes a town-wide festival and there are a lot of people from Nanchang attending to it.
Pottery is a local artwork in Nandian village. People make fine pottery by hand and the skills are inherited through generations. Another local product is tea can in Jingshan village.
Every two years a peasant' sport games is held and a town-wide sport games is held every four years. Military forces and civilians have joint parties on the Army's day and spring festival. The traditional entertainments such as lunar comedy, dragon lantern, stilts, myth cosplay are performed in public.
Local special food
Dingfang Red-cooked Chicken ()
Dingfang Rice Wine ()
Xia'an Red-cooked Grey Mullets ()
Jingshan Bean-Rice Cakes and Fried Rice Pancakes ()
Xincun Rice Noddles ()
Gufang Noddles ()
Xiangtang Organic Chicken Soup ()
Nandian Lotus Roots ()
Historical sites
Liangxi Qianfang Remnants ()
Shatan Majin Remnants ()
Tianxian Temple WWII Massacre Memorial ()
Hewan Well WWII Massacre Memorial ()
Accent
Nanchang dialect is the general name of the regional speech in Nanchang and its nearby area. It is also an example of Gan, which is spoken in most part of Jiangxi and some parts of surrounding provinces. Though it is located near the city of Nanchang, the Xiangtang area has a slightly different speech pattern called the Xiangtang Tuhua(). The different pattern was formed because in the old days people usually didn't move out their own villages unless women married to other people in neighbor villages.
The traditional Xiangtang Tuhua has five phonemic tones like Nanchang dialect, however, it emphasizes more often and heavier on the words. Because of this, Xiangtang Tuhua sounds louder and harder. There are also a number of words and expressions only found in Xiangtang Tuhua.
Transportation
Xiangtang is served by Nanchang Railways, which uses Xiangtang Station as the passenger station and Xiangtang West station as the freight station. The railways provide connection to almost all major cities in the country. Beijing-Kowloon Railway, Shanghai-Kunming Railway and Xiangtang-Putian Railway run across the town.
Xiangtang's public bus lines 236 and 239 to Nanchang are the main bus routes. It takes about 2 hours on regular route or less than 40 minutes using fast route to travel between Xiangtang and Nanchang.
Three national routes: G316, G320, G105 and Wen-hou highway pass by Xiangtang.
Nanchang Xiangtang Airport, now a military airport, is located in Xiangtang. It formerly served as Nanchang's main civil airport until all commercial flights were moved to Nanchang Changbei International Airport in 1999.
Economy
Xiangtang Provincial level development zone
In 1999, Xiangtang became a provincial level development zone. Agricultural production in Xiangtang is traditional part of its economy. The yield of grain was 57,776 tons in 2004. The yield of vegetable in 2004 is 87,570 tons. The Huiren Medical Company has its headquarters and one of the factories in Xiangtang with more than 1000 local employees. Nike has a clothing factory near the Jiangxi Clothing Institute. Town government has introduced 32 projects and 2.63 billion RMB fund to improve the industrial structure. Many of its industry revolves around clothing, manufacturing, metallurgy, textile, chemical engineering, traditional Chinese medicine, pharmaceuticals and others.
In 2007, Xiangtang together with other towns in Nanchang County was awarded "National top 100 Counties".The GDP of Xiangtang in 2008 was 7.2 billion RMB (1.06 billion USD). The total financial revenue was 100 million RMB.
Now Xiangtang is growing as one of the main freight hubs in Jiangxi province while taking advantage of the convenience of transportation.
Education
Jiangxi Clothing Institute
Jiangxi Technology Institute
Rail Nursing School
References
External links
Nanchang Government website
touristinformation Nanchang
Township-level divisions of Jiangxi
Louisiana's 2007 state elections were held on October 20, 2007, with runoff elections held on November 17. All statewide elected offices were up, as well as all seats in the Louisiana State Legislature.
Republicans were successful in electing the country's first Indian-American governor, Congressman Bobby Jindal. The issue of the state's response to Hurricane Katrina played a large part in the decision of incumbent governor Kathleen Blanco to retire rather than seek a second term in office. Term limits also effected many retirements in the state legislature, which proved to be a benefit to Republicans, who made gains in both houses.
Governor
Bobby Jindal avoided a runoff by getting a majority in the Jungle Primary with 54%, over a number of other contenders.
Lieutenant governor
Democratic incumbent Mitch Landrieu had the best showing of any Democrat running statewide, winning 56.6% of the vote. They were opposed by two Republicans, country musician Sammy Kershaw and State Representative Gary Beard, and by two Independents, Norris "Spanky" Gros Jr. and Thomas D. Kates.
Open Primary Results
Attorney general
Incumbent Attorney General Charles Foti was challenged by both a Democrat, James "Buddy" Caldwell, and a Republican, Royal Alexander. Foti placed third in the open primary, leading to a runoff between Caldwell and Alexander, in which Caldwell easily won.
Open Primary Results
Runoff Results
Commissioner of Agriculture and Forestry
Longtime incumbent Democrat Bob Odom faced their toughest re-election campaign ever, winning only 41% of the vote and ending up into a runoff with Republican State Representative Michael G. Strain. Odom withdrew from the runoff, making Strain the winner by default.
Open Primary Results
Commissioner of Insurance
Republican Jim Donelon, who was elected to the Insurance Commissioner post in a 2006 special election, defeated both Democrat Jim Crowley and Republicans Robert Lansden and Jerilyn Schneider-Kneale to win a full term.
Open Primary Results
Secretary of State
Republican incumbent Jay Dardenne, after winning a special election in 2006, easily defeated Democrat R. Wooley and Libertarian Scott A. Lewis III to win a full term.
Open Primary Results
State Treasurer
Incumbent John Neely Kennedy, a Democrat who switched to the Republican party in 2007, was re-elected unopposed.
State legislature
Louisiana Senate
In the open primary election, Democrats won a total of 22 seats, including both seats won outright and runoffs between two Democrats. Republicans won 12 seats outright with one runoff. In the runoff elections between a Democrat and a Republican, each party won two seats, making the post-election composition of the Senate 24 Democrats and 15 Republicans. Following the elections, Democratic State Sen. Robert Adley switched to the Republican party, making the Senate 23 Democrats and 16 Republicans .
House of Representatives
In the open primary, Democrats won a guaranteed 45 seats: 34 outright, with 11 runoffs between two Democrats. Republicans won a guaranteed 42 seats: 30 outright, with 12 runoffs between two Republicans. One independent was also elected. The remaining 17 seats went to runoffs, including 16 between a Democrat and a Republican and one between a Democrat and an Independent. Democrats and Republicans each won eight of these seats, with the last going to an Independent, giving the Democrats a slim 53 to 50, with two Independents, majority in the House of Representatives.
External links
Election Results
Louisiana
Erica Renee Thomas (born August 12, 1987) is an American politician and youth leader. Thomas is the Georgia State Representative of District 39.  They are also the founder of Speak Out Loud, a local nonprofit dedicated to giving a voice to foster children. They were recognized by the Georgia Center for Nonprofits (GCN), as a Nonprofit Leader and given the 30 under 30 Awards for 2016.
Early life and education
Thomas was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina, and they grew up in Knoxville, Tennessee. They studied at Carter High School, Cocke County High School, and Oakwood University.
Career
Legislative service
Thomas first gained experience with the General Assembly serving as Legislative Aide to the previous representative from House District 39, they ran for the same office and won in 2014 when their predecessor went ahead to seek a higher office.  They are currently serving their second term in office.  They are currently serving on the Retirement, Budget and Fiscal Policy, Juvenile Justice and Science and Technology Committees.
In 2015, Thomas was a guest speaker at the Black Business Empowerment Convention of Georgia.
International development leadership and non-profit work
Thomas runs Speak Out Loud, a local nonprofit they founded that is dedicated to providing a voice to foster children. The organization has expanded across the country and has chapters in Nigeria. They have also worked to establish libraries in various locations in Africa.
Personal life
Incident at Publix
On July 19, 2019, Thomas alleged a man, Eric Sparkes, "degraded and berated" them while they were in line in a Publix. They stated that Sparkes told them to go back where they came from, a reference to a controversial and allegedly racist tweet by President Donald Trump. Thomas said that they feared for their life and later contacted police requesting the man be charged. Upon completion of their investigation, the Cobb County police announced no charges would be filed. A Publix employee told a Cobb County officer that they witnessed part of the conversation and heard Thomas “continuously tell Eric Sparkes to ‘Go back where you came from!'” but did not hear Sparkes utter those words to Thomas.
Sparkes, who said they are a Democrat and identifies as Cuban-American, denied making a racist comment. They stated that they were instead annoyed with Thomas for bringing too many groceries into the express checkout line. In a subsequent interview, Thomas said, "I don't know if they said 'go back,' or those types of words ... I don't know if they said 'go back to your country' or 'go back to where you came from,' but they were making those types of references is what I remember."
Awards and honors
2013 Ambassador of Peace Award
100 Black Men of America's Image Award
Atlanta Leading Ladies
National Action Network Action and Authority award
References
1987 births
Living people
Politicians from Fayetteville, North Carolina
Women state legislators in Georgia (U.S. state)
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) Democrats
American women company founders
American company founders
American nonprofit chief executives
African-American state legislators in Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American women in politics
Oakwood University alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Roberto Terracini (6 January 1900 – 15 July 1976) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1900 births
1976 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Turin
Martin Schottenloher is a German mathematician.
Life
They were born on July 25, 1944 in Lindau, Germany.
They specialize in algorithms, artificial intelligence and complex analysis.
Career
They completed their Dr. rer. nat. degree at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1972. Their doctoral supervisors were Walter Roelcke and Karl Stein. They received their habilitation in 1975, also from the University of Munich.
At the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, they have supervised the doctoral dissertations of more than a dozen students:
Bibliography
Some of their books and papers are:
A Mathematical Introduction To Conformal Field Theory
Challenges Between Competition and Collaboration: The Future of the European Manufacturing Industry
Basic Bundle Theory and K-Cohomology Invariants
Geometrie Und Symmetrie In Der Physik. Leitmotiv Der Mathematischen Physik
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century German mathematicians
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
21st-century German mathematicians
A weather map, also known as synoptic weather chart, displays various meteorological features across a particular area at a particular point in time and has various symbols which all have specific meanings. Such maps have been in use since the mid-19th century and are used for research and weather forecasting purposes. Maps using isotherms show temperature gradients, which can help locate weather fronts. Isotach maps, analyzing lines of equal wind speed, on a constant pressure surface of 300 or 250 hPa show where the jet stream is located. Use of constant pressure charts at the 700 and 500 hPa level can indicate tropical cyclone motion. Two-dimensional streamlines based on wind speeds at various levels show areas of convergence and divergence in the wind field, which are helpful in determining the location of features within the wind pattern. A popular type of surface weather map is the surface weather analysis, which plots isobars to depict areas of high pressure and low pressure. Cloud codes are translated into symbols and plotted on these maps along with other meteorological data that are included in synoptic reports sent by professionally trained observers.
History
The use of weather charts in a modern sense began in the middle portion of the 19th century in order to devise a theory on storm systems. During the Crimean War a storm devastated the French fleet at Balaklava, and the French scientist Urbain Le Verrier was able to show that if a chronological map of the storm had been issued, the path it would take could have been predicted and avoided by the fleet.
In England, the scientist Francis Galton heard of this work, as well as the pioneering weather forecasts of Robert Fitzroy. After gathering information from weather stations across the country for the month of October 1861, they plotted the data on a map using their own system of symbols, thereby creating the world's first weather map. They used their map to prove that air circulated clockwise around areas of high pressure; they coined the term 'anticyclone' to describe the phenomenon. They were also instrumental in publishing the first weather map in a newspaper, for which they modified the pantograph (an instrument for copying drawings) to inscribe the map onto printing blocks. The Times began printing weather maps using these methods with data from the Meteorological Office.
The introduction of country-wide weather maps required the existence of national telegraph networks so that data from across the country could be gathered in real time and remain relevant for all analysis. The first such use of the telegraph for gathering data on the weather was the Manchester Examiner newspaper in 1847:
It was also important for time to be standardized across time zones so that the information on the map should accurately represent the weather at a given time. A standardized time system was first used to coordinate the British railway network in 1847, with the inauguration of Greenwich Mean Time.
In the US, The Smithsonian Institution developed its network of observers over much of the central and eastern United States between the 1840s and 1860s once Joseph Henry took the helm. The U.S. Army Signal Corps inherited this network between 1870 and 1874 by an act of Congress, and expanded it to the west coast soon afterwards. At first, not all the data on the map was used due to a lack of time standardization. The United States fully adopted time zones in 1905, when Detroit finally established standard time.
20th century
The use of frontal zones on weather maps began in the 1910s in Norway. Polar front theory is attributed to Jacob Bjerknes, derived from a coastal network of observation sites in Norway during World War I. This theory proposed that the main inflow into a cyclone was concentrated along two lines of convergence, one ahead of the low and another trailing behind the low. The convergence line ahead of the low became known as either the steering line or the warm front. The trailing convergence zone was referred to as the squall line or cold front. Areas of clouds and rainfall appeared to be focused along these convergence zones. The concept of frontal zones led to the concept of air masses. The nature of the three-dimensional structure of the cyclone would wait for the development of the upper air network during the 1940s. Since the leading edge of air mass changes bore resemblance to the military fronts of World War I, the term "front" came into use to represent these lines.
The United States began to formally analyze fronts on surface analyses in late 1942, when the WBAN Analysis Center opened in downtown Washington, D.C.
In addition to surface weather maps, weather agencies began to generate constant pressure charts. In 1948, the United States began the Daily Weather Map series, which at first analyzed the 700 hPa level, which is around above sea level. By May 14, 1954, the 500 hPa surface was being analyzed, which is about above sea level. The effort to automate map plotting began in the United States in 1969, with the process complete in the 1970s. A similar initiative was started in India by Indian Meteorological Department in 1969. Hong Kong completed their process of automated surface plotting by 1987.
By 1999, computer systems and software had finally become sophisticated enough to allow for the ability to underlay on the same workstation satellite imagery, radar imagery, and model-derived fields such as atmospheric thickness and frontogenesis in combination with surface observations to make for the best possible surface analysis. In the United States, this development was achieved when Intergraph workstations were replaced by n-AWIPS workstations. By 2001, the various surface analyses done within the National Weather Service were combined into the Unified Surface Analysis, which is issued every six hours and combines the analyses of four different centers. Recent advances in both the fields of meteorology and geographic information systems have made it possible to devise finely tailored products that take us from the traditional weather map into an entirely new realm. Weather information can quickly be matched to relevant geographical detail. For instance, icing conditions can be mapped onto the road network. This will likely continue to lead to changes in the way surface analyses are created and displayed over the next several years.
Plotting of data
A station model is a symbolic illustration showing the weather occurring at a given reporting station. Meteorologists created the station model to plot a number of weather elements in a small space on weather maps. Maps filled with dense station-model plots can be difficult to read, but they allow meteorologists, pilots, and mariners to see important weather patterns. A computer draws a station model for each observation location. The station model is primarily used on surface-weather maps, but can also be used to show the weather aloft. A completed station-model map allows users to analyze patterns in air pressure, temperature, wind, cloud cover, and precipitation.
Station model plots use an internationally accepted coding convention that has changed little since August 1, 1941. Elements in the plot show the key weather elements, including temperature, dewpoint, wind, cloud cover, air pressure, pressure tendency, and precipitation. Winds have a standard notation when plotted on weather maps. More than a century ago, winds were plotted as arrows, with feathers on just one side depicting five knots of wind, while feathers on both sides depicted of wind. The notation changed to that of half of an arrow, with half of a wind barb indicating five knots, a full barb ten knots, and a pennant flag fifty knots.
Because of the structure of the SYNOP code, a maximum of three cloud symbols can be plotted for each reporting station that appears on the weather map. All cloud types are coded and transmitted by trained observers then plotted on maps as low, middle, or high-étage using special symbols for each major cloud type. Any cloud type with significant vertical extent that can occupy more than one étage is coded as low (cumulus and cumulonimbus) or middle (nimbostratus) depending on the altitude level or étage where it normally initially forms aside from any vertical growth that takes place. The symbol used on the map for each of these étages at a particular observation time is for the genus, species, variety, mutation, or cloud motion that is considered most important according to criteria set out by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO). If these elements for any étage at the time of observation are deemed to be of equal importance, then the type which is predominant in amount is coded by the observer and plotted on the weather map using the appropriate symbol. Special weather maps in aviation show areas of icing and turbulence.
Types
Aviation maps
Aviation interests have their own set of weather maps. One type of map shows where VFR (visual flight rules) are in effect and where IFR (instrument flight rules) are in effect. Weather depiction plots show ceiling height (level where at least half the sky is covered with clouds) in hundreds of feet, present weather, and cloud cover. Icing maps depict areas where icing can be a hazard for flying. Aviation-related maps also show areas of turbulence.
Constant pressure charts
Constant pressure charts normally contain plotted values of temperature, humidity, wind, and the vertical height above sea level of the pressure surface. They have a variety of uses. In the mountainous terrain of the western United States and Mexican Plateau, the 850 hPa pressure surface can be a more realistic depiction of the weather pattern than a standard surface analysis. Using the 850 and 700 hPa pressure surfaces, one can determine when and where warm advection (coincident with upward vertical motion) and cold advection (coincident with downward vertical motion) is occurring within the lower portions of the troposphere. Areas with small dewpoint depressions and are below freezing indicate the presence of icing conditions for aircraft. The 500 hPa pressure surface can be used as a rough guide for the motion of many tropical cyclones. Shallower tropical cyclones, which have experienced vertical wind shear, tend to be steered by winds at the 700 hPa level.
Use of the 300 and 200 hPa constant pressure charts can indicate the strength of systems in the lower troposphere, as stronger systems near the Earth's surface are reflected as stronger features at these levels of the atmosphere. Isotachs are drawn at these levels, which a line of equal wind speed. They are helpful in finding maxima and minima in the wind pattern. Minima in the wind pattern aloft are favorable for tropical cyclogenesis. Maxima in the wind pattern at various levels of the atmosphere show locations of jet streams. Areas colder than indicate a lack of significant icing, as long as there is no active thunderstorm activity.
Surface weather analysis
A surface weather analysis is a type of weather map that depicts positions for high and low-pressure areas, as well as various types of synoptic scale systems such as frontal zones. Isotherms can be drawn on these maps, which are lines of equal temperature. Isotherms are drawn normally as solid lines at a preferred temperature interval. They show temperature gradients, which can be useful in finding fronts, which are on the warm side of large temperature gradients. By plotting the freezing line, isotherms can be useful in determination of precipitation type. Mesoscale boundaries such as tropical cyclones, outflow boundaries and squall lines also are analyzed on surface weather analyses.
Isobaric analysis is performed on these maps, which involves the construction of lines of equal mean sea level pressure. The innermost closed lines indicate the positions of relative maxima and minima in the pressure field. The minima are called low-pressure areas while the maxima are called high-pressure areas. Highs are often shown as H's whereas lows are shown as L's. Elongated areas of low pressure, or troughs, are sometimes plotted as thick, brown dashed lines down the trough axis. Isobars are commonly used to place surface boundaries from the horse latitudes poleward, while streamline analyses are used in the tropics. A streamline analysis is a series of arrows oriented parallel to wind, showing wind motion within a certain geographic area. "C"s depict cyclonic flow or likely areas of low pressure, while "A"s depict anticyclonic flow or likely positions of high-pressure areas. An area of confluent streamlines shows the location of shearlines within the tropics and subtropics.
See also
Isobar
Prognostic chart
Surface weather analysis
References
Map types
Synoptic meteorology and weather
Weather prediction
British inventions
Jason Crookes (born ) is an English rugby league footballer who plays as a or er for the Sheffield Eagles in the Betfred Championship.
Background
Crookes was born in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England.
Bradford
Crookes played junior rugby for Newsome in Huddersfield before signing for the Bradford Bulls in 2007. They were loaned out to Widnes Vikings for the 2008 season.
2009 season
Crookes made their Super League début against Hull in Round 5. Their next appearance would be the win over local rivals Leeds Rhinos where they were on the subs bench and their final game in 2009 they again started at Centre against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
2010 season
Crookes appeared in all four pre-season friendlies.
Crookes first game of 2010 was against Wigan Warriors in place of the injured Rikki Sheriffe. They also played against Crusaders in the Magic Weekend. Their next league appearance would be in Round 25 (St. Helens) then in Round 26 against Wakefield Trinity. They also played in the Challenge Cup tie against the Dewsbury Rams. At the end of the season Jason Crookes signed a new 2-year contract to stay with the Bradford Bulls.
2011 season
Crookes featured in three of the four pre-season games. They played against Halifax, Dewsbury and Keighley. Jason scored a try against Halifax. They were then sent on dual-registration with Championship side Sheffield Eagles.
Crookes appeared in six consecutive games from Round 15 (Salford City Reds) to Round 20 (Catalans Dragons). They hs not featured in any more league or cup games.
2012 season
Crookes featured in three of the four pre-season friendlies. They played against Castleford Tigers, Dewsbury and Hull. Jason scored a try against Castleford and another against Hull.
Jason featured in nine consecutive games from Round 1 (Catalans Dragons) to Round 9 (Hull). They were injured from Round 10–22 and Round 4–5 in the Challenge Cup. They featured in Round 24 (Hull Kingston Rovers) to Round 27 (Catalans Dragons). Crookes scored against Wigan (1 try), Warrington Wolves (1 try), Hull Kingston Rovers (4 tries) and Hull (1 try).
Hull
On 19 September, Hull FC announced they had signed Crookes on a three-year deal.
2013 season
Crookes featured in three consecutive games from Round 1 (Leeds) to Round 3 (St Helens). Jason was injured from Round 4 to Round 7. Crookes featured in Round 8 (London Broncos). Jason played in Round 10 (Wakefield Trinity) and then again in Round 12 (Salford). They did not feature again until Round 18 (Catalans Dragons) to Round 19 (Castleford). Jason's next game was Round 25 (Salford) to Round 27 (St Helens). Jason featured in the playoffs against Catalans Dragons and Huddersfield Giants. Crookes also featured in the Challenge Cup against North Wales Crusaders, and in the Final against Wigan. They scored against the Bradford Bulls (1 try), St. Helens (1 try) and Wigan (3 tries).
2014 season
Crookes featured in Round 11 (Wakefield Trinity) to Round 13 (Hull Kingston Rovers). They were released from the final year of their contract at the end of the season.
Statistics
References
1990 births
Living people
Batley Bulldogs players
Bradford Bulls players
Dewsbury Rams players
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Hull F.C. players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Huddersfield
Rugby league wingers
Sheffield Eagles players
Widnes Vikings players
York City Knights players
Debut Live is a live album by Icelandic singer Björk. While featuring live versions of songs from Debut, the album does not feature the songs as performed during the Debut Tour from 1993–1994. Instead the majority of the CD comes from an acoustic performance of Debut on the MTV Unplugged television program. Originally released in the 5 disc Live Box set in 2003, Debut Live was later released separately on 1 June 2004 by One Little Indian records.
Background
Björk was unhappy with the Debut Tour, their first solo concert series after leaving the Sugarcubes. As they explained in the documentary Minuscule, "I did auditions and hired session people and everybody did what they were told. We rehearsed very well and the first show was like that and all the other shows were like that. So it was very nailed down. And I made a promise through that tour that I would never do that again… because most of all if I had told everybody what to do and how to do it I walk on stage and I'm bored stiff." In 2002 when they began combing their archive of live material to be released the following year, they settled on a special performance of Debut for MTV's iconic Unplugged series of concerts. This show was performed a month after the Debut Tour concluded in late 1994 and features wildly different instrumentation and interpretations of the Debut songs.
Several artists joined Björk onstage, including Talvin Singh on tabla, Corky Hale on harp, Oliver Lake, the South Bank Gamelan Orchestra, and two artists who would become frequent collaborators: Guy Sigsworth and Leila Arab. Another collaboration would soon prove fruitful, that with deaf Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie. They and Björk went on to record a session together but only two of the songs have been released: "My Spine" (found on Björk's Post remix album Telegram in 1996) and "Oxygen" (found on Glennie's greatest hits album released in 1997).
The concert was held on 7 November 1994 in London. The set list included all of the songs from Debut except "There's More to Life Than This". Debut era B-sides "Atlantic" and "Play Dead", regulars on the Debut Tour set lists, were not performed. Many of the songs were taken multiple times to perfect them for the TV broadcast, and the night was capped with a cover of Rodgers and Hart's "My Funny Valentine", a song Björk has never recorded in studio.
Björk's MTV Unplugged concert was released on DVD as part of the collection MTV Unplugged / Live on 9 February 2002.
Most of the tracks from Debut Live are taken from the MTV Unplugged show. For reasons unknown, Björk replaced the MTV show's performance of "Venus as a Boy" with their 1995 performance of the song at Later with Jools Holland. Them performance of "My Funny Valentine" has never been released, nor has the MTV Unplugged version of "Venus as a Boy". Six songs from MTV Unplugged had previously been featured in a special promotional CD called Celebrating Wood and Metal. It was a free gift to the first 20,000 members of the official Björk fan club in 1997. The two CDs contain noticeably different mixes, particularly the audience applause which is nearly absent from the earlier promotional CD.
Debut Live was originally released as part of Live Box in 2003, a collection of Björk's first four live albums, in a period where Björk was releasing several compilations and side projects on CD and DVD. The collection was met with mixed reception; while critics praised Björk's performances and reinventions of their material, many felt the seemingly endless number of releases were simply a way to milk money from die-hard fans. A stand-alone Debut Live CD was released on 1 June 2004, months before Björk's fifth studio album Medúlla.
Reception
AllMusic called it "a must for Björk fans" and commented that the eclectic group of instruments, "allow Björk's voice to masterfully guide the songs." Pitchfork was slightly more critical. While praising both Björk and their multi-cultural musicians, contributor Scott Plagenhoef felt that these stripped down versions of the Debut songs felt "muted" and that the singer let the new arrangements take center stage over their own performance.
Track listing
All songs taken from Björk's MTV Unplugged concert from 7 November 1994 except where noted.
References
2004 live albums
Björk albums
One Little Independent Records albums
Albums produced by Björk
MTV Unplugged albums
The 1976 Wightman Cup was the 48th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre in London in England in the United Kingdom.
References
1976
1976 in tennis
1976 in women's tennis
1976 in American tennis
1976 in English women's sport
1976 sports events in London
1976 in English tennis
Björk Guðmundsdóttir & tríó Guðmundar Ingólfssonar was an Icelandic jazz music band. The band formed in 1990 when singer and songwriter Björk, who at the time sang for The Sugarcubes, joined the tríó Guðmundar Ingólfssonar with pianist Guðmundur Ingólfsson, drummer Guðmundur "Pappa Jazz" Steingrímsson, and bassist Þórður Högnason.
History
According to one version of events, Björk and Guðmundur Ingólfsson developed a friendship after playing together in 1987 at Hótel Borg in Reykjavík. Another story says that Björk's appearances on a local jazz radio program called Góðravinafundur made an impression on Guðmundur Steingrímsson, and that she, at the age of 16, would hang around their recording sessions at Labbi Þórarinsson's farm Glora.
The group's only album, Gling-Gló (1990), went platinum in Iceland. It was distributed by Bad Taste in Iceland and One Little Indian in the U.K. In 1991 pianist Guðmundur Ingólfsson died of cancer and the group disbanded.
The album contains Icelandic songs and a few jazz songs. Bjork sang in English on two songs: "Ruby Baby" and "I Can't Help Loving That Man". and in Icelandic on "Það sést ekki sætari mey" (English: "There Is No Sweeter Girl"), which is incorrectly cited in the liner notes as having been written by Rodgers and Hammerstein. The song is a cover version of "You Can't Get a Man with a Gun" by Irving Berlin from the musical Annie Get Your Gun. The Icelandic songs were recorded live at Studio Syrland in Reykjavík. The two English songs were recorded on August 23, 1990 at Ríkisútvarpið (the Icelandic National Broadcasting Service).
Members
Björk Guðmundsdóttir – vocals, harmonica
Guðmundur Ingólfsson – piano, tambourine
Þórður Högnason – bass
Guðmundur "Pappa Jazz" Steingrímsson – drums, maracas, Christmas bells
Discography
Gling-Gló (1990)
References
Björk
Icelandic jazz ensembles
Bebop ensembles
Musical groups from Reykjavík
Beltone Studios was a recording studio at 1650 Broadway, Manhattan, New York City. Miles Davis's album Miles Davis and Horns was partly recorded here in 1953, and The Crows 1954 hit "Gee" was also recorded here, the same year. In 1960, it established Beltone Records.
References
Recording studios in Manhattan
Broadway (Manhattan)
Burnhill Junction railway station served the village of Waskerley, County Durham, England, from 1859 to 1939 on the Stanhope and Tyne Railway.
History
The station opened as Burn Hill Junction on 4 July 1859 by the North Eastern Railway. It was situated 200 yards north of Burnhill Junction (a military use only station). Its name was changed to Burn Hill on 1 May 1893 and changed to Burnhill in 1908. There were no platforms at the station. It closed to passengers and goods traffic on 1 May 1939.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in County Durham
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1859
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1939
1859 establishments in England
1939 disestablishments in England
Lanchester, County Durham
Ben Naparstek (born 1986) is an Australian digital media executive and former journalist.
Career
After graduating with degrees in Arts & Law (Hons) from the University of Melbourne, they were awarded an Owen Fellowship to study at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, where they co-edited The Jacqueline Rose Reader (Duke University Press).
Naparstek was editor of the current affairs magazine The Monthly from May 2009 until February 2012.
From February 2012 until August 2015, they edited Good Weekend, which is inserted weekly in The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age. They then moved to Special Broadcasting Service, where for two years they were head of editorial, online and emerging platforms. In May 2017, Naparstek was recruited by PR firm Edelman Australia as their content and digital director. They also sit on the board of Yourtown, an Australian not-for-profit organisation to help disadvantaged young people.
In 2014 they were awarded a Churchill Fellowship to study new funding models for public service journalism.
In Conversation
A collection of their magazine profiles, written while freelancing for publications such as The Financial Times Magazine as an undergraduate student, was published by Scribe in 2009 as In Conversation and translated into Mandarin and Portuguese.
The Sydney Morning Herald described the book as “exceptional”, noting “he has a finely honed ability to write a profile” and is "a very fine colour feature writer”. The Age wrote that “his profiles are as impressive as their subjects – erudite but never obscure or showy”. The Spectator described Naparstek's profiles as “wide-ranging, the writing fluent and imaginative” while the Australian Book Review noted “Naparstek's prose is crisp, relaxed and unflashily learned".
Audio Executive Producer
As Head of Content for Audible Australia and New Zealand (2018-2021), Naparstek executive-produced 50+ narrative podcasts such as The Maker Upperers with Taika Waititi's Piki Films, When A Good Man Kills with David Farrier, How To Be Gay with Josh Thomas, Rogue Son with Nazeem Hussain, John Safran vs The Occult, and fiction podcasts including The Orchard starring Eric Bana (winning the Banff Rockie Award for best fiction podcast), Slushy created by Kate McLennan and Kate McCartney and Winding Road starring Dacre Montgomery and Yael Stone.
It Burns: The Scandal-Plagued Race to Breed the World's Hottest Chili with Marc Fennell was nominated for the Rose d'Or and the AIB Awards. It won at the Oscars of food The James Beard Awards and a silver medal at the 2020 New York Festivals Radio Awards. The follow-up Nut Jobs won awards for best podcast at the Mumbrella Publish and Australian Podcast Awards and internationally was nominated for Rose d'Or and IAB awards.
At Audible Naparstek championed amplifying diverse voices, with two podcasts winning the Walkley Award for Media Diversity: No Gangsters in Paradise and The Greatest Menace, an investigation into the world's only 'gay prison', which also won gold at the New York Radio Festivals. In 2019, Naparstek conceived of and launched the inaugural Audible Inspiring Voices Scholarship for Women and led Audible's efforts as the inaugural sponsor of the Jesse Cox Audio Fellowship promoting creators from under-represented communities.
Criticism
In 2013, Naparstek was publicly criticised by John van Tiggelen who became the editor of The Monthly after Naparstek's departure. Van Tiggelen accused Naparstek of underpaying female writers - claims dismissed by Fairfax Media as "absolute nonsense" - and of attempts to poach writers from The Monthly.
In 2015, Naparstek's editorial conduct was publicly criticised by actor Caitlin Stasey. Emails revealed by Stasey showed Naparstek commissioned nude photos of them to accompany an interview about female empowerment they gave to Good Weekend, the publication Naparstek headed at the time. Stasey refused, and consequently had their story canned. Fairfax Media clarified that the story was spiked for editorial reasons and attributed the dispute about the photo shoot to a miscommunication with the photo desk.
References
1986 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Australian magazine editors
Living people
Melignomon is a genus of birds in the family Indicatoridae.
It contains the following species:
Yellow-footed honeyguide (Melignomon eisentrauti)
Zenker's honeyguide (Melignomon zenkeri)
Indicatoridae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gabriel Zaid is a Mexican writer, poet and intellectual.
Early life
They were born in the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León, on January 24, 1934, son of Palestinian immigrants, is a Mexican thinker (poet, essayist, economist, business person, engineer, anarchist, reader, Catholic, liberal, critical of progress that does not produce) difficult to classify due to its wide variety of knowledge and culture.
They have been recognized, mainly, for their critical essays, which cover topics on politics, culture and the economy of Mexico.
 They are considered an independent intellectual, since they publish on their own and in favor of readers. They have never worked for universities, neither for the government nor political parties.
They studied Engineering at the Tecnológico de Monterrey.
They were a member of the Board of Directors of the Vuelta magazine from 1976 to 1992. They have been a member of El Colegio Nacional since September 26, 1984. They have been a member of the Mexican Academy of Language since 1986. They have distinguished themselves for never appearing in public—not even their picture has been taken. This springs from a strongly held opinion that a writer should be known by their work, not their real life personality. Their essays have been very influential on a vast array of topics, most significantly poetry, economics, and criticism of the literary establishment.
Fábula de Narciso y Ariadna (Fable of Narciso and Ariadna) (1958);
Seguimiento (Following) (1964);
Campo nudista (Nudist Camp) (1969);
Lina (1972);
Práctica mortal (Deadly Practice) (1973);
Cuestionario (Questionnaire) (1976);
Canciones de Vidyapati (Songs of Vidyapati) (1978);
Sonetos y canciones (Sonnets and Songs) (1992);
Reloj de sol (Sun Clock) (1995).
Essays on poetry
La poesía, fundamento de la ciudad (Poetry, Foundation of the City) (1963);
La máquina de cantar (The Singing Machine) (1967);
Leer poesía (Reading Poetry) (1972 Xavier Villarrutia Award);
La poesía en la práctica (Poetry in Practice) (1985 Magda Donato Award);
Un amor imposible de López Velarde (An Impossible Love of López Velarde) (1986);
Muerte y resurrección de la cultura católica (Death and Resurrection of Catholic Culture) (1992);
Ensayos sobre poesía (Essays on Poetry) (1993);
Tres poetas católicos (Three Catholic Poets) (1997).
Poetry Anthologies
Ómnibus de poesía mexicana (Omnibus of Mexican Poems) (1971);
Asamblea de poetas jóvenes de México (Assembly of Young Mexican Poets) (1980);
Antología poética de Manuel M. Ponce (Poem Anthology of Manuel M. Ponce) (1980).
Criticism about the Cultural World
Cómo leer en bicicleta (How to Read on a Bicycle) (1975);
Problemas de una cultura matriotera (Problems of a Mother-Idolizing Culture) (1982);
Imprenta y vida pública de Daniel Cosío Villegas (Printing House and Public Life of Daniel Cosío Villegas) (1985);
¿Adivinos o libreros? (Fortune Tellers or Book Store Owners) (1986);
De los libros al poder (From Books to Power) (1988);
Legítima defensa de la exención autoral que hacen numerosos autores mexicanos con buenas razones y ejemplos desde los tiempos prehispánicos (Legitimate Defense of the Author Exemption made by several Mexican Authors with Good Reasons and Examples since Pre-Hispanic Times) (1993).
Los demasiados libros (So Many Books) (1996); English translation 2003 (Paul Dry Books, Philadelphia).
Social criticism
El progreso improductivo (The Improductive Progress) (1979);
La feria del progreso (The Progress Fair) (1982);
La economía presidencial (The Presidential Economy) (1987);
La nueva economía presidencial (The New Presidential Economy) (1994);
Hacen falta empresarios creadores de empresarios (There's a Need of Entrepreneur-creating Entrepreneurs) (1995);
Adiós al PRI (Farewell to the PRI) (1995).
References
1934 births
Living people
Members of El Colegio Nacional (Mexico)
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education alumni
20th-century Mexican poets
Mexican male poets
Writers from Monterrey
Mexican essayists
Male essayists
Members of the Mexican Academy of Language
Mexican columnists
20th-century Mexican male writers
Mexican people of Palestinian descent
Mexican people of Arab descent
Bagrian is a village located in Sangrur District, in Punjab, India which has a significant place in Sikh history. Now Called it by Bagrian Haveli name.
The House of Bagrian owned much of the land and the haveli in the village, where certain important artifacts that belonged to the Sikh Gurus are kept. The Bhai Sahibs of Bagrian also run a langar that serves free food to everyone who goes there. The First Punjabi film Long Da Lishkara (1986) was filmed in this village. After that Tera Mera Ki Rishta (2009), Ekam: Son of Soil (2010), Son of Sardaar (2012), Yamla Pagla Deewana, as well as the serial Ek Veer Ki Ardaas...Veera in 2012.
History
Situated on the Malerkotla-Nabha road, Bagrian lies about 18km southeast of Malerkotla. Though now in Malerkotla Tehsil, it was not a part of the Malerkotla Princely State but was ruled by the British Colonial authorities.
There is a fort at Bagrian, which was built by Khokhar Jat ruler Bhai Guddhar Singh who reportedly moved there in 1765. The village had been given to them by Adina Beg the Governor of Jalandhar city at the time, in appreciation of Bhai Guddar Singh's piety.
The Bhais still run a langar (free kitchen) daily. This tradition of langar was started from the time of Guru Hargobind, the Sixth Sikh Guru. The village also had a wide expanse of green areas.
The Bagrian state is a continuation of a tradition of religious service from the times of Bhai Rup Chand, who was blessed by the Sixth Guru in 1634.
References
Cities and towns in Sangrur district
The Lady of the Assumption Cathedral or simply Banjul Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic church located in Banjul the capital of the African country of the Gambia.
It is located on Hagan Street, on the corner of Picton Street, which is the main street of the city. It is the slightly larger of the two cathedrals in the city (the other belonging to the Anglican Church). The church was built in the colonial era from 1913 to 1916 when Gambia was a British colony. The status of the building change over time first in 1951 was chosen to host the apostolic prefecture and then became a cathedral when the then Bathurst, in 1957 became diocese. Since then, the cathedral has been the seat of the Diocese of Banjul.
On their journey through Senegal, Gambia and Guinea, Pope John Paul II visited the Cathedral on February 23, 1992.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjul
Our Lady of the Assumption
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Gambia
Buildings and structures in Banjul
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1916
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
killall is a command line utility available on Unix-like systems. There are two very different implementations.
The implementation supplied with genuine UNIX System V (including Solaris) and with the Linux sysvinit tools kills all processes that the user is able to kill, potentially shutting down the system if run by root.
The implementation supplied with the FreeBSD (including Mac OS X) and Linux psmisc tools is similar to the pkill and skill commands, killing only the processes specified on the command line.
Both commands operate by sending a signal, like the kill program.
Example usage
Kill all processes named xmms:
killall xmms
See also
List of Unix commands
Signal (computing)
External links
Unix process- and task-management-related software
de:Kill (Unix)#killall
İmrendi, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Anayo Modestus Onyekwere popularly known as Kanayo O. Kanayo (born 1 March 1962) is a Nigerian actor and a lawyer. In 2006, they won the African Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for their performance in the movie Family Battle.
Early life and education
Kanayo was born on 1 March 1962, they are a native of Nru Umueze Oboama Ezinihitte in Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State. They were raised in Aba, Abia State and attended St. Joseph primary school. They had their secondary education at Secondary Technical School, Aba. They obtained a diploma in Mass Communication, a diploma in Law and a graduate degree in philosophy from the University of Lagos. They also obtained a master's degree in political sciences. They also obtained a law degree from the University of Abuja in 2018 and was called to the Nigerian Bar in 2020.
Career
Kanayo started their acting career in 1982, acting in productions by the Nigerian Television Authority. They made their debut movie appearance in the year 1992 in the film Living in Bondage. They have starred in over 100 films and was nominated in 2008 for African Movie Academy Award for Best Actor for their role in the movie Across the Niger.His most recent movies are Up North and Living in Bondage: Breaking Free.
In 2011, they contested for the Chair of Imo State House of Representatives but lost. In 2018, they contested for representative of Ahiazu/Ezinihitte Mbaise in the Federal House Of Representatives under the political party APGA but lost.
They have featured in multiple Nollywood productions including Lion Heart and the sitcom Professor Johnbull, however, they are known for playing the role of a Villain in these productions especially in films relating to occultic practices.
They have received the order of the MFR.
Kanayo was among various Nigerians honored by the government in 2014 during the centenary celebration.
Politics
Kanayo declared their interest on 6 June 2018 to represent the Ahiazu/Ezinihitte Mbaise Federal Constituency of Imo State at the House of Representatives the following election year which was 2019. They made this know to the public, stating they were going to be under the Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). They lost the election but was expected to run the next election year (2023).
Kanayo disclosed in 2022 they were not contesting for any position in politics and said, "I will not contest for any political office in 2023. This sacrifice is to enable me to work for a Nigerian President of Igbo extraction."
Filmography
Films
TV shows
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Nigerian actors
Nigerian Law School
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Male actors from Imo State
Nigerian male film actors
Igbo male actors
Best Actor Africa Movie Academy Award winners
20th-century Nigerian male actors
21st-century Nigerian male actors
Members of the Order of the Niger
Actors from Imo State
University of Lagos alumni
People from Mbaise
Nigerian actor-politicians
University of Abuja alumni
Nigerian male television actors
Lundström Knoll () is a rock knoll rising to about to the northeast of the Chevreul Cliffs in Pioneers Escarpment, Shackleton Range, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy, 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71. The knoll was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with the names of pioneers of polar life and travel grouped in this area, after Johan E. Lundström, the Swedish inventor of the first true "strike-on-box safety match" in 1855.
References
Hills of Coats Land
The KSU Ice Arena is a two-rink ice complex located on the campus of Kent State University in Kent, Ohio, United States. The building contains two ice rinks, one with seating for 1,500 fans that is used for ice hockey and figure skating, with the other used for general skating. The two rinks are connected by a large lobby and snack bar. The facility also includes a meeting room and a skate-sharpening service. The building was built in 1970 and underwent a major renovation project in 2006–2007 which included seating and locker room upgrades in the main arena.
Tenants
The building was built in 1970 for student recreation and as the home first of a club hockey team known as the "Clippers" from 1970–1980 and later for the varsity Kent State Golden Flashes men's ice hockey team, which played there from 1980 through the 1993–94 season when the university eliminated NCAA ice hockey due to budget concerns. From 1992 to 1994 the team was a member of the Central Collegiate Hockey Association (CCHA). Since 1994, the arena has hosted the men's club-level team, which competes in the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) Division I as a member of the College Hockey Mid-America (CHMA). An additional club team that competes in the Division III level of the ACHA as a member of College Hockey East began play in 2019. The ice arena also hosts the Kent Cyclones youth teams as well as four area high school teams: Theodore Roosevelt High School in Kent, Western Reserve Academy and Hudson High School in Hudson, and Stow–Munroe Falls High School in Stow. The arena is also home to the Kent Skating Club, associated with the United States Figure Skating Association. In 2021 the university announced plans to create a facility for the university's marching band there due to a planned loss of facilities elsewhere on campus.
Interior
The main arena, used for ice hockey and figure skating, consists of two sections of bleacher seating, one section along each sideline. The north side bleachers are located behind the team benches and include a small balcony section and press area. The south side bleachers are elevated as to be above the main entry of the arena and were built as part of the 2006 renovations, replacing the original floor-level retractable bleachers. The new seating also includes an elevator for disabled access and allows fans to look right into the penalty boxes for both the home and visiting teams.
See also
Kent State Golden Flashes
References
External links
Kent State Ice Arena
Kent State Ice Hockey
Kent Skating Club
College ice hockey venues in the United States
Kent State Golden Flashes men's ice hockey
Diard's trogon (Harpactes diardii) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Aplodermatinae is the African subfamily consisting of one genus, Apaloderma. The Asian subfamily is Harpactinae and contains two genera, Harpactes and Apalharpactes.
Males are black headed and breasted with a pink breast line. Females are brown headed and breasted with pink under parts.
Diard's trogon eats caterpillars, beetles, stick-insects, locustids and other Orthoptera, and fruits.
The breeding times of Diard's trogon range from February to August: February to mid-May in Malaysia, Mid-May to August in Borneo.
References
Diard's trogon
Birds of Malesia
Diard's trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The primitive node (or primitive knot) is the organizer for gastrulation in most amniote embryos. In birds it is known as Hensen's node, and in amphibians it is known as the Spemann-Mangold organizer. It is induced by the Nieuwkoop center in amphibians, or by the posterior marginal zone in amniotes including birds.
Diversity
In birds the organizer is known as Hensen's node, named after its discoverer Victor Hensen.
In other amniotes it is known as the primitive node.
In amphibians, it is known as the Spemann-Mangold organizer, named after Hans Spemann and Hilde Mangold, who first identified the organizer in 1924.)
In fish it is known as the embryonic shield.
All structures are as yet considered as homologous. This view is substantiated by the common expression of several genes, including goosecoid, Cnot, noggin, nodal, and the sharing of strong axis-inducing properties upon transplantation. Cell fate studies have revealed that also the overall temporal sequence in which groups of endomesodermal cells internalize along the frog blastopore and amniote primitive streak are surprisingly similar: the first cells that involute around the amphibian blastopore lip in the organizer region, and that immigrate through Hensen's node, contribute to foregut endoderm and prechordal plate. Cells involuting further laterally in the blastopore, or entering via Hensen's node and the anterior primitive streak, contribute to gut, notochord and somites. Gastrulation then continues along the ventroposterior blastopore lip and posterior streak region, from where cells contribute to ventral and posterior mesoderm. Adding to this, Brachyury and caudal homologues are expressed circumferentially around the blastopore lips in the frog, and along the primitive streak in chick and mouse. This would suggest that, despite their different morphology, the amniote primitive streak and the amphibian blastopore are homologous structures, that have evolved from one and the same precursor structure by a continuous sequence of morphological modifications.
Development
In chick development, the primitive node starts as a regional knot of cells that forms on the blastodisc immediately anterior to where the outer layer of cells will begin to migrate inwards - an area known as the primitive streak, which is involved with Koller's sickle. When the primitive streak is approaching its full length (almost 2 mm), the tip, now designated Hensen´s node, formas a novel compact assembly of cells. From here cells continue to emigrate and become replaced from the surrounding epiblast. The center of Hensen's node contains a funnel-shaped depression, the primitive pit, where the cells of the epiblast (the upper layer of embryonic cells) initially begin to invaginate. This invagination expands posteriorly into the primitive groove as the cell layers continue to move into the space between the embryonic cells and the yolk. This differentiates the embryo into the three germ layers - endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm. The primitive node migrates posteriorly as gastrulation proceeds, eventually being absorbed into the tail bud.
This leads to a dynamic nature of the node and a non-homogeneous cellular composition, as can be seen from the fate of emigrating cells and from gene expression patterns. The node cells do not express the composition of organizer-inducing factors present in the posterior marginal zone and in the young streak. The node, therefore, represents a new functional quality. The presence of an antidorsalizing activity in the node, the TGF-like factor ADMP, antagonizes further, anterior and lateral, node inductions, thus guaranteeing its unique nature.
Default model
The cells of the primitive node secrete many cellular signals essential for neural differentiation. After gastrulation the developing embryo is divided into ectoderm, mesoderm, and endoderm. The ectoderm gives rise to epithelial and neural tissue, with neural tissue being the default cell fate. Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) suppress neural differentiation and promote epithelial growth. Therefore, the primitive node (the dorsal lip of the blastopore) secretes BMP antagonists, including noggin, chordin, and follistatin. The node gives rise to the prechordal mesoderm, notochord and medial part of the somites.
The first cells to migrate through Hensen's node are those destined to become the pharyngeal endoderm of the foregut. Once deep within the embryo, these endodermal cells migrate anteriorly and eventually displace the hypoblast cells, causing the hypoblast cells to be confined to a region in the anterior portion of the area pellucida. This anterior region, the germinal crescent, does not form any embryonic structures, but it does contain the precursors of the germ cells, which later migrate through the blood vessels to the gonads.
The next cells entering through Hensen's node also move anteriorly, but they do not travel as far ventrally as the presumptive foregut endodermal cells. Rather, they remain between the endoderm and the epiblast to form the prechordal plate mesoderm. Thus, the head of the avian embryo forms anterior (rostral) to Hensen's node. The next cells passing through Hensen's node become the chordamesoderm. The chordamesoderm has two components: the head process and the notochord. The most anterior part, the head process, is formed by central mesoderm cells migrating anteriorly, behind the prechordal plate mesoderm and toward the rostral tip of the embryo. The head process will underlie those cells that will form the forebrain and midbrain. As the primitive streak regresses, the cells deposited by the regressing Hensen's node will become the notochord in a process called neurulation.
Molecular signals
Regional differences in gene expression patterns are observed in the Hensen's node region at the six-somite stage. Shh is strongly expressed in the rostral half of Hensen's node both dorsally and ventrally, future floor plate and notochord cells. In the caudal node, Shh transcripts become progressively less abundant and are located essentially in the most ventral cells, except for endodermal cells.
In contrast, HNF-3b is expressed in the entire mass of cells situated within the median pit and extending about 70 mm posteriorly. Both Shh and HNF-3b transcripts are found in the notochord and the floor plate rostral to the node, and they are completely absent in the lateral and caudal neural plate and the primitive streak. In the node proper, the chordin expression pattern is very similar to that of HNF-3b, but more rostrally, chordin is no longer expressed in the floor plate is predominantly expressed in the ventral part of the node.
Comparison of the expression patterns of these different genes and of the cellular arrangement in the node region leds to the definition of three zones. Anteriorly (zone a), the derivatives of the node that express HNF-3b and Shh (notochord and floor plate) are separated by forming basement membrane but are closely associated. In the area of the median pit (zone b), the future floor plate can be distinguished by a columnar arrangement of its cells. Underneath this forming epithelial layer, the presumptive notochordal cells are randomly and loosely arranged. HNF-3b and Shh are both expressed in this region, which constitutes the bulk of the node. Caudal to the border of the median pit, the cells of the node that express HNF-3b but not Shh (zone c) are closely packed without exhibiting any epithelial arrangement. Interestingly, the HNF-3b- and Ch-Tbx6L-expressing areas, forming respectively the caudal HN and the tip of the primitive streak (TPS), do not overlap.
References
Further reading
External links
Overview at Northwestern University
Animal developmental biology
Marazion Marsh is a Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) reserve situated in a shallow river valley, half a kilometre to the west of Marazion, Cornwall, UK. It is separated from the coast by a shingle bar and small sand dune system and contains Cornwall's largest reed bed.
Geography
Marazion Marsh lies to the west of the town of Marazion and east of Penzance. The marsh is in an embayed estuary and is separated from Mount's Bay by a fossilised sand and gravel barrier which (except in extreme weather conditions) prevents access to the marsh by the sea. A discontinuous and eroded sand dune system is crossed by the main Penzance to Marazion road (formally the A394). The recent deposits sit on Lower Devonian Mylor Slates. The Red River (also known as the Marazion River) drains the Phragmites dominated marsh.
The most significant threat to the marsh at present is the runoff of soil particles in the area near the wetland. Because of this, the marsh's catchment is recognized as a Catchment Sensitive Farming Area, and the UK government works with farmers in the area to help control erosion.
Formation
A series of boreholes have been drilled into the marsh which found up to of unconsolidated sedimentary material over weathered bedrock. Material from the Holocene was found. From these deposits paleoenvironmental information can be examined which include particle sizes, stratigraphy, pollen and diatoms. Evidence from the pollen was used to reconstruct the type of vegetation in the lower organic-rich horizons and samples sent to the Godwin Laboratory, University of Cambridge, for radiocarbon dating. The differing diatom flora show the changes in salinity through time. These deposits enable the reconstruction of the past environment of Marazion Marsh.
Between 5500 years and 4500 years BP there is strong evidence, using palaeoecological evidence for a rising water table, increasing salinity and organic-rich sedimentation within the marsh. The combination of the three suggests an increasing marine influence with the presence of a sedimentary barrier protecting the marsh on the seaward side. The barrier was subject to temporary overwash and/or penetration by seawater, which indicates a rise in sea-level. The main marine transgression phase took place after years BP, with substantial, and what look to be, rapid deposition of marine sediments on top of organic-rich deposits; similar patterns of marine transgression took place in adjacent areas. At the bottom of the sequence (i.e. the oldest sequence) are high frequencies of herbaceous pollen. As you go up through the sequences (i.e. towards the present day) there is increasing tree and shrub pollen. The changes in vegetation indicate increasing site wetness as the lower organic-rich layer accumulates. Later, Phragmites becomes established and the number of tree species decease to leave a mainly alder dominated fen-carr and reed-marsh environment. Above the organic-rich deposits are a sequence of sand-dominated sediments containing some gravel, silt and traces of organic matter.
History
About were successfully drained for agriculture by Dr Richard Moyle, in May 1793 when they had the first drainage pipes laid. Of this of the area was tidal marsh which was between the sandy embankment formed by the sea and the croft. Open trenches were dug across the marsh in June and in one of the drains, at a depth of three feet, was found a pot containing around one thousand copper coins. The corroded coins have been tentatively identified as having been issued by the Emperor Victorinus (reigned 268 to 270 or 271): ″... these coins were much injured by the corrosion of the marine acid, but several were still perfect enough to trace the outlines of the Emperor″.
The Red River (formerly known as the Ponsandean stream) has been “streamed” for tin up to its source at Tregilliowe (SW540329).
In 1951 the marsh was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest for its biological characteristics. Some of the reasons for its designation include providing a feeding ground for passage waders and wintering birds, a breeding pair of the nationally scarce Cetti's warbler (Cettia cetti), rare plants such as pillwort (Pilularia globulifera) and a high number of dragonfly species. The site is owned by the St Aubyn Estates and in 1990 they met with the RSPB to draw up a lease for the management of the site. At that time the reed bed was drying out, with the buildup of dead leaves and stems, and suffering from natural succession into willow scrub. In that year the reed bed was in poor condition with the hot dry summer and emergency measures were taken to flood the site. Within three days a large pool appeared and 154 individuals of 11 species of dragonfly were counted in the next few weeks.
Ecology and natural history
Habitat
Reed beds are one of the rarest habitats in the UK with only fifty greater than 20 ha. Marazion Marsh (16.8 ha) contains the largest reed-bed in Cornwall, the most westerly on mainland Britain and is an important reserve for breeding and over-wintering birds and passage migrants. The reed bed is managed for Eurasian bittern (Botaurus stellaris) and is maintained by cutting the Phragmites australis, removing dead litter and cutting back the invasive species such as willow (Salix cinerea var atrocinerea). The reserve also contains 3 ha of unimproved grassland, open water, woodland, willow scrub.
Notable birds
Up to five bitterns overwinter at the reserve, although the reed-bed is below the minimum size of twenty ha required by this species for breeding. Funding for the management of the reserve has been received from the EU LIFE Programme's Bittern Project (2001-2007).
References
External links
RSPB official site
Marazion Marsh
Marazion Marsh on 1946 OS map
Marazion
Royal Society for the Protection of Birds reserves in England
Nature reserves in Cornwall
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1951
Special Protection Areas in England
The 2008 Men's Australian Hockey League was the 18th edition of the men's field hockey tournament. The tournament was held in Australia's capital city, Canberra.
The WA Thundersticks won the gold medal for the seventh time by defeating the QLD Blades 4–2 in the final.
Competition Format
The tournament comprised a single round-robin format in the preliminary round. At the conclusion of the preliminary round, teams ranked first to fourth progressed to the medal round, while teams ranked fifth to eighth progressed to the classification round.
Teams
Canberra Lakers
Southern Hotshots
NSW Waratahs
Tassie Tigers
NT Stingers
VIC Vikings
QLD Blades
WA Thundersticks
Results
Preliminary round
Fixtures
Classification round
Fifth to eighth place classification
Crossover
Seventh and eighth place
Fifth and sixth place
First to fourth place classification
Semi-finals
Third and fourth place
Final
Awards
Statistics
Final standings
Goalscorers
References
External links
2008
2008 in Australian men's field hockey
Sports competitions in Canberra
Nikolay Ostrovsky's Yekaterinburg children railway (; other names - MSZHD, DSZHD, Sverdlovsk children railway) is a children's railway in the city of Yekaterinburg, Russia.
The track with a gauge of 750 mm (29,5 inches) has so far a length of 2.8 km (1.7 miles). It has four stations. The round trip lasts 27 min.
It was opened for passengers on 9 July 1960.
It has three locomotives (TU7А, TU10 and TU2 type) and several all-metallic Polish passenger wagons «Pafawag».
Yekaterinburg
Tourist attractions in Sverdlovsk Oblast
Albert "Bert" Bachmann (26 November 1929 in Zurich - 12 April 2011 in Ireland) was a Swiss military intelligence officer.
Early life
Bachmann was born in Albisrieden and worked as a printer after leaving school at age 14. As a young man they flirted with communism, joining the youth wing of the PdA. Following the 1948 Communist seizure of power in Czechoslovakia, they changed course and became strongly patriotic. While doing their military service they applied for officer training, and went into military intelligence.
Civil Defence booklet controversy
In 1968, they were the lead author of an official civil defence booklet that was distributed throughout the country which provided instructions on how to respond to invasion, through the character of "Wilhelm Eiferli". Its warning of the danger from collaborationist elements in the Swiss Left made it the subject of national debate. 'Défense civile' has since been translated for distribution in Japan and Egypt; an attempt by Franco's Spain to buy the right to publish the book was rebuffed by the Swiss military. Bachmann was not involved in the subsequent political controversy- they were on an undercover mission in the Republic of Biafra, a small nation struggling for independence from Nigeria.
Return to Switzerland
In 1976, they were promoted to the rank of Colonel, heading up the intelligence and defense subsection of the Federal Military Department. They had control of three clandestine units, Bureau Ha, a foreign intelligence unit, an Extraordinary Intelligence agency, which monitored internal threats, and Special Service D (Spec D), an organization formed to provide the basis of resistance to an occupation. Expanding Spec D, Bachmann formed Projekt-26, a more widely capable unit. They bought the Liss Ard country estate, near Skibbereen in County Cork in Ireland, as a retreat for a Swiss government-in-exile in the event of an invasion.
Schilling incident
In November 1979 Austrian police arrested Kurt Schilling, one of Bachmann's operatives, who was charged with spying on Austrian troops on exercise near Sankt Pölten. As the Austrian government had invited observers from Eastern Europe, it was not clear why they were there. They insisted that they were Swiss and during their trial, they revealed that their mission was to judge how long Austrian forces could last in the case of a Soviet invasion. Due to Schilling's ineptness the judge showed leniency, sentencing them to a five-month suspended sentence and deportation. Die Presse nicknamed them "the spy who came in from the Emmentaler".
In 1979 Bachmann was forced to take early retirement, and an inquiry by politicians exposed many of their contingency plans to the public. The Swiss government sold Liss Ard in the early 1980s, but Bachmann continued to live in the West Cork region following their departure from Switzerland. They reputedly owned a number of properties near Tragumna outside Skibbereen, and ran a riding school in the area for a number of years.
References
1929 births
2011 deaths
Military personnel from Zürich
Swiss military officers
Mount Lymburner () is a mountain, high, standing west-northwest of Mount Weems near the north end of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica. It was discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on their trans-Antarctic flight of November 23, 1935, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for J.H. Lymburner, an assistant pilot on Ellsworth's expedition.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bruce Robertson may refer to:
Bruce Robertson (judge) (born 1944), New Zealand judge
Bruce Robertson (swimmer) (born 1953), Canadian Olympic Games swimmer
Bruce Robertson (rugby union) (born 1952), All Blacks New Zealand rugby player
Bruce Robertson (rower) (born 1962), Canadian rower
Bruce Robertson, anti-hero of the novel Filth by Irvine Welsh
Bruce Robertson, creator of the Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year
Glubokoe (, , ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Glubokoye (). Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
Major-General W.G. Leach CMM, CD, QHP (28 September 1923 – 12 February 2015) was the 26th Canadian Surgeon General.
Born in Chalk River, Ontario, Leach left high school in 1940, to work as a car-checker for the Canadian Pacific Railway Company. In 1942, they enlisted in the RCAF, "and was trained as a pilot." The following year they received their "wings and a commission as a Pilot Officer." In 1945, they married Mabel Kathleen Pudney, and was posted as "a flight instructor at various RCAF flying training stations", under the British Commonwealth Air Training Program.
After the war, Leach went back to high school, and in 1946, enrolled at the University of Western Ontario, rejoined the RCAF and obtained their medical degree in 1952. The following year, they completed post-graduate studies in biophysics, also at the University of Western Ontario.
From 1954 to 1966, Leach "was posted to the RCAF Institute of Aviation Medicine at Toronto, Ontario where they worked" in several departments, including the respiratory physiology section. In 1961, they "was promoted to Wing Commander...and appointed Officer Commanding the Flying Personnel Medical Establishment."
Leach was next posted in 1966, to the staff of the Surgeon General, as a Group Captain and Director of Medical Staffing and Training. In 1969, they attended the National Defence College course in Kingston, Ontario.
In 1970, "he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier-General...and appointed Deputy Surgeon General (Operations)."
Leach was next promoted to Major-General in 1976, and appointed Surgeon General. They remained in that position until 1980 when they retired from the Canadian Forces.
Major-General Leach was awarded several honours such as the Trans-Canada McKee Trophy (in 1960), which they received for their research in high altitude physiology, and they were inducted into Canada's Aviation Hall of Fame (in 1974).
After retiring, Leach "became Associate Registrar of the Medical Council of Canada and then Registrar until retirement in 1987."
Major-General Leach died 12 February 2015 at the age of 92.
References
1923 births
2015 deaths
Royal Canadian Air Force personnel of World War II
People from Renfrew County
Surgeons General of Canada
Royal Canadian Air Force officers
Canadian World War II pilots
The Prussian G 8.1 was a heavier, stronger development of the G 8 and was initially referred to as a 'strengthened standard class' (Verstärkte Normalbauart).
History
These engines were designed by Robert Garbe and built between 1913 and 1921, forming the largest class of state railway locomotives in Germany. The boiler was larger than that of the G 8, and the locomotive was designed to be heavier to haul even the heaviest trains without sanding, due to its higher adhesive weight. Because it had a high axle load, the G 8.1 could however only be used on main lines. In addition to its employment with heavy goods traffic, it was later used for heavy pusher duties as well.
A total of 4,958 engines alone were made for the Prussian state railways and, later, the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine were given 137 (see the Alsace-Lorraine G 8.1), 10 went to the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg Friedrich-Franz Railway, 50 to the German military railways in the First World War, 6 or 10 to the Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser coal mine at Duisburg and 185 were sold abroad to Poland, Romania and Sweden). Linke-Hoffman delivered 20 locomotives to the Swedish state railways (SJ) in 1918, as Class G.
In 1925 the Reichsbahn took over 3,121 Prussian locomotives as Class 55.25–56 with operating numbers 55 2501–5622 (less 55 3367). The twelve Mecklenburg engines (two of which had been bought in 1920 by the Prussian state railways) were incorporated as Class 55.58 with the numbers 55 5801–5810 and 55 5851–5852. Included amongst the Prussian locomotives were also the ten G 8.1 from the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine. In 1935, 43 more locomotives came into the Reichsbahn fleet from the Saarland as numbers 55 5623–5665, the last of which came originally from the Alsace-Lorraine too. In the Second World War numerous locomotives from Poland and Lithuania were also designated as Class 55 engines. The engines taken over from Belgium were given the numbers 55 5666–5699. After 1945 the DR in East Germany added a further locomotive from Poland as 55 5898, and several from Belgium and France as 55 7251–7260 and 55 8170.
Between 1934 and 1941 a total of 691 G 8.1s were fitted with a leading axle in order to allow a higher top speed and to reduce the average axle load. The converted locomotives were redesignated as DRG Class 56.2–8.
More than 1,000 engines remained after the end of the Second World War. In 1968 the DR still had 150 locomotives, and the Deutsche Bundesbahn another 50, which they reclassified as Class 055 from 1968. The last G 8.1 with the DB, number 055 538–3, was taken out of service on 21 December 1972.
The vehicles were coupled with Prussian 3 T 16,5, 3 T 20 and 2'2' T 21,5 tenders.
Number 55 3345 (ex Cassel 5159) has been preserved. It was built in 1915 by Henschel and is today in the Bochum Dahlhausen Railway Museum.
See also
Prussian state railways
List of Prussian locomotives and railcars
Notes
References
Further reading
0-8-0 locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1913
G 08.1
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Standard gauge locomotives of Italy
D h2 locomotives
Freight locomotives
Berliner locomotives
Borsig locomotives
SACM locomotives
Hanomag locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Hohenzollern locomotives
Humboldt locomotives
Arnold Jung locomotives
Linke-Hofmann locomotives
Orenstein & Koppel locomotives
Schichau-Werke locomotives
AG Vulcan Stettin locomotives
Axel Matus (born 17 June 1998 in Guadalajara) is a Mexican racing driver backed by Escuderia Telmex.
Career
Karting
Matus first began karting in 2002, at the age of four. From 2007 onwards, they competed in major karting championships across Mexico and the United States.
Lower Formulae
In 2014, Matus made their debut in French F4, finishing twenty first in their debut season. They returned the following year, claimed their maiden victory and finished seventh overall. In October 2014, Matus was among four drivers invited to join the testing of the Ferrari Driver Academy. But they aren't included into it.
In 2015, Matus went on to become Formula Panam champion and the inaugural NACAM Formula 4 champion.
Formula Renault
In January 2017, Matus signed with AVF for the Eurocup Championship. They were just one from five drivers who wasn't able to secure a points-finishing position, ending the season 24th.
Career
Career summary
† As Matus was a guest driver, they were ineligible for points.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Mexican racing drivers
French F4 Championship drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Auto Sport Academy drivers
AV Formula drivers
Glomeridellidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Glomerida. The adult males in this family have two pairs of telopods (leg pair 18 as well as leg pairs 19) rather than the single pair (leg pair 19 only) found in other families in this order.
Genera:
Albanoglomus Attems, 1926
Glomeridella Brölemann, 1895
Latzelia
Tonkinomeris Nguyen, Sierwald & Marek, 2019
Typhloglomeris Verhoeff, 1898
References
Glomerida
On December 15, 1815, having been elected to the Senate, Nathaniel Macon (DR) of resigned. To fill the vacancy left in North Carolina's representation for the 14th Congress, a special election was held on January 22, 1816.
Election results
Edwards took their seat on February 7, 1816, during the First Session of the 14th Congress.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
1816 and 1817 United States House of Representatives elections
List of United States representatives from North Carolina
References
1816 06
North Carolina 1816 06
North Carolina 06
North Carolina 06
United States House of Representatives 06
United States House of Representatives 1816 06
Francis A. Hopkins (1853–1918) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.
Francis or Frank Hopkins may also refer to:
F. R. C. Hopkins (Francis Rawdon Chesney Hopkins, 1849–1916), Australian playwright
Sir Francis Hopkins, 1st Baronet (1756–1814) of the Hopkins baronets
Sir Francis Hopkins, 2nd Baronet (1813–1860) of the Hopkins baronets
Frances Anne Hopkins (1838–1919), English painter
Frank Hopkins (1865–1951), American professional horseman
Frank Hopkins (Royal Navy officer) (1910–1990), officer in the Royal Navy
Frank Hopkins (cricketer) (1875–1930), English cricketer
Frank Hopkins (footballer) (1909–1960), Australian rules footballer
Frank E. Hopkins (1863–1933), American church music composer, book printer, and politician from New York
The Forest Rangers is a Canadian television series that ran from 1963 to 1965. It was a co-production between CBC Television and ITC Entertainment and was Canada's first television show produced in colour. Executive producer Maxine Samuels founded the show.
The series ran for three seasons, a total of 104 30-minute colour episodes (although Canadian and UK audiences would not get to see them in colour until long after the series ended). Early episodes of the series were broadcast in serialized form as part of a CBC children's series entitled Razzle Dazzle, hosted by Alan Hamel and Michelle Finney.
This was the first appearance in a major series by Gordon Pinsent. They left the series in 1965 to star in Quentin Durgens, M.P.. In 1966 the series was adapted into a comic strip by British comics artist John Gillatt, which appeared in the British comic magazine Tiger.
The show was also run in syndication in the United States from 1965-1966.
In June 2004, there was a reunion for ex-cast and fans just south of Kleinburg, where the show was originally filmed. Six of the ex-junior rangers appeared and Peter Tully flew in from their home in Ireland. Another reunion occurred 15 June 2013 at the actual studios where the show was filmed. This time nine junior rangers and Gordon Pinsent were in attendance.
The show's first season was released on DVD by Imavision in early 2007.
Main cast
Graydon Gould as Chief Ranger George Keeley
Rex Hagon as Junior Ranger Peter Keeley
Michael Zenon as Joe Two Rivers
Gordon Pinsent as Sergeant Scott
Rolland Bédard as Uncle Raoul
Ralph Endersby as Junior Ranger Chub Stanley
Peter Tully as Junior Ranger Mike Forbes
Susan Conway as Junior Ranger Kathy
Syme Jago as Junior Ranger Gaby La Roche
Joe Austin as MacLeod
Eric Clavering as Shingwauk
Tom Harvey as Deputy Ranger Brody
Eric Cryderman as Ranger Matt Craig
Ronald Cohoon as Junior Ranger Zeke
George Allan as Junior Ranger Ted
Mathew Ferguson as Junior Ranger Danny Bailey
Barbara Hamilton as Aggie Apple
Gerard Parkes as Charlie Appleby/Michael Flynn
Ray Bellew as Rocky Webb
Trudy Young as Wilhelmina
Episode list
There are two episode order lists. This episode list is in sequence by filming date order. The other list is in sequence by episode title order. Some episodes were given different titles on film to those given in the TV guides of different countries.
Filming locations
Cinespace Film Studios, Kleinburg, Ontario- the main studio lot
Lake Muskoka- winter lake scenes from season 3
Widdifield Fire Tower in North Bay, Ontario- fire tower scenes from season 3
Trout Mills, Ontario- winter lake plane landing from season 1
Mono Mills, Ontario- an old mill used in season 1
Dorset Fire Tower in Dorset, Ontario- opening credits scene
Mary Lake in King City, Ontario- summer lake scenes from season 1
Draper Fire Tower in Bracebridge, Ontario- fire tower scenes from season 1
Whitney, Ontario- river rapids scenes from season 2
Tottenham, Ontario- a railroad scene from season 1
King Creek, Ontario in King Township, Ontario- Dog Catcher chase scenes
Orangeville, Ontario- the rural airport where Charlie Appleby lands their plane from season 2
Dickie Lake near Baysville, Ontario- summer lake fly-over scene from season 1
Echo Lake near Baysville, Ontario- summer lake fly-over scene from season 2
References
External links
Queen's University Directory of CBC Television Series (The Forest Rangers archived listing link via archive.org)
tvdb list of episodes
1960s Canadian children's television series
1963 Canadian television series debuts
1965 Canadian television series endings
1960s Canadian drama television series
CBC Television original programming
Television series by ITC Entertainment
ITV children's television shows
Northern Ontario in fiction
Television shows filmed in Ontario
Television shows set in Ontario
Television shows adapted into comics
