Anatoliy Oleksiyovych (or Anatoli Alekseyevich) Shulzhenko () (17 February 1945 – 8 July 1997) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1972.
International career
Shulzhenko played their only game for USSR on 28 April 1971 in a friendly against Bulgaria.
External links
Profile at rusteam.permian.ru
short bio at football.lg.ua
1945 births
1997 deaths
Footballers from Luhansk
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Zorya Luhansk players
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
Soviet Top League players
Association football defenders
Mohamad Rihanieh (; born 1 January 2001) is a Syrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Syrian club Al-Ittihad and the Syria national team.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Syrian footballers
Syria international footballers
Association football midfielders
Syrian Premier League players
Al-Ittihad Aleppo players
The 2018 Mid-American Conference football season will be the 73rd season for the Mid-American Conference (MAC). and is part of the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The season will begin on August 30 and will end on November 24. The entire schedule was released on February 22. The MAC Championship Game will be held on November 30, 2018.
Previous season
In 2017, Akron won the East Division with a 6–2 conference record while Toledo won the West Division with a 7–1 conference record. Toledo defeated Akron in the MAC Championship game.
Preseason
Preseason poll
The MAC Preseason Media Poll was released at the MAC Media Day on July 24, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan.
East
Ohio (21)
Buffalo (1)
Miami (2)
Akron
Bowling Green
Kent State
West
Northern Illinois (15)
Toledo (7)
Western Michigan (1)
Eastern Michigan
Central Michigan (1)
Ball State
(first place votes)
MAC Championship
Ohio received 13 votes as the predicted 2018 MAC Championship Game winner. Toledo (5), Northern Illinois (4), Miami (1), and Central Michigan (1) also received votes.
Head coaches
Coaching changes
On November 22, 2018, one day after Kent State's final game of the season against Akron, the school fired head coach Paul Haynes after five losing seasons. On December 19, the school hired Sean Lewis as head coach.
Coaches
''Notes:
All records, appearances, title, etc. are from time with current school only.
Records are through the beginning of the 2018 season only.
Schedule
Regular season
Week One
Akron at Nebraska was canceled following a three-hour delay for lightning and thunderstorms.
Players of the week:
Week Two
Players of the week:
Week Three
Players of the week:
Week Four
Players of the week:
Week Five
Players of the week:
Week Six
Players of the week:
Week Seven
Players of the week:
Week Eight
Players of the week:
Week Nine
Players of the week:
Week Ten
Players of the week:
Week Eleven
Players of the week:
Week Twelve
Players of the week:
Week Thirteen
Players of the week:
Week Fourteen
This game was added after Akron's game vs Nebraska was canceled due to lightning and South Carolina's game vs Marshall was canceled due to Hurricane Florence.
MAC Championship Game
Postseason
Postseason awards
Offensive Player of the Year: Tyree Jackson, QB, Buffalo
Defensive Player of the Year: Sutton Smith, DE, Northern Illinois
Special Teams Player of the Year: Diontae Johnson, KR/PR, Toledo
Coach of the Year: Lance Leipold, Buffalo
Freshman of the Year: Jaret Patterson, RB, Buffalo
Vern Smith Leadership Award: Sutton Smith, DE, Northern Illinois
All-Conference Teams
Bowl games
Home game attendance
Bold – Exceed capacity
†Season High
References
Tham Luang Nang Non (, ) is a karstic cave system in the Tham Luang–Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park, near the village of Pong Pha, in northern Thailand. It lies beneath Doi Nang Non, a mountain range on the border with Myanmar.
On 2 July 2018, the cave was brought to international prominence when twelve members of a junior association football team and their assistant coach were found deep inside the cave. They had become trapped due to monsoonal flooding on 23 June. A rescue effort succeeded in bringing them out safely by 10 July. Two Thai rescue divers died as a result of the rescue.
Description
Name
The cave is also known as Tham Luang (), Tham Nam Cham (), and Tham Yai (). Since tham means 'cave', the commonly used phrase Tham Luang cave is a tautology.
Geology
The cave's main entrance chamber is long and the complex winds through of limestone strata. It has many deep recesses, narrow tunnels, boulder chokes, collapses, and sumps. Stalactites and stalagmites are found throughout the cave. There is a permanent stream inside the cave, which enters from the west, flows with the passage for several metres, and exits via the eastern wall. A team of French cavers made the first survey of Tham Luang's main cave in 1986 and 1987. Further surveys were done in 2014 and 2015 by the British cavers Vern Unsworth, Martin Ellis, Phil Collett, and Rob Harper.
Tourism
A visitor centre outside the main entrance has a detailed map of the cave. There is a car park nearby.
The first of the cave is open to the public for guided tours between November and April. The cave floods during rainy season and is closed to visitors.
2018 cave rescue
In 2018, twelve boys aged 11 to 16, all members of a junior association football team, and their 25-year-old male assistant coach were stranded in the cave for 18 days by a flood. They were rescued in a massive joint operation between the Thai government, the Thai military, and a group of international expert cave divers. British divers found them on a muddy ledge in darkness more than from the entrance nine days into their ordeal. The effort to save their lives was a global operation watched around the world. In all, 90 divers – 50 of whom were foreigners – helped to extract the group. An ex-navy diver, Saman Kunan, died during the mission because they ran out of air, having placed air tanks along the route for the boys. Another diver and ex-Navy Seal died a few months later from an infection they contracted during the cave rescue.
References
Further reading
Caves of Thailand
Geography of Chiang Rai province
Tourist attractions in Chiang Rai province
Mount Vernon Harcourt, also unofficially known as Mount Harcourt, is a conical stratovolcano, that rises over 1,535 meters, making up part of the Hallett Peninsula extending into the Ross Sea about south of Mount Erebus, along with three overlapping shield volcanoes. The mountain was discovered in January 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross and named by them for the Reverend William Vernon Harcourt, one of the founders of the British Association.
Mount Vernon Harcourt is part of the Hallett Volcanic Province of the McMurdo Volcanic Group. Two dates have been obtained from the volcano's rock, roughly 5.5 and 6.6 million years in age. These samples are alkalic in composition.
See also
List of volcanoes in Antarctica
References
Stratovolcanoes of New Zealand
Volcanoes of Victoria Land
Miocene stratovolcanoes
Borchgrevink Coast
Rubens Pedrazzi (1907 – 1980) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1907 births
1980 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Modena
The Great Sea: A Human History of the Mediterranean is a book by the British historian David Abulafia. First published in 2011, it is a history of the Mediterranean Sea from 22,000 BC to the present time, and provides one of the most comprehensive treatments of the subject since the works of Fernand Braudel.
The book has been critically acclaimed and received the Mountbatten Literary Award from the Maritime Foundation, and the British Academy Medal. It has so far been translated into Dutch, Greek, Turkish, Spanish, Korean, German, Italian, Romanian and Portuguese.
Notes and references
2011 non-fiction books
History books about Europe
Books about civilizations
Penguin Books books
The first edit in Wikipedia's database, to the page HomePage, was made on January 15, 2001, and states in its entirety "This is the new WikiPedia!". In December 2021, co-founder Jimmy Wales announced that they would sell a website containing a re-creation of an earlier edit that they said they made and then later deleted, which contained the text "Hello, World!", to the highest bidder as a non-fungible token (NFT).
Background
The concept of a collaboratively written, freely licensed hypertext encyclopedia was first posited in the 1990s; Richard Stallman proposed a "Free Universal Encyclopedia and Learning Resource" in 1998. In 2001, Wikipedia was initially conceived of by Larry Sanger as a source of volunteer entries from the general public that could then be "fed into" Nupedia, a collaborative encyclopedia founded by Jimmy Wales and written by "qualified volunteer contributors" with a multi-step peer review process. A message sent by Sanger to the Nupedia mailing list said "Humor me [...] go there and add a little article. It will take all five or ten minutes". On January 13, 2001, Wikipedia's domain name was registered, and on January 15, 2001, Wikipedia was launched.
First edit
Historically, the earliest surviving edit on Wikipedia's database was a January 16, 2001, revision of the page UuU, created as a list of countries starting with the letter U and oddly titled due to software considerations of the time. However, page histories during that time were unreliably stored by the UseModWiki software; in 2010, previously inaccessible records of early UseModWiki revisions were found in archives by Wikimedia developer Tim Starling. When these edits were imported into Wikipedia's database in 2019, its earliest recorded edit became the January 15, 2001, creation of HomePage with the text "This is the new WikiPedia!" by an anonymous person using the office.bomis.com server. On being informed of the importation of these edits, Wales said:
For the record, these are the earliest edits that have been found, but not the earliest edits. In the early days of Usemod wiki, I did a lot of deleting things *on the hard drive* (as this was the only way to really do that). Those will never be found of course. The first words, soon deleted, were "Hello, World!"
Non-fungible token sale
On December 3, 2021, Wales announced that they would be selling, through auction house Christie's, a non-fungible token (NFT) of a re-creation of what they claimed to be the first Wikipedia edit, made earlier than the "This is the new WikiPedia!" edit. Wales' edit, whose timestamp was listed as 18:29 UTC on January 15, 2001, was on the page HomePage. It consisted of the text "Hello, World!"; it was made as a test and subsequently erased. Previously, other tokens referencing "[pieces] of internet history" had been turned into "wildly expensive NFTs" — in June 2021, Sotheby's auctioned off a token referencing an animated GIF made from a text file of Tim Berners-Lee's original source code for some features of the World Wide Web; it sold for $5,434,500 USD.
The product being sold was not actual ownership of the edit (as Wikipedia content is released under a copyleft license), but rather a "digital item" that records the purchaser's name alongside a URL of the edit and by itself confers the owner no special rights. However, plans were made to set up a website, "Edit This NFT", mirroring only the original page; the purchaser would be allowed to edit it. It sold for US$750,000 to Santiago Santos, who also bought the iMac that was used to make the edit for $187,500. Santos bought the edit on behalf of PleasrDAO, a group that previously purchased the 2015 Wu-Tang Clan one-of-a-kind album Once Upon a Time in Shaolin (see . Numerous Wikipedia editors objected to the sale on various grounds. Some editors, including administrators, argued that Wales' use of their own user profile page to advertise the sale was a violation of Wikipedia guidelines against self-promotion. Other editors criticized the sale on the grounds that the artificial scarcity of NFTs is incompatible with Wikipedia's open-source free knowledge principles. They were broadly not opposed to the iMac sale but objected to the NFT for representing what they perceived as monetization encroaching onto the platform.
Notes
References
History of Wikipedia
January 2001 events
Jimmy Wales
Non-fungible token
Blockchain and auctions
Nomafrench Mbombo (born 6 September 1966) is a South African academic and politician who has been the Western Cape Provincial Minister of Health since 2015 and a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament since 2014. They previously served as the Western Cape Provincial Minister of Cultural Affairs and Sport from 2014 to 2015. Mbombo was the Federal Leader of the Democratic Alliance Women's Network from 2018 to 2021.
Early life and education
Mbombo was born on 6 September 1966. They spent their childhood in Mdantsane, East London in the former Cape Province.
They earned a PhD in the fields of Gender and Human Rights from the University of the Western Cape. Mbombo achieved their Masters in Maternal and Child Health from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, and their Bachelors in Nursing Science from the University of Fort Hare. They were then employed in the Eastern Cape and KwaZulu-Natal provincial and local government health departments.
Before being involved in politics, they worked as an associate professor at the Faculty of Community and Health Sciences Department of the University of the Western Cape.
They have also served as a member of various organisations, such as the National Committee of Confidential Enquiries on Maternal Death, NEPAD, and the UN Office of Human Rights: Women & Gender Directorate.
Political career
Mbombo, previously an African National Congress supporter, joined the DA in 2013, after attending a DA meeting for black professionals.
Mbombo was elected to the Western Cape Provincial Parliament in the 8 May 2014 election and was sworn in as a Member on 21 May 2014. They represent the Philippi region of the City of Cape Town. Premier Helen Zille appointed Mbombo to the post of Western Cape Provincial Minister of Cultural Affairs and Sport. They were sworn in as Provincial Minister on 26 May 2014.
In December 2014, Premier Zille announced that Theuns Botha and Mbombo would exchange ministerial positions. Mbombo would become Western Cape Provincial Minister of Health, while Botha would take their position. The changes came into effect on 1 January 2015.
In 2018, incumbent Democratic Alliance Women's Network Federal Leader Denise Robinson announced that they would not seek re-election to another term. Mbombo subsequently declared their candidacy and was elected at the party's Federal Congress on 7 April 2018.
In May 2019, newly elected premier Alan Winde announced that they had retained Mbombo in their post as Provincial Minister of Health.
In October 2019, they declared their candidacy for interim Federal Chairperson of the Democratic Alliance following Athol Trollip's resignation. They lost to Ivan Meyer.
In December 2020, Mbombo was criticised for posting on Facebook that they were on holiday in Limpopo, amid the second wave of COVID-19 infections in the Western Cape. They said that it was a "well-deserved, long overdue break".
On 28 April 2021, Mbombo resigned as the Federal Leader of the DA's Women's Network. Them resignation came after Bonginkosi Madikizela resigned as DA provincial leader and the Provincial Minister of Transport and Public Works.
Personal life
Mbombo was married and has two daughters. Them husband died in 2003.
In March 2020, Mbombo came into contact with the French consul-general Laurent Amar who tested positive for COVID-19. They consequently went into self-isolation and later tested negative.
References
|-
|-
Living people
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
Members of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament
Xhosa people
Women members of provincial legislatures of South Africa
21st-century South African women politicians
21st-century South African politicians
1966 births
Blythipicus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae that are found in Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy
The genus was introduced by the French ornithologist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1854. The name was chosen to honour the English zoologist Edward Blyth whose name is combined with the Latin picus meaning "woodpecker". The type species was subsequently designated as the maroon woodpecker (Blythipicus rubiginosus) by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1855. The genus is in the tribe Campephilini, one of five tribes that make up the woodpecker subfamily Picinae. The genus Blythipicus is sister to a clade containing the genera Reinwardtipicus and Chrysocolaptes.
Species
The genus contains two species:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fu Kun-chi (; born 8 May 1962) is a Taiwanese politician. They were a member of the Legislative Yuan from 2002 to 2009, when they assumed the Hualien County magistracy. In September 2018, Fu was removed from the latter office, as the Supreme Court issued its final ruling on charges of insider trading against him, outstanding since 2005. Fu was re-elected to the Legislative Yuan in 2020. On 14 May 2020, they were convicted of illegal stock speculation and sentenced to two years and ten months in prison.
Education
Fu completed their bachelor's degree in transport administration and China research at Tamkang University. They then earned their master's degree in public administration from National Dong Hwa University.
Political career
Fu served in the Legislative Yuan from 2002 to 2009. Fu assumed the position of Magistrate of Hualien County starting 20 December 2009 after winning the 2009 Hualien County magistrate election on 5 December 2009 as an independent candidate. They were reelected again for the second term as magistrate after winning the 2014 Hualien County magistrate election on 29 November 2014 as an independent candidate.
2016 Mainland China visit
In September 2016, Fu with another seven magistrates and mayors from Taiwan visited Beijing, which were Hsu Yao-chang (Magistrate of Miaoli County), Chiu Ching-chun (Magistrate of Hsinchu County), Liu Cheng-ying (Magistrate of Lienchiang County), Yeh Hui-ching (Deputy Mayor of New Taipei City), Chen Chin-hu (Deputy Magistrate of Taitung County), Lin Ming-chen (Magistrate of Nantou County) and Wu Cherng-dean (Deputy Magistrate of Kinmen County). Their visit was aimed to reset and restart cross-strait relations after President Tsai Ing-wen took office on 20 May 2016. The eight local leaders reiterated their support of One-China policy under the 1992 consensus. They met with Taiwan Affairs Office Head Zhang Zhijun and Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Yu Zhengsheng.
2020 legislative election
Fu ran as an independent in the Hualien County Constituency they represented from 2002 to 2009, and defeated sitting legislator Hsiao Bi-khim in the 2020 legislative elections.
Controversy
In 2000, legal action began against investors of Taiwan Pineapple Group, regarding insider trading dating back to 1997. Subsequent investigations found that Fu was not involved in speculation of Taiwan Pineapple stocks, but did profit from stock manipulation of other companies. A 2013 Taiwan High Court ruling found Fu guilty, and they were to serve three years imprisonment. An appeal was heard by the same court in February 2019, and Fu's sentence was reduced to 34 months. Upon hearing the appeal in May 2020, the Supreme Court decided to uphold the High Court's 2019 ruling, without suspending Fu's civil rights, which permitted Fu to retain their seat in the Legislative Yuan.
In 2005, Fu was charged with insider trading dating back to 2003. The Taichung District Court ruled in 2008 that they were to pay a NT$50 million fine and sentenced to a prison term of 54 months. The case was appealed to the High Court, and Supreme Court, which returned the case to the High Court. A 2016 High Court decision held that Fu was guilty and reduced their sentence to eight months imprisonment. The Supreme Court refused another appeal in September 2018, and ruled that Fu must serve their eight-month sentence. Immediately after the court decision, the Ministry of the Interior removed Fu from the Hualien County magistracy. Fu's deputy Tsai Yun-huang was also removed from office, and the interior ministry selected Tsai Pi-chung to succeed Fu. Fu began serving their sentence on 25 September 2018. In March 2019, it was reported that Fu's sentence had been reduced by one month on good behavior, which granted them early release on 24 April 2019.
The Hualien District Prosecutors' Office charged Fu with tax evasion in October 2017, regarding real estate sales.
On 24 June 2020, the Taiwan High Court extended Fu's prison sentence to a total of 46 months, in decisions regarding the stock manipulation cases against him, as well as their divorce from Hsu Chen-wei.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Magistrates of Hualien County
Tamkang University alumni
National Dong Hwa University alumni
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Expelled members of the Kuomintang
People First Party Members of the Legislative Yuan
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
Taiwanese politicians convicted of insider trading
Hualien County Members of the Legislative Yuan
Members of the 10th Legislative Yuan
Spouses of Taiwanese politicians
Pasquale Stafano (born 2 December 1972) is an Italian jazz pianist, composer and arranger who performs internationally.
Biography
Stafano was born in Stornarella and studied at the Music Conservatory in Foggia where they took two degrees in classical piano and in jazz. They have also a degree in economics.
In 1999, they co-founded of the trio Nuevo Tango Ensamble. Stafano's seven albums include the 2021 Sparks recorded for Enja Records. Their composition "Milonguita" was recorded by The 12 Cellists of the Berlin Philharmonic on their album Hora Cero released by Sony Classical in 2016. They composed with Jungbum Kim, and recorded with Nuevo Tango Ensamble, two compositions for the soundtrack of the Korean film Chronicle of a blood merchant by Ha Jung-woo.
Stafano teaches piano and jazz and has held workshops and masterclasses in Italy and internationally.
Discography
Astor's Mood (Realsound 2002)
A night in Vienna for Astor Piazzolla "Live Album" (Philology 2005)
Tango Mediterraneo (Jazzhaus Records 2008)
D'impulso (Jazzhaus Records 2011)
Nocturno (Enja Records 2016)
Mediterranean Tales (Enja Records 2020)
Sparks (Enja Records 2021)
References
External links
Official website
Biography on the website of the Nuevo Tango Ensamble
1972 births
Italian jazz pianists
Italian male pianists
Living people
People from Foggia
21st-century pianists
21st-century Italian male musicians
Male jazz musicians
Michele Paramatti (born 10 March 1968 in Salara) is a retired Italian professional football player who played as a defender.
Career
Paramatti began their career with SPAL in 1986 in the lower divisions of the Italian football league, spending nine seasons with the club in total, including a two-year loan period with Russi between 1987 and 1989.
A free agent at the age of 27, in 1995, they were signed by Bologna at the request of the club's sporting director at the time, Gabriele Oriali; Paramatti would make a name for themselves with the club due to their consistent performances, eventually being named Bologna's captain. During their first season with the club, they helped Bologna to obtain Serie A promotion, winning the 1995–96 Serie B title. During the 1997–98 season under manager Renzo Ulivieri, they played alongside several notable players, such as Roberto Baggio, Giancarlo Marocchi, Igor Kolyvanov, and Kennet Andersson, helping Bologna to qualify for the 1998 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Bologna won the tournament the following season under Carlo Mazzone, qualifying for the 1998–99 UEFA Cup; the club would go on to reach the semi-finals of the competition, with Paramatti scoring in the return leg against Olympique Marseille. That season, the club also managed a semi-final finish in the Coppa Italia.
After 5 seasons with the club, they were acquired by Juventus in 2000; during their final press conference with Bologna, an emotional Paramatti thanked the club's fans, stating: "I cannot forget them because they always showed great support. I am proud to have worn the Bologna shirt and I thank everyone: but this is a see you later, because five years are impossible to forget". With the Turin club, they made their Champions League debut under Carlo Ancelotti; they also made 10 appearances under Marcello Lippi during the 2001–02 season, which saw the club crowned Serie A champions, also reaching the Coppa Italia Final.
In the summer of 2002, as originally promised, they returned to Bologna for one more season, after spending two seasons in Turin. They ended their career in 2004, after one season with Serie C1 side Reggiana.
Style of play
A hard-working, and ambidextrous full-back, Paramatti was usually deployed as a left-back, but was capable of playing on either side of the defence. Due to their tactical versatility, they were able to adapt to many different playing positions across the pitch, and had the capacity to play anywhere in defence or in midfield, due to their ability to time their runs and challenges. Throughout their career, they were also used as a centre-back, as a wide, defensive, or central midfielder, and even in more offensive roles, as a winger or as a forward on rare occasions, in particular due to their ability in the air, which made them a goal threat in the penalty area on indirect set-pieces. Due to their stamina, work-rate, and consistency, they were capable of aiding their team both offensively and defensively, and they excelled in particular as an attacking wing-back on the left flank.
Personal life
Michele 's son, Lorenzo, is also professional footballer, who made their professional debut in 2015.
Honours
Bologna
Serie B: 1995–96
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 1998
Juventus
Serie A: 2001–02
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
S.P.A.L. players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Juventus F.C. players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
U.S. Russi players
Association football defenders
The Callan River is a river in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. Rising near Tullnawood lake, it flows in a generally northerly direction, past Darkley, passing within a few miles of Keady town, through Tassagh and on to Armagh. It joins the River Blackwater 1.3 km downstream from Charlemont or 1.6 km upstream from Bond's Bridge. It is navigable by dinghy or canoe for 2 km to Fairlawn Bridge.
The area upstream of Armagh has many former linen mills that were built to use the waterpower of the river. There is also a viaduct at Tassagh that once carried the railway line from Armagh to Keady.
Originally the Callan was joined at Fairlawn Bridge by the River Tall, coming from the direction of Richhill and Ballyhegan, but the Tall was diverted at a point 2 km upstream of the former confluence into a cut excavated in 1851–4 which conveys it directly to the Blackwater just above Verner's Bridge.
A second cut, completed in 1855, partly diverted the Callan itself, by means of a weir at Clonmain Mill near the junction of the Summerisland Road and the Cloveneden Road, to the Tall just upstream of its own diversion, but the bulk of the Callan has continued in its original course.
People
Niall Caille Mac Aedo (791-846) was King of Ireland and defeated the Danes at Derry in 833 and at Lough Swilly in 843. They drowned in the River Callan, near Armagh.
See also
List of rivers of Northern Ireland
Bibliography
References
Rivers of County Armagh
The fairy martin (Petrochelidon ariel) is a member of the swallow family of passerine birds which breeds in Australia. It is migratory wintering through most of Australia, with some birds reaching New Guinea and Indonesia. It is increasingly a wanderer to New Zealand, where it may have bred. This species is frequently placed in the genus Hirundo as Hirundo ariel. It is monotypic.
This is a bird of open country near water, and is usually seen near its nest sites in cliffs, culverts or bridges.
Description
The fairy martin is dumpy and square tailed. It averages long and weighs . The adult has an iridescent blue back, brown wings and tail, a rufous crown and nape, and a whitish rump. The underparts are dull white. The sexes are similar, but young birds are duller and browner, with a paler forehead and pale fringes to the back and wing feathers.
This species can be distinguished from other Australian swallows by its pale rump. The most similar species, the tree martin, has a shallowly forked tail and blue-black head and nape.
The call of this vocal swallow is a chrrrr and the song is a high-pitched twitter. The vocalizations are higher pitched than those of the tree martin.
Behaviour
Fairy martins breed from August through to January in colonies usually of a few tens of nests, but the largest known site had 700 nests. Nests are constructed in natural holes in dead trees, riverbanks, cliff faces or rock crevices, but increasingly in artificial sites on bridges, in culverts and pipes, and on buildings.
The nest is a retort or bottle shaped structure, made from up to 1,000 mud pellets and lined with dried grasses and feathers. The bowl is about in diameter, and the entrance tunnel is long. The nests in a colony are clustered together. Both sexes build the nest and share incubation and care of the young.
The clutch is usually four, sometimes five, reddish-brown speckled white eggs, and this species is often double or triple brooded.
The fairy martin feeds high in the air on flying insects, usually in large flocks. Fairy martins have a slow fluttering flight and feed higher than welcome swallows. They will also feed on insect swarms low over water, and have been recorded feeding on injured moths on a newly cut lawn. This species is highly gregarious and forms large flocks, often with tree martins.
Ecology
When the mud nest is vacated after breeding, it may become occupied by several species of microbats. These opportunists include the wattle bats of genus Chalinolobus (Chalinolobus morio, C. dwyeri and C. gouldii), and the small long-eared bat Nyctophilus geoffroyi.
References
Birds in backyards
Petrochelidon
Birds of Australia
Birds described in 1843
Articles containing video clips
Colchester Art Society was founded in 1946 by a group of artists who lived in Colchester and the nearby areas, many of whom were also linked to the Colchester School of Art, which is part of Colchester Institute. The aim of the society was and still is the promotion of the visual arts.
Early history
In 1946, a period of renewed optimism after the Second World War, a group of young artists eager to exhibit together founded the Colchester Art Society. Some of its founding members were Roderic Barrett, Edward Bawden, Henry Collins, Reg Hazel, Cedric Morris, John Nash, Joyce Pallot, Rowland Suddaby, and Sylvia St. George.
The Colchester Art Society was founded following a meeting of local artists called by Reg Hazell who at the time was the head of the Colchester School of Arts. The initial meeting was attended by Henry Collins, Roderic Barrett and the children's illustrator Jenny Ward. Following this initial meeting Cedric Morris and Arthur Lett-Haines who ran the East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing joined the group alongside Joyce Pallot, Sylvia St George and others. The painter John Nash RA was invited to be the Society's first president and remained president until their death in 1977. Other presidents of the Society have included Cedric Morris, Roderic Barrett and Anthony Atkinson. Cedric Morris was a key figure who encouraged the activities of the Colchester Art Society.
The first exhibition of the group showed 37 artists and took place in Colchester Castle. The selection committee decided that the criteria to choose the works would be based purely on merit, regardless of the background, experience or popularity of the artist, a policy which remains. The artist and designer Henry Collins designed the posters for the exhibition alongside the society's logo, which is still used today.
At Colchester Art Society's Autumn Exhibition which was held at Colchester Castle in October 1948, Cedric Morris exhibited a portrait of their then-student, Lucian Freud, which is now part of the Tate's collection.
Permanent Collection
Since the early years of the foundation of the Colchester Art Society the President, the Chairman of Selectors, and the members of the Panel select works from the exhibitions in order to purchase them and keep them as part of their Permanent Collection.
The Permanent Collection includes a number of works produced by renowned East Anglian artists from the past half century, including: Roderic Barrett, Arthur Lett-Haines, Lucy Harwood (who also belonged to the East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing), Blair Hughes-Stanton, John Nash (who was the first president of the Colchester Art Society), Cedric Morris, Bernard Reynolds and Valerie Thornton. Nash bequeathed their personal library and some of their paintings and engravings to The Minories, Colchester, who later sold most of the material to the Tate.
Colchester Art Society Today
The Colchester Art Society provides its members the opportunity to exhibit artworks, to have informal debates and discussion, as well as to access relevant information and support. The group welcomes various art forms, such as painting, sculpture, textiles, ceramics, and works on paper, among others.
Together with Firstsite the society organised the exhibition Life with Art: Benton End and the East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing which opened in December 2021.
References
Cultural organisations based in England
History of Colchester
Arts in the United Kingdom
Art societies
Mendeleyevskaya (, ) is a Moscow Metro station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line. It is located in the Tverskoy District of central Moscow.
It was opened on 31 December 1988. The station was designed by Nina Aleshina and Natalya Samoilova on the theme of Dmitri Mendeleev and their works.
Its depth is . The transfer to the Novoslobodskaya station of the Koltsevaya Line is available.
A stray dog named Malchik lived at the station, and after they were killed a monument Compassion () was erected in the station.
See also
Malchik
References
External links
Mendeleyevskaya on metro.ru
Moscow Metro stations
Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line
Tverskoy District
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1988
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Armand Vaquerin (21 February 1951 – 10 July 1993) was a French Rugby union footballer that represented France.
They played as a Loosehead prop for AS Béziers who won the French rugby championship ten times (a record), and for France. In 1993, Vaquerin shot themselves while playing Russian roulette in a bar in Béziers.
Honours
Selected to represent France, 1971–1980
French rugby champion, 1971, 1972, 1974, 1975, 1977, 1978, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984 with AS Béziers
Challenge Yves du Manoir 1975 and 1977 with AS Béziers
External links
The top 10 frightening Frenchmen
1951 births
French rugby union players
France international rugby union players
Deaths by firearm in France
1993 deaths
Firearm accident victims
Accidental deaths in France
Rugby union props
Sportspeople from Aveyron
AS Béziers Hérault players
Giovanni Antonio Giay (sometimes spelled Giaj; 11 June 1690 – 10 September 1764) was an Italian composer. Their compositional output includes 15 operas, 5 symphonies, and a significant amount of sacred music.
Life and career
Born in Turin, Giay's father, Stefano Giuseppe Giay, was a chemist. Their father died when they were 5 years old. In 1710 they entered the Collegio degli Innocenti at the Turin Cathedral where they studied music with Francesco Fasoli. Their first opera, Il trionfo d'Amore ossia La Fillide, premiered at the Teatro Carignano during Carnival of 1715. In 1732 they succeeded Andrea Stefano Fiorè as the maestro di cappella at the royal chapel in Turin at the behest of Charles Emmanuel III of Savoy. They remained in that post until their death 26 years later, after which their son, Francesco Saverio, took over the post from 1764 until 1798.
As master of the Cappella Regia, Giay wrote many religious and secular musical and operatic works. Their work include Don Chisciotte in Venezia, an intermezzo written in 1748 to 1752, with lyrics by Giuseppe Baretti. The lyrics feature Miguel de Cervantes' characters Don Quixote and Dulcinea, during the carnival of Venice.
References
External links
1690 births
1764 deaths
Italian Baroque composers
Classical-period composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
18th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
Gümele, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Hallie Sargisson (January 1, 1907 – February 9, 2010) was an American politician who served in the Iowa House of Representatives from the 24th district from 1971 to 1973.
They died on February 9, 2010, in Sioux City, Iowa at age 103.
References
1907 births
2010 deaths
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
American centenarians
Iowa Democrats
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Women centenarians
21st-century American women
was the pseudonym of a Japanese painter in the Nihonga style, active during the Taishō and Shōwa eras. Their real name was Kawabata Shotarō.
Biography
They were born in Wakayama city in Wakayama Prefecture. They moved to Tokyo in 1895. Initially interested in literature, they studied under the poet Kawabata Hoja, who introduced them to the Hototogisu artistic circle. They then became interested in painting instead, and studied yōga painting techniques as an apprentice in the studios of the Hakubakai. When they were 18, they entered a Yomiuri Shimbun illustration contest, from which their work was selected. They continued working on newspaper illustrations to earn a living as they studied oil painting. In 1913, they traveled to the United States to study western-style painting techniques in more depth, but was so impressed with the Japanese art that they saw during a visit to the Boston Museum of Fine Arts that they switched to the Nihonga genre on their return to Japan in 1914, displaying at the Inten Exhibition in 1915. They left Inten in 1928 in protest of its increasing rigid rules, and established their own Nihonga art circle, the Seiryūsha in 1928. The Seiryūsha held an exhibition on competition to the Inten twice a year from 1929 to 1965 in Tokyo. In addition, Ryūshi usually held a personal exhibition in Osaka once per year.
Ryūshi was a major advocate of , which emphasized the public nature of art. Their works therefore tended to be on a huge scale, and were intended for public display in large areas.
After World War II, together with Yokoyama Taikan and Kawai Gyokudō, they came to be regarded as one of the "Three Big Figures" in the field of Nihonga painting.
In 1950, after the death of their wife and son, they went on a pilgrimage of the 88 holy places in Shikoku, taking a total of six years to make the circuit, and sketching extensively along the way. In 1959, they were awarded the Order of Culture by the Japanese government.
In 1963, shortly before their death, their house in Ōta, Tokyo was transformed into the Ōta Municipal Ryushi Memorial Hall. It was donated to the city of Ōta by their heirs in 1990, and contains most of their larger works.
Philately
One of Ryūshi's works was selected as the subject of a commemorative postage stamp by the Japanese government:
1979: Aizen ("Passion"), commemorating the 61st Inter-Parliamentary Conference
Gallery
References
Conant, Ellen P., Rimer, J. Thomas, Owyoung, Stephen. Nihonga: Transcending the Past: Japanese-Style Painting, 1868-1968. Weatherhill (1996).
External links
Bio and photos of works
Ryushi Memorial Hall official site
1885 births
1966 deaths
Nihonga painters
Buddhist artists
People from Wakayama (city)
Recipients of the Order of Culture
20th-century Japanese painters
Artists from Wakayama Prefecture
The Studholme Baronetcy, of Perridge in the County of Devon, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 3 July 1956 for the Conservative politician Henry Studholme. As of 2012 the title is held by their grandson Sir Henry William Studholme, the third Baronet, who succeeded their father in 1990.
Studholme baronets, of Perridge (1956)
Sir Henry Gray Studholme, 1st Baronet (1899–1987)
Sir Paul Henry William Studholme, 2nd Baronet (1930–1990)
Sir Henry William Studholme, 3rd Baronet, 3rd Baronet (born 1958)
The heir apparent is the present holder's eldest son Joshua Henry Paul Studholme (born 1992)
See also
Studholme Hodgson
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Studholme
Brent is a housing estate in Cornwall, England, UK. It is situated east of the village of Polperro, within the civil parish of Polperro and west of the neighbouring town of Looe.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Polperro
Carlos Alonso Farrenberg (born 10 January 1980) is a Paralympic swimmer from Brazil competing mainly in category S13 events for partially sighted athletes. Farrenberg has competed at three Paralympic Games beginning with the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. They won their only medal at their home games in Rio in 2016, a silver in the 50 metres freestyle. As well as their Paralympic medal, Farrenberg has also won multiple medals at World Championship level.
Personal history
Farrenberg was born in São Paulo, Brazil in 1980. They were born with congenital toxoplasmosis which resulted in their vision gradually failing until stabilising at the age of 13 leaving them with 20 percent of normal vision. They were educated at the Faculty of Physical Education in Santos.  They are married to Tatyana and they had their first child in 2015.
Swimming career
Farrenberg was introduced to swimming as a child but gave up the sport as a teenager. At University they took up goalball, but then heard of trials for disabled swimmers for the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens and decided to try out. Despite being away from the pool for ten years and with only a month of training, Farrenberg broke three Brazilian swimming records for the S13 class during the trails. Unfortunately for Farrenberg these times were not sufficient to allow them to qualify for Athens, but it spurred them on to take up swimming professionally again.
They first represented Brazil at the 2006 IPC World Swimming Championships in Durban winning a silver medal in the 100 metre freestyle (S13). Farrenberg competed in their first Summer Paralympics in 2008 in Beijing. They competed in four events, with their best result being a fourth place in the 50 metre freestyle. In 2009 they competed in the IPC World Short Course Championship, held in Brazil. They won five medals including an individual gold in the 100 metre freestyle. The following year they won a bronze in the 2010 World Championships in Eindhoven.
Farrenberg qualified for their second Paralympics in 2012, travelling to London to compete in four events. They managed to get through two of the heats finishing sixth in the 50 metres freestyle and 8th in the 100 metres. In the build-up to the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Brazil, they won a silver in the 50 metre S13 at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships in Glasgow. At the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro they entered just two events, the 50 metre and 100 metre freestyles. They came through the heats of the 100 metres and finished fifth in the finals. In the 50 metres they finished first in their qualifying heat, but their main rival, Ihar Boki of Belarus, set a Paralympic record in their heat. Farrenberg swam a time of 24.27 seconds to win their first Paralympic medal, a silver.
References
Paralympic swimmers of Brazil
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Brazil
Brazilian male freestyle swimmers
Living people
Swimmers from São Paulo
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
S13-classified Paralympic swimmers
1980 births
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 2011 Parapan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Parapan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Parapan American Games
21st-century Brazilian people
20th-century Brazilian people
Mount Rees () is a mountain () which rises above the cliffs at the west side of Koettlitz Névé, SSW of Mount Talmadge, Victoria Land. It is named after Margaret N. Rees, geologist, University of Nevada, Las Vegas, who conducted field studies in the Transantarctic Mountains, including the Skelton Glacier area of the Hillary Coast, through several seasons, 1984–96.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
Cloonee and Inchiquin Loughs, Uragh Wood is the name of a Natura 2000 site in a valley in Tuosist, County Kerry, Ireland. Habitats include lowland oligotrophic lakes (loughs) and oceanic oak woodland.
Uragh Wood has been protected as a nature reserve since 1982. A Special Area of Conservation has since been designated which protects the wood, lakes and the surrounding area. The four main lakes in the area are the Salt Lake, Lower Cloonee Lake, Upper Cloonee Lake and the Gleninchaquin Lake.
This is one of the areas in which the rare Kerry Slug and the Lesser Horseshoe Bat are known to occur.
References
Lakes of County Kerry
Protected areas of County Kerry
Special Areas of Conservation in the Republic of Ireland
BY Draconis is a multiple star system in the constellation Draco, consisting of at least three components. Components A and B are main sequence stars, and form a close binary star system with a short orbital period of only 5.98 days. Their individual spectroscopic classifications are dK5e and dK7e. They form the prototype of a class of variable stars known as BY Draconis variables.
The third component (C) is, by comparison, widely separated from the A-B pair by an angular distance of 17 arcseconds, which corresponds to 260 AU at the estimated distance of this star system—where an AU is the average distance from the Earth to the Sun. Component C is an M5 class red dwarf star. There may be a fourth component to the system, orbiting with a ≤1000‑day period, responsible for the eccentricity of the 5.98-day orbit, but this has not been visually confirmed.
The variability of BY Draconis is caused by activity in the stellar photosphere called starspots, which are comparable to sunspots on the Sun, in combination with rapid rotation that changes the viewing angle of the activity relative to the observer. This variation has an average periodicity of 3.8285 days, but the brightness also changes over the course of several years—depending on the level of surface activity. Most observers believe that the primary star (A) is responsible for the variability as the secondary produces only a third of the total luminosity from the system. However, the spots may occur on both stars. Unlike the Sun, these spots may occur in the polar regions of the stars.
References
External links
Draco (constellation)
BY Draconis variables
K-type main-sequence stars
Draconis, BY
234667
0719
Durchmusterung objects
091009
Flare stars
TIC objects
Triple star systems
Retail's BIG Show, or the NRF Annual Convention & EXPO, is the flagship industry event of the National Retail Federation (NRF).
Retail's BIG Show is an annual event held over three days in New York City.
It is the world's leading annual retail event, bringing together 37,000 retail professionals and vendors from more than 90 countries for educational and networking opportunities. In 2020, Retail's Big Show had more than 300 speakers, 800 exhibitors, 40,000 attendees and 200 sessions.
Retail's BIG Show has frequently been ranked as one of the Top 200 events in North America, as well as one of the 50 fastest-growing trade events.
Events
Retail, technology and business leaders are among the headline speakers for the event, which has seen over 37,000 retailers from nearly 100 countries gather in New York to address the latest trends, innovations and strategies for transformation.
Retail's Big Show went virtual in 2021, its 110th year, with 90 sessions and 300 exhibitors.
History
The National Retail Federation (NRF) is the world's largest retail trade association, with members including department store, specialty, discount, catalogue, Internet, and independent retailers, chain restaurants, and grocery stores. It is also an umbrella group that represents more than 100 associations of state, national and international retailers.
NRF began in 1911 as the National Retail Dry Goods Association (NRDGA). This was also the year of its first annual meeting. In 1958, NRDGA was renamed National Retail Merchants Association. In 1990, the association and the American Retail Federation merged to form the National Retail Federation. During all the years, an annual convention was held for members.
Today, Retail's BIG Show continues to be an annual event held over four days beginning in the second week of January, at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City.
The EXPO Floor is open each day of the convention and hosts more than 700 exhibiting companies. The EXPO features special sessions produced by the NRF covering a wide range of topics such as sustainability, visual merchandising and the global economy. Exhibitors also offer their own sessions with product demos and case studies titled Exhibitor Big Ideas.
The Innovation Lab, added to the show for the first time in 2018, showcases technologies of the future and how they are transforming the way retailers market, connect and serve their customers in immersive and interactive demonstrations. Robotics, personalization, augmented reality, faster checkout systems, spatial recognition and other technologies are on display that are either already in commercial use or at the start-up stage.
The NRF Foundation Gala is held each year during the NRF convention. This event raises money for Foundation programming, dedicated to shaping retail's future, and honors the 25 individuals named to the Foundation's annual “List of People Shaping Retail's Future.” Many of those on the list also speak at Big Show.
In 2021, the event featured sessions focused on helping retailers understand the business changes that happened as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as a focus on how to move forward and best prepare for 2021 and 2022. This included sessions discussing how to stay on top of online inventory and shopping behavior, how to engage with new-to-online shoppers, and many success stories and case studies. The event also focused on the employee side of retail, such as how to best support employees during a year when mental health and stress issues increased. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice gave the keynote speech on January 12th for the virtual event. Other major speakers included Walmart Chief Customer Officer Janey Whiteside and JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, and Deloitte's Chief Global Economist Ira Kalish.
References
Shoptimism: Why the American Consumer Will Keep on Buying No Matter What, by Lee Eisenberg. Free Press, 2009. Pages 33–40.
Trade shows in the United States
Mashallah Abdullayev (Abdullayev Maşallah Babakişi oğlu; born 27 May 1950) is a military serviceman of Azerbaijan Republic Armed Forces, Chief Lieutenant. They were awarded National Hero of Azerbaijan.
Early life
They were born in Kapanakchi village of Goranboy region on 27 May 1950. They studied at Gornaboy secondary school # 1 and then at the Vocational school. Mashallah started working at Goranboy Exploitation of Artesian wells project at age 15. They then worked at Sumgayit Aluminum Plant.
Career
They were called for military service in 1969. They served in Kerch city and returned to Baku after leaving the Army in 1971. When Mashallah returned, they started working at Baku Oil Rigs.
Abdullayev decided to pursue their education and entered Baku Physical Education College in 1973. They graduated from the College and returned to Goranboy in 1975 where they started working as a teacher of Physical Education at school #1.
Armenians who lived in Azeri villages such as Garachinar, Manash, Erkach, and Buzlug started attacking the villages such as Zeyva and Todan where Azerbaijani people were living. They were attacking Azerbaijani villages, burning their houses and taking residents hostage.
Abdullayev gathered the youth of Goranboy region together. M. Abdullayev's established the first Self Defense Units. They helped to combine those defense groups into a battalion. They took an active part in defending former Shaumyan (present Aghjakand) from the invaders.
They were chosen as a Deputy to the High Counsel of the Republic (National Assembly). Abdullayev was selected as a Brigade Commander within the Ministry of Defense. The Brigade was supervising Tartar, Goranboy and Yevlakh regions.
Abdullayev was promoted to the rank of Major, and also selected as a Mayor of Goranboy region from August 1992 to May 1993.
They were awarded the medal of General M. Asadov for their bravery.
Personal life
 They are married and has one child.
References
National Heroes of Azerbaijan
People from Goranboy District
1950 births
Living people
R16 may refer to:
Vehicles
R16 (New York City Subway car)
Lublin R-XVI, a 1932 Polish passenger and air ambulance aircraft
Renault 16, a family hatchback
Romano R.16, high wing monoplane
, a Royal Canadian Navy destroyer
, a Royal Navy Colossus-class light fleet aircraft carrier
, a 1917 R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy
Other uses
R-16 (missile), the first successful intercontinental ballistic missile deployed by the Soviet Union
R16 (Rodalies de Catalunya), a regional rail line in Catalonia, Spain
R-16 Korea, an international b-boy competition
R16 road (Ghana)
Aika R-16: Virgin Mission, an anime OVA series
Small nucleolar RNA R16
Explosive when mixed with oxidising substances, a chemical risk phrase; see List of R-phrases
Oak Forest is a train station located in Oak Forest, Illinois on Metra's Rock Island District line, which runs between Joliet, Illinois and LaSalle Street Station in downtown Chicago, Illinois. It is in Zone E according to Metra fee schedules based on distance from downtown Chicago. As of 2018, Oak Forest is the 42nd busiest of Metra's 236 non-downtown stations, with an average of 1,091 weekday boardings.
As of 2022, Oak Forest is served by 21 trains in each direction on weekdays, by 10 inbound trains and 11 outbound trains on Saturdays, and by eight trains in each direction on Sundays.
The station is located at 159th Street (U.S. Route 6) and Cicero Avenue (Illinois Route 50). There are several parking lots adjacent to the station, though they are being removed and relocated further away from the train station as part of Oak Forest Mayor JoAnn Kelly's Gateway Project.
In 2011, Oak Forest, then the second-busiest station on the Rock Island line with 1,500 daily commuters and 23 trains, received a $1.3 million grant from the United States Department of Transportation for modernization.
Tracks
There are 2 tracks at this station. On weekdays between 5:00 am – 2:00 pm, trains from Chicago run on track 2 and trains to Chicago run on track 1. After 2:00 pm, trains from Chicago run on track 1 and trains to Chicago run on track 2. On weekends all trains run on track 1, unless announced otherwise.
Bus connections
Pace
354 Harvey/Oak Forest Loop
364 159th Street
383 South Cicero
References
External links
Image of Oak Forest Station (Metra Railfan Photos)
159th Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
Metra stations in Illinois
Former Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad stations
Railway stations in Cook County, Illinois
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1900
Eunice Anderson (born 1922) is an American actor who has appeared in a number of films and episodes of television shows, as well as on stage. They received credit for appearing in the films Jeremy (1973), A League of Their Own (1992), The Narrows (2008), and Falling Awake (2009), as well as the made-for-television film Concealed Enemies (1984).
From 1960 to 1963 they lived in Europe and played theatre and film parts there. On stage, they were on Broadway as part of the cast of The Great Indoors in 1966 and Herzl in 1976. Off Broadway appearances have included Maids and The Three Sisters, among others. They appeared in The Chalk Garden in 1981. They also had a successful two-year run playing the role of Millie in The Hot l Baltimore at the Circle in the Square Theatre in Greenwich Village.
Them most recent television appearance was the "Country Drive" episode (2011) of Louie, where they portrayed the bigoted elderly great-aunt of the eponymous show's central character. Them performance was well received. Other appearances include Naked City, the "Bound" episode (2004) of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and the "Old People Creep Me Out" episode (2010) of the short-lived Gravity.
References
External links
Hollywood.com
Living people
1922 births
American film actores
21st-century American actores
Cleaning is the process of removing unwanted substances, such as dirt, infectious agents, and other impurities, from an object or environment.
Cleaning may also refer to:
Digital technology
Data cleansing or data cleaning, the process of detecting and correcting (or removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a record set, table, or database
Data scrubbing, an error correction technique applied to main memory or storage
Infrared cleaning, a technique used by some film scanners and flatbed scanners to reduce or remove the effect of dust and scratches upon the finished scan
Sanitization (classified information), the removal of sensitive information from a document or other message
Other uses
Cleaning (forestry), the practice of selecting desirable trees in a young stand and removing trees that threaten their development
Silviculture cleaning, the release of select saplings from competition by overtopping trees of a comparable age
Organizing, as in professional organizing
See also
Clean (disambiguation)
Cleanliness
Cleansing (disambiguation)
Blackburn with Darwen Borough Council is the local authority of Blackburn with Darwen in Lancashire. It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined. From 2020 to 2021, the Mayor of Blackburn with Darwen was Iftakhar Hussain of the Labour Party. On 15 February 2021, they resigned after breaching COVID-19 lockdown restrictions.
Former Labour group leader and councillor, Mohammed Khan, was Leader of the Council from May 2015 to May 2022 before their retirement at the 2022 United Kingdom local elections. They served as a borough councillor for 30 years. After the elections, they were replaced as leader by then-Deputy Leader of the Council, Councillor Phil Riley.
Political control
Since becoming a unitary authority in 1998 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
References
Unitary authority councils of England
Local education authorities in England
Local authorities in Lancashire
Leader and cabinet executives
Billing authorities in England
Local government in Blackburn with Darwen
San Benedetto fuori Porta San Paolo is a 20th-century parochial church and titular church on the southern edge of Rome, dedicated to Saint Benedict of Nursia.
History
San Benedetto fuori Porta San Paolo was built in 1916–1925. Don Giovanni Gregorucci helped Jews to hide in the church during The Holocaust. The building was damaged during the 1944 Liberation of Rome. Ferruccio Ferrazzi painted five tondi and an altarpiece for San Benedetto in 1949.
Pope John Paul II visited on 14 February 1988. On 28 June 1988, it was made a titular church to be held by a cardinal-deacon.
Cardinal-Protectors
Achille Silvestrini (1988–2019); promoted to cardinal-priest in 1999 but remained as titulus of San Benedetto fuori Porta San Paolo pro hac vice
References
External links
Titular churches
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1925
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Rome Q. X Ostiense
Puerto Marqués is a bay located on the Pacific Coast in the Mexican State of Guerrero. Approximately 10 kilometers (6.5 miles) south of the city of Acapulco, it is the second closest Pacific port to Mexico City, approximately three hundred kilometres southwest, just north of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. It has two main beaches for tourists and locals, Puerto Marqués Beach and Majahua Beach.
The oldest known pottery found in Mesoamerica, a culture area within the borders of Central America, was found at Puerto Marqués. "Pox" pottery discovered there has been dated to as early as 2400 BC, roughly 3500 years ago. During these times, most people were hunters and foragers, setting up camps and continuously migrating based on the seasons.
Geography
Puerto Marqués is located just south of present day Acapulco, in the Mexican state of Guerrero. Nearly half the terrain is mountainous, with the remainder being a mix of flat or slightly elevated. The area is hot, with a tropical climate with distinct seasonal wet and dry periods. Temperatures typically range on average all year around. Puerto Marqués is at the south end of a deep semi-circular (semi-enclosed) bay, and has a developing economy with buildings such as high rise hotels increasing in number.
History
The development of pottery has been documented at many Mesoamerican sites, and is typically seen as a sign of settlement. But in the Archaic period to which the pottery found at Perto Marqués was dated, the role of foragers and hunters was more prominent than the sedentary life, as agricultural developments were yet to be made and resources were used up from site to site as mobile bands moved around the countryside. Pottery and ceramics have often been found at archaeological sites of centuries past, as they preserve well and can allow for research. These artifacts can occur in many different ways. The earliest level excavated at Puerto Marqués had no ceramics, but the level above that yielded "Pox" pottery, so-called because of the pockmarks on its interior surface where bits of fiber temper burned away in the firing process. Temper is the material that is added to raw clay in order to heighten the clay vessel's durability, and the kind of temper (fiber, grit, shell, etc.) is a way to diagnose common traits that could indicate shared information regarding a technology. "Pox" pottery bears a red slip on the exterior, similar to ceramics from the Initial Formative period found in coastal Soconusco, and also to pottery found in Ecuador; some of these finds are dated even earlier.
The pottery found at Puerto Marqués serves as a way to relate and understand the makers' social structures, and socio-economic status within the context of their lives long ago.
References
Bibliography
Bahn, Paul. The Atlas of World Archaeology. Andromeda Oxford Ltd., 2001. pp. 153–181
Evans, Susan Toby. Ancient Mexico & Central America. Thames & Hudson Ltd., 2008.
Murray, Tim. Encyclopedia of Archaeology, History and Discoveries. ABC-CLIO Inc., 2001. pp. 870–878
Pearsall, Deborah. Encyclopedia of Archaeology. Academic Press, 2008. pp. 975–983
Ancient pottery
Pre-Columbian pottery
Mesoamerican artifacts
Archaeological sites in Guerrero
Kalladikodan hills are a range of hills immediately to the north of the Palghat Gap in Kerala, adjacent to the Tamil Nadu border.
Besides being a conspicuous landmark on the road route from Palakkad to Kozhikode, these hills are the source of numerous non-timber forest produce including Shilajit (called kanmadam—literally "stone-musk--in the local language), as well as numerous medicinal plants. In keeping with the rest of this section of the Western Ghats, these hills have a high degree of biodiversity.
Kalladikodan Hills are well-known for scenic beauty, and its waterfalls are a source of multiple rivers. Two prominent waterfalls are the Muthikulam waterfall and the Meenvallam waterfall.
From a sociological perspective, these hills are home to numerous elements of folklore dominated by several local divinities. Of these, the Kalladikodan Kari Neeli ("deep blue" Goddess) is a dominant figure in the Shakti school of Tantra and the mother of a host of chathans (minor divinities often portrayed as mischievous beings who could be controlled by adequately-trained human masters or shamans). The Kalladikodan hills have inspired numerous shaman-sorcerers and even a folk dance form called Neeliyattam. The lore of this ferocious goddess has also been captured in drama.
References
Kerala folklore
Hills of Kerala
Rayuan Pulau Kelapa (Solace on Coconut Island) is an Indonesian song written by Ismail Marzuki (1914-1958), who wrote a number of popular tunes in the country's early post-independence period. The lyrics praise Indonesia's natural beauty, such as its flora, islands and beaches, and profess undying love for the country.
The song is a nostalgic favourite among Indonesian expatriates, particularly those who left the country for the Netherlands in the 1940s and 1950s, after independence.
The 2016 Single "Satu Indonesiaku" includes the song in the medley "Zamrud Khatulistiwa", "Kolam Susu" and "Pemuda"
A recording of the song by Gordon Tobing was popular in the USSR in the 1950s. The song was extremely popular among Russians, was arranged by the Soviet Composer Vitaly Geviksman and performed in Russian by the singer Maya Golovnya (Russian text by V. Korchagin).
In 1956, the song recorded in Poland under the name "Indonezja" by Polish singer Janusz Gniatkowski.
In 1958, the song recorded in Finland under the name "Indonesia" by Estonian opera singer Georg Ots.
In 1980, the song recorded in Dutch under the name "Indonesië, ik hou van jou" by Dutch singer Anneke Grönloh.
Lyrics
Uses in media
During the New Order era, TVRI plays the song as its closedown tune every evening. In 2014, the station has been using the song again at closedown (replacing Bagimu Negeri by Kusbini), but currently the song is no longer shown. It is also used on Trans TV, Indosiar, DAAI TV, RTV, Trans7, Bandung TV, Banten TV, Inspira TV, Cahaya TV (2024-coming soon and replacing Bagimu Negeri by Kusbini) and CNN Indonesia.
Portion of the song is played as interval signal on RRI Pro 3 radio network.
Portion of the song in international TV also played and followed by both classical pieces such as William Tell's Storm and Flight of the Bumblebee.
References
External links
Indonesian patriotic songs
Indonesian culture
Indonesian songs
California Casualty Management Company is in the business of providing individuals with insurance coverage, in particular those in the fields of education, law enforcement, fire fighting, and nursing.
History
In 1914 Carl G. Brown, Sr. started California Casualty Indemnity Exchange as a customer-owned company offering workers' compensation insurance to California's new and growing industries. The company was based on Carl G. Brown, Sr.'s high ethical standards and business integrity. In 1917 California Casualty began offering auto insurance, followed by home insurance in 1954. Their son, Carl G. Brown, Jr. took over as chairperson in 1957 and, in 1965 codified their father's principles in the California Casualty Code.
In 1951 California Casualty pioneered what is now an industry trend of affinity insurance programs when it received the endorsement of the California Teachers Association (CTA) to provide auto and home insurance to its members. Sixty years later they still serve CTA and its members and expanded nationally with over 100 other endorsements including the National Education Association (NEA); many police, state trooper, and firefighter associations; and universities and medical centers.
In 1978, after Carl G. Brown, Jr. retired, their son, Tom Brown, carried on the family tradition and moved up to chairperson of the board. Under Tom's leadership the business expanded across the country when it received the NEA endorsement.
In 2007 Beau Brown continued as the fourth generation to head California Casualty, becoming the company's president and chief executive officer. In 2013, they were named chairperson and CEO and Joe Volponi became California Casualty's president. In 2021, Bob Nicolay temporarily stepped into the role of CEO with Brown remaining chairperson of the board.
In 2022 Jonathan Adkisson joins California Casualty as the new president and chief executive officer. Beau Brown continues as chairperson of the board and Bob Nicolay returns as a member of the board of directors.
Products and markets
They provide personal insurance programs for affinity groups and their members.
California Casualty offers auto insurance in 44 states and the District of Columbia and property insurance in 38 states and the District of Columbia.
They also offer personal liability umbrella, earthquake, flood, boat, recreational vehicle, snowmobile, and pet insurance through business partners.
Programs
Impact Teen Drivers - California Casualty Group teamed with the California Teachers Association (CTA) and the California Association of Highway Patrolmen (CAHP) to launch a teen driver awareness program aimed at saving young lives.
The program is geared directly toward the newest drivers — 10th graders — and it focuses on making them aware of the dangers of distracted driving. The public information campaign officially launched in April 2008. The website, What Do You Consider Lethal? gives teens a chance to learn from others' experiences of the impact of bad driving judgments.
Financials
California Casualty's policyholder-owned organization is rated B++ (Good) with a stable outlook by A.M. Best Company. California Casualty does not carry any debt on its balance sheet and has no liquidity issues. Their conservative investment philosophy prohibits exposure to the kinds of risks that have shaken Wall Street.
Legal structure
California Casualty Group comprises California Casualty Indemnity Exchange (the “Exchange”), and its four wholly owned subsidiary insurance companies: California Casualty Insurance Company, California Casualty & Fire Insurance Company, California Casualty General Insurance Company of Oregon and California Casualty Compensation Insurance Company. The insurance business of the Exchange and its subsidiary insurance companies is managed, by contract, by California Casualty Management Company, a separate and independent company. The relationship between California Casualty Management Company and the Exchange has been in place since the founding of the Exchange in 1914.
Advisory board
The Exchange is governed by a 17-person advisory board. The role of the advisory board is to supervise the finances of the Exchange and oversee the Exchange's relationship with its attorney-in-fact, California Casualty Management Company.
Locations
California Casualty's home office is located in San Mateo, California. The company operates three virtual call centers. The Colorado Springs, Colorado location opened in 1994. The call center in Leawood, Kansas opened in 1993. The center in Glendale, Arizona opened in 1999.
Contributions to the community
California Casualty serves the broader community in many ways. Employees dedicate significant time and effort in a variety of activities to raise money for heart disease and cancer research, and to help those less fortunate with food and gifts during the holidays. California Casualty also allows customers to reduce their mail by opting for electronic payments and document delivery.
The company fosters a culture of participation and volunteerism through a variety of programs in 44 states, including:
Adopt A School
American Heart Association
Athletics Grants
Care and Share Food Bank
Christmas Unlimited "Operation Back to School" and holiday toy drive
CTA Disaster Relief Fund
Help Your Classroom monetary donation program
Hurricane Harvey Relief
JPMorgan Chase Corporate Challenge Run
Kansas KVC Back to School Drive
Music & Arts Grant
LaPorte, TX Fire Department flood damage vehicles for extrication training in conjunction with SFFMA
National Fallen Firefighters Foundation Memorial and 9/11 Stair Climbs
National Volunteer Fire Council's Jr. Firefighter of the Year and Junior Firefighter Program of the Year
NEA Foundation's California Casualty Award for Teaching Excellence
Police Officers Relief and Education Foundation Wildfire Relief Fund
School Lounge Makeover
State affiliate charitable fund tournaments
The Salvation Army
While not a complete list of activities, it illustrates the corporate citizenship of California Casualty and its employees.
The Carl Brown, Jr. Award of Excellence
On January 1, 1980, the company established the Carl G. Brown, Jr. Award of Excellence, an annual award to be given to California Casualty Management Company employee for excellence in their performance of business activities and involvement in the community.
Although many companies have such annual awards for top-performing employees, the Carl Brown, Jr. Award of Excellence has a unique theme. Tom Brown felt that the award should have a permanent exhibit in the California Casualty Group's home offices. Edward J. Fraughton, a well-known artist from Utah was commissioned to create a sculpture of a mountain man. Fraughton created two pieces, the first entitled "Edge of Silence," is the permanent exhibit and the second entitled “The Pathfinder” is given as the annual award. The Carl G. Brown, Jr. Award goes to an employee for excellence in their performance of business activities and involvement in the community.
Competition
California Casualty does not serve the general public. They focus efforts on affinity niche market group members.
Service ratings
AM Best
California DOI's Consumer Complaint Study
References
External links
Official website
California Casualty Blog
Calcas Academic Award
Insurance companies of the United States
Companies based in San Mateo, California
Financial services companies established in 1914
1914 establishments in California
Financial services companies based in California
The Heart of Iowa Conference is a high school athletic conference in central Iowa that dates back to the 1970s. Members are a mixture between 3A and 2A, the second- and third-largest classes.
Current members
History
The conference was formed in 1966 by Ballard, Nevada, South Hamilton,Perry Community School and West Marshall after the disbanding of the Hawkeye Central Conference.
In 1967, Carlisle, Johnston and North Polk joined, and in 1970, Roland–Story joined from the West Central Conference.
As of 1992, the league had 10 schools in it. Bondurant–Farrar, Colfax–Mingo–Baxter, Colo–NESCO, Gilbert, Madrid, Ogden, and Woodward-Granger had joined, while Carlisle, Johnston, Nevada, and North Polk had departed.
Colfax–Mingo and Pleasantville were added to the conference in 1997, following the demise of the Des Moines River Conference. Pleasantville then left the league in 2001, and North Polk rejoined. In 2006, Prairie City-Monroe joined the league from the South Central Conference. In 2007, Madrid left for the West Central Conference and was replaced by former Raccoon River Conference member Jefferson-Scranton. In 2008, West Marshall left for the NICL. The 2009 season saw Woodward-Granger jump to the West Central Conference and Nevada re-joined the league from the Raccoon River Conference. In the 2010 season, Colo–NESCO jumped to Iowa Star Conference in every sport except sharing with CMB in soccer. Ogden left the conference in 2011, in order to join former conference foes Woodward-Granger and Madrid in the West Central Conference. Bondurant-Farrar made the jump to Raccoon River Conference starting in the 2011–12 school year. Grandview Park Baptist left the Heart of Iowa Conference before the softball season to go to Rolling Hills Conference. Saydel joined the conference beginning in the fall of the 2012–13 school year. In 2015, Colfax–Mingo left for the South Iowa Cedar League.
In 2017–18 season, Collins-Maxwell & Baxter split up their sharing agreement and both schools went to the Iowa Star Conference.
In 2018, both Gilbert and North Polk agreed to leave the HOIC for the Raccoon River Conference in the 2020–21 school year. Perry, a member of the RRC, was potentially looking to join the HOIC in exchange.
External links
Official site
References
High school sports in Iowa
Elena D'Orgaz was a Mexican actor of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
Selected filmography
Dreams of Love (1935)
El Rosario de Amozoc (1938)
The Whip (1939)
The Sign of Death (1939)
Borrasca humana (1940)
Saint Francis of Assisi (1944)
El Capitán Malacara (1945)
References
Bibliography
Darlene J. Sadlier. Latin American Melodrama: Passion, Pathos, and Entertainment. University of Illinois Press, 2009.
External links
Year of birth unknown
1947 deaths
Mexican film actores
20th-century Mexican actores
The 56th Air Refueling Squadron is an active unit of the United States Air Force. It is part of the 97th Operations Group at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It operates Boeing KC-46 Pegasus aircraft, conducting initial and advanced aircrew training for air refueling operations.
The squadron was first activated in 1942 as the 56th Troop Carrier Squadron. After training in the United States, the squadron moved to the Southwest Pacific Theater, where it conducted combat airlift operations against the Japanese until the surrender of Japan. It moved to Japan and served as part of the occupation forces until inactivating in 1946.
History
World War II
The squadron was first activated 18 November 1942 as the 56th Troop Carrier Squadron at Bowman Field, KY. After training in the United States, the squadron moved to New Guinea, where it conducted tactical airlift in the Southwest Pacific Theater. The unit participated in the airborne assault on Nadzab, New Guinea, on 5 September 1943 during World War II. After the surrender of Japan, the squadron moved to Tachikawa Airfield, where it participated in the military occupation of Japan until inactivating in 1946.
Reserve operations and Korean War
In August 1947, the squadron was activated at Greater Pittsburgh Airport as a reserve unit. It trained in the reserves until October 1950, when it was called to active duty for the Korean War. The squadron moved to Greenville Air Force Base and served on active duty until July 1952 when it was inactivated and its personnel and aircraft were transferred to the 18th Troop Carrier Squadron, which was simultaneously activated.
The same day it was inactivated at Greenville, the squadron returned to Pittsburgh and reserve service, where it assumed the mission, personnel and equipment of the 458th Troop Carrier Squadron, which was simultaneously inactivated. The squadron continued to train in the reserves until inactivating in 1957.
Airlift training
In 1966, Military Air Transport Service (MATS) became Military Airlift Command and replaced its former Major Command Controlled (MAJCON or 4 digit) units with AFCON units. As part of this transformation, the 56th replaced the 1740th Air Transport Squadron at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma in January 1966. The 1740th had been organized by MATS on 5 September 1951 as the 1740th Air Transport Squadron (Transition Training Unit) at McChord Air Force Base and was assigned to the 1705th Air Transport Wing. It moved to Palm Beach Air Force Base in July 1952 and to Tinker Air Force Base in March 1959 when MATS moved its training wing. At Tinker, the squadron provided training for aircrews in Douglas C-124 Globemaster II.
Redesignated 56 Military Airlift Squadron, Training, and activated on 27 Dec 1965. In January 1966, the 56th Military Airlift Squadron replaced the 1740th and continued to train Globemaster crews through 1968. With the arrival of the Air Force's first C-5 Galaxy on 17 December 1969, the 56th became the first operational C-5 squadron in the Air Force. It provided training and transition-flying training for aircrews in C-5 aircraft from 1969 to 2007. It also supported U.S. forces in Southeast Asia from April 1972 to December 1974.
The Squadron was re-designated as the 56th Airlift Squadron on 27 August 1991, becoming attached to the 97th Operations Group at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It operated Lockheed C-5 Galaxy aircraft, conducting initial and advanced aircrew training for airlift, airdrop and air refueling operations . The 56th Airlift Squadron was the Air Force's formal school for Lockheed C-5 Galaxy airland qualification training. The squadron transferred its C-5s in 2007, although it did not inactivate until September 2008.
The last C-5 Galaxy (0462) "flewaway" from Altus on 20 July 2007. It was transferred to 167th Airlift Wing, West Virginia Air National Guard.
Air refueling training
The Squadron was reactivated as the 56th Air Refueling Squadron on 1 August 2016 as the Air Force's Boeing KC-46A Pegasus formal training unit at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma, after eight years of dormancy. The Squadron received its first Boeing KC-46A Pegasus on 8 February 2019, followed by another two days later.
Operations
World War II
Lineage
Constituted as the 56th Troop Carrier Squadron on 12 November 1942
Activated on 18 November 1942
Inactivated on 25 March 1946
Activated in the reserves on 3 August 1947
Redesignated 56th Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium on 27 June 1949
Ordered to active service on 15 October 1950
Inactivated on 14 July 1952
Activated in the reserves on 14 July 1952
Inactivated on 16 November 1957
Redesignated 56th Military Airlift Squadron, Training and activated on 27 December 1965 (not organized)
Organized on 8 January 1966
Redesignated 56th Airlift Squadron on 27 August 1991
Inactivated on 30 September 2008
Redesignated 56th Air Refueling Squadron on 23 June 2016
Activated on 1 August 2016
Assignments
375th Troop Carrier Group, 12 November 1942 – 25 March 1946
375th Troop Carrier Group, 3 August 1947 – 14 July 1952
375th Troop Carrier Group, 14 July 1952 – 16 November 1957
Military Air Transport Service (later Military Airlift Command), 27 December 1965 (not organized)
443d Military Airlift Wing (later 443d Airlift Wing), 8 January 1966
443d Operations Group, 1 October 1991
97th Operations Group, 1 October 1992 – 30 September 2008
97th Operations Group, 1 August 2016 – present
Stations
Bowman Field, Kentucky, 18 November 1943
Sedalia Army Air Field, Missouri, 23 January 1943
Laurinburg-Maxton Army Air Base, North Carolina, 5 May 1943
Baer Field, Indiana, 2 June 1943 – 17 June 1943
Port Moresby Airfield Complex, New Guinea, c. 15 July 1943
Dobodura Airfield Complex, New Guinea, 2 August 1943
Port Moresby, New Guinea, 23 December 1943
Nadzab Airfield Complex, New Guinea, 22 April 1944
Biak, New Guinea, 19 September 1944
San Jose, Occidental Mindoro, Occidental Mindoro, Philippines, 27 February 1945
Porac, Pampanga, Philippines, c. 20 May 1945
Okinawa, c. 20 August 1945
Tachikawa Airfield, Japan, c. 20 September 1945 – 25 March 1946
Greater Pittsburgh Airport, Pennsylvania, 3 August 1947
Greenville Air Force Base, South Carolina, 16 October 1950 – 14 July 1952
Greater Pittsburgh Airport, Pennsylvania, 14 July 1952 – 16 November 1957
Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, 8 January 1966
Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma 20 January 1969 – 30 September 2008
Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma, 1 August 2016 – present
Aircraft
Douglas C-47 Skytrain (1942–1945)
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress (1944)
Curtiss C-46 Commando (1944–1946, 1952–1954)
Fairchild C-82 Packet (1949–1950)
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar (1954–1957)
Douglas C-124 Globemaster II (1966–1968)
Lockheed C-5 Galaxy (1969–2007)
Boeing KC-46 Pegasus (2019–present)
Retired smsgt Ernest Lyon 1985-1990
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
56th Airlift Squadron Fact Sheet
Military units and formations in Oklahoma
056
The discography of American rapper and producer JPEGMafia consists of four studio albums, two extended plays, eight mixtapes, two video albums and 27 singles (including seven as a featured artist).
JPEGMafia began their music career under the stage name Devon Hendryx, releasing eight mixtapes in total, as well as two video albums.
They released their debut studio album Black Ben Carson in February 2016. A few months later, they released a collaborative album titled The 2nd Amendment with fellow rapper Freaky. Their second solo studio album Veteran was released in January 2018 to widespread critical acclaim. In September 2019, they released their third studio album All My Heroes Are Cornballs, to further acclaim. It debuted at number 105 on the Billboard 200, becoming their first entry on the chart.
Albums
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
Mixtapes
Compilations
Visual albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Production credits
References
Discographies of American artists
Hip hop discographies
Archway School is a comprehensive co-educational school for pupils aged 11 to 18 in Stroud, Gloucestershire, England. The headteacher is Kieron Smith.
Set in at the western edge of the Cotswold town of Stroud, the school takes its name from a sandstone arch set close to the School's northern entrance. It is believed to be the only contemporary monument to the abolition of slavery in the British Empire. The residence of Henry William Wilberforce in Stroud is understood to be the main reason behind its construction.
The school has playing fields, including cricket nets, rugby and football pitches, a full size running track, tennis courts and a hockey redgra. The school has a heated indoor swimming-pool, and in 1997 opened a fully fitted sports centre including a dance room, gym and large sprung-floor hall. Cross-country running also commonly takes place across the nearby Randwick hills.
Archway has its own sixth form. It is part of the Stroud Post-16 Consortium with Downfield Sixth Form (a collaboration between Marling School and Stroud High School) and South Gloucestershire and Stroud College.
The sports centre includes the "Jack Russell Lounge," named after famous former student the England wicket keeper Robert "Jack" Russell.
David Drew, former MP for Stroud, visited the school.
Use in film
The BBC's 'The Casual Vacancy' was filmed at the school in 2014.
Notable alumni
Mike Cook
Stuart Nelson, goalkeeper
Jack Russell (cricketer, born 1963)
Tom Smith (musician)
Luke Jerram (Artist)
John Simpson (Artist)
Tamsin Malleson (Actor)
References
External links
Archway School
Stroud
Secondary schools in Gloucestershire
Community schools in Gloucestershire
The Siuslaw jetties ( ) at Florence, Oregon, in the United States, are parallel rubble-mound structures at the entrance of the Siuslaw River, bounding the north and south banks and protecting the navigation channel. The jetties extend into the Pacific Ocean, with spur jetties designed to reduce breakers and shoaling across the sand bar.
The U.S.Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) completed the jetties in 1917, and completed reconstruction and lengthening projects in 1962. USACE lengthened the jetties again in 1985, and spur jetties were added at that time to reduce shoaling and the need for dredging.
Description
The Siuslaw River enters the Pacific Ocean about 250 km (155 miles) south of the Columbia River. The jetties and spurs at the entrance are randomly-placed rubble-mound structures of armor stone weighing from 10,885-to 17,235-kg (12- to 19-tons). The jetties border the river channel on the north and south, and were built originally between 1910–1917, with the north jetty originally 2,957 m (9,700 ft) long, and the south jetty 1,980 m (6,500 ft) in length.
A 1963 study described the jetty and channel system:
By 1969, the north jetty had been rehabilitated and extended seaward 600 feet.
A later U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) inspection report said, "In 1985, the jetties at the mouth of the Siuslaw River were again extended seaward. The north jetty extension was 580 m (1,900 ft) long, and the south jetty extension was 670 m (2,200 ft)." Spurs were also added to the end of each jetty during the 1985 construction.
The report described the 1985 construction of spurs:
History
Prior to 1880, the Siuslaw River Valley was inhabited by the Siuslaw people, who used the river for transportation upstream by canoe for salmon runs or to reach hunting areas. The Coast Indian Reservation, including some Siuslaw lands, had been established in 1855, but from 1860 to 1875 the Siuslaw population declined from 129 to 45. Under the 1887 Dawes Act, land allotments were given in trust to the Siuslaws, but few were able to pay the property taxes. The decline in Siuslaw presence in the watershed brought the start of white settlement, and the expectation the river would be used by larger commercial craft to transport resources and goods.
1879 to 1910
The General Land Office Survey 1879 (Florence area) rated the quality of the land along the coast as above average, and evaluated the resources available. Under the "Act to Improve Rivers and Harbors" of June 14, 1880, the USACE furnished reports on navigability of U.S. rivers. The 1880 report described Florence as "the name of the postoffice on the Siuslaw -- a small settlement of five houses and about a dozen inhabitants". It said, "The river enters the ocean in a westerly direction, through an entrance 600 feet wide and 24 feet depth at low-water, between sandy shores. It has no headland on either side, and shifts from year to year north or south. Two years ago the mouth of the river was at least 1 mile north of its present position." It also reported one channel across the bar which was about a quarter mile from the entrance, with reported depth of "8 feet at low water". The report concluded, "The people living on the river... think that no improvement is required; all they ask is that an accurate survey be made and the depth on the bar be officially declared. When this is done and the entrance buoyed, it is thought small steamers and schooners can be induced to run into the river, and reasonable insurance can be obtained on their cargoes."
The second survey, in 1887, reported a Florence population of about 250, and said,
In 1891, the USACE began work on the Siuslaw north jetty. By 1892, ships were crossing the bar to carry freight in and out of the harbor at Florence, Oregon. A local newspaper reported that the steamer Chance was carrying a load of railroad iron down the Siuslaw, "probably for the U.S. government to be used in the Siuslaw jetty work." At that time, there were two channels crossing the bar at the mouth of the river, with the south channel the deeper at 12 feet.
The USACE began constructing a tramway in late 1892, spending approximately $70,000 in the first two years to transport rock that had been brought down river by barge from a quarry in Mapleton. In 1894, Daniel Kern of Portland was contracted to build 1000 feet of jetty for $11,250.50 According to The World, "The fight to gain funds went on and although the jetties were unfinished and the bar crossing perilous, large boats still crossed the bar. During this period several boats were swamped on the bar or beached near the entrance." Rep. Binger Hermann secured funds in 1896 for "continuation of the work on the Siuslaw harbor".
By 1900, the jetties were still under construction, slowed by inadequate funding and the inherent difficulties of building underwater with active river and ocean currents. $20,000 had been spent in 1894, followed by $27,000 in 1896. The construction process involved setting pilings for the railway to support the tram, which was used to transport rock to the site of the jetty. A contractor commented to a reporter in 1900, while giving a tour of the building site via the tram, "...here is our trouble in a nutshell: we are dumping this rock into fifty feet of water; you can fancy how long it takes this filling to appear above the surface, and in the meantime the tide or rough water plays havoc with our piling. A lew weeks ago we lost $1000 in timber and iron in a single night."
As of about 1903, pending acquisition of additional funding, jetty work was abandoned, with approximately 3,000 feet of the north jetty completed.
In 1909 I. B. Cushman of Cushman, Oregon, helped form the Port Commission and gained congressional approval of their bylaws. When the 1910 Rivers and Harbors Act required local interests to pay half the costs of federal construction projects, the Port Commission sold $324,000 in retirement bonds.
1912 to 1929
By the beginning of 1912, a total of $100,000 had been spent constructing the south jetty and approximately 3,000 feet of the jetty on the north bank. However, the part of north jetty already built had deteriorated and needed to be rehabilitated. Assistant U.S. Engineer W.G.Carroll was appointed to take charge of the reconstruction and building an additional 3,000 feet of the north jetty, and also to supervise work on the south jetty to be completed by contractors Johnson, Anderson & Co. The federal government and the Port Commission of Siuslaw shared costs.
When the jetty work withstood a large storm in 1915, the Oregon Daily Journal said, "The fact that they stood up under the terrific pounding that they have been given for the past two weeks show that the work is of the most stable kind."
The jetties were completed in 1917, and further inner harbor improvements in 1929, at a total cost for the project of more than $1,00,000.
1957 to 1969
By 1957, Sen. Richard L. Neuberger and Rep. Charles O. Porter of Eugene supported a Florence jetty reconstruction project. After Lane County built up the Coast Guard Road next to the north jetty, rehabilitation and additional dredging projects in 1958 and 1962 added 600 feet to the north jetty, deepened the entrance channel to 18 feet and the channel to Florence to 16 feet, and widened and deepened a 12-foot channel from Florence to Mapleton. The Eugene Guard reported, "extension of the jetty will be about 100 feet less than originally planned", due to the expense of additional quarried rock at the end of the jetties, in deeper water than had been anticipated. These projects were completed in 1969.
1982 to 1988
In December 1982, Congress approved $4 million to finance the first stage of a proposed $34-million extension of both jetties at the mouth of the Siuslaw River.
In 1983 the USACE contracted with Kiewit Pacific Company of Vancouver, Washington to lengthen the jetties "to keep sand from drifting into the estuary and clogging the port's boat channel". The $25 million project was to triple the length of the jetties, in an effort to eliminate 75 percent of the need for yearly dredging. Rock for the extensions was to be quarried near Mapleton.
Kiewit Pacific received a permit to use rock quarried on Siuslaw National Forest land near Mapleton, as well as use of the South Jetty Road in the Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area, as the access road for rock hauled to the south jetty. In use for a little more than a year, the quarry was closed in February 1985. In 1985, the project was completed, lengthening the jetties and adding the spurs.
Studies of the Siuslaw jetties
Following the 1962 reconstruction and extension of the north jetty, the USACE developed a scale model to investigate design criteria for rehabilitation of the south jetty. According to the report, "Three designs for the trunk section and two for the head section were tested under various stillwater depths for both high and low tide, and for a range of wave heights and periods with the waves attacking the jetty sections at angles of 90 and 0 deg." The report made specific design recommendations on the number of layers, shapes of armor stones, and placement of the rock to repair and construct different areas of the jetty's trunk and head section.
The question of how the jetties affect sand drift and beach erosion was studied in 1975. J.R. Lizarraga Arciniega found "a seasonal reversal in the sand drift, but with a zero or near zero net drift over a several years time span".
Lizarraga Arciniega described the drift:
Between 1981 and 1991 the Coastal Engineering Research Center of the USACE conducted studies on "the impact of the jetty design on the entire area, including sediment shoaling in the channel and beach erosion or build-up". The World of Coos Bay described the study:
The USACE's 1995 study of the effectiveness of the spur jetties collected bathymetric data on currents around the jetties using "helicopter-borne near-shore survey system". The study concluded, "...the 1985 jetty improvements are a success... Navigability has been improved, construction cost of the spur system was estimated to be approximately $5 million less than the original design cost estimate for jetty extension... and annual maintenance dredging requirements have been reduced to approximately 100,000 cu yd".
See also
Breakwater (structure)
Causeway
Coastal engineering
Groyne
Mole (architecture)
Notes
References
External links
Siuslaw River Bar Hazards
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Lane County, Oregon
Breakwaters
Coastal engineering
Coastal construction
The 1964 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1964 NCAA University Division football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
WorldSkills organizes the world championships of vocational skills and is held every two years in different parts of the world. The organization, which also hosts conferences about vocational skills, describes itself as the global hub for skills.
WorldSkills brings together young people, industry, government, education, and institutions, to promote the benefits of and need for skilled trade professionals. The aims of the competition include demonstrating the advantages of learning a vocational skill, and encouraging 'parity of esteem' between vocational and academic qualifications.
The city of Kazan, Russia, hosted the 45th WorldSkills Competition in 2019.
At the previous event, WorldSkills Abu Dhabi 2017, there were competitions in 51 skills areas with close to 1,300 young people taking part. WorldSkills Abu Dhabi 2017, took place between 15 and 18 October 2017 at Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
WorldSkills currently has 85 Member countries and regions, most of which organize national skills competitions that help to prepare the workforce and talent of today for the jobs of the future.
WorldSkills International, formerly known as the International Vocation Training Organization (IVTO), was founded in the 1940s and emerged from a desire to create new employment opportunities for young people in some of the economies that were devastated by the Second World War.
Overview
Governed by an international Board of Directors and administered by the WorldSkills Secretariat, WSI's mission is "To raise the profile and recognition of skilled people, and show how important skills are in achieving economic growth and personal success".
Among its main objectives are:
Promote the exchange between young professionals from various regions of the world.
Exchange of skills, experience and technological innovations.
Raise the understanding in governments, education and industry to the importance of skills training.
Raise the awareness of youth and those who influence youth to the opportunities available in skilled professions.
Medals are awarded during the competition: gold, silver and bronze. Medallions for Excellence are also awarded to those Competitors who achieve above-average scores in their contest areas.
Competitions
The WorldSkills Competition is currently held every two years.
Previous Competitions
By country
Future Competitions
WorldSkills Shanghai 2022
The 46th WorldSkills event will be held in Shanghai, as confirmed by the WorldSkills General Assembly in October 2017. The event was originally scheduled for September 2021, but due to the COVID-19 global pandemic, it was decided to shift the event to 2022. The actual rescheduled date is not yet finalized but is expected to be held from 12 to 17 of October 2022, The slogan for WorldSkills Shanghai 2022 is “New Youth, New Skills, New Dream”.
WorldSkills Lyon 2024
Lyon, France was selected as the host city for the 47th WorldSkills competition. Originally scheduled for 12-17 September 2023, it has been moved back one year due to the decision to postpone by one year the 46th Worldskills event originally scheduled to be held in 2021 due to the COVID-19 global pandemic. This will be the second time that France has hosted the WorldSkills competition, the first time being in 1995.
Medals and awards
2015 Medal Table
2017 Medal Table
2019 Medal Table
Members
Chinese Taipei
List of the trades represented in WorldSkills
Construction and building technology
Architectural Stone masonry
Bricklaying
Cabinetmaking
Carpentry
Concrete Construction Work
Electrical Installations
Joinery
Landscape Gardening
Painting and Decorating
Plastering and Drywall Systems
Plumbing and Heating
Refrigeration and Air Conditioning
Wall and Floor Tiling
Creative arts and fashion
Fashion Technology
Florist arts
Graphic Design Technology
Jewellery
Visual Merchandising/Window Dressing
3D Digital Game Art
Information and communication technology
Cybersecurity
Information Network Cabling
IT Network Systems Administration
IT Software Solutions for Business
Print Media Technology
Web Design
Manufacturing and engineering technology
CNC Milling
CNC Turning
Construction Metal Work
Electronics
Industrial Control
Industrial Mechanic Millwright
Manufacturing Team Challenge
Mechanical Engineering CAD
Mechatronics
Mobile Robotics
Plastic Die Engineering
Poly mechanics and Automation
Prototype Modelling
Welding
Water Technology
Social and personal services
Bakery
Beauty Therapy
Cooking
Hairdressing
Health and Social Care
Pâtisserie and Confectionery
Restaurant Service
Transportation and logistics
Aircraft Maintenance
Auto body Repair
Automobile Technology
Car Painting
Heavy Vehicle Maintenance
The list was updated to reflect the trades that were covered at the 45th WorldSkills competition held in Kazan, Russia in August 2019.
References
External links
Competitions
Recurring events established in 1950
1950 establishments in Spain
Sünlü, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Earl Cedric Ravenal (March 29, 1931 – August 31, 2019) was an American foreign policy analyst, academic, and writer. They served as a distinguished senior fellow in foreign policy studies at the Cato Institute and professor emeritus of the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service.
Ravenal was raised in Providence, Rhode Island. They graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard University, and received a Henry Fellowship to Cambridge University in England. They attended the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration Middle Management Program. Ravenal earned their MA and PhD from The Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, where they taught prior to their appointment to Georgetown University.
Ravenal served as a division director in the Office of United States Secretary of Defense from 1967 to 1969, under Secretaries of Defense Robert McNamara and Clark Clifford.
In addition to writing several books on the topic of U.S. foreign policy, Ravenal wrote over 200 articles and papers for various publications including The New York Times, The Washington Post, and Foreign Affairs.
They were a candidate for the Libertarian Party's presidential nomination in the 1984 election, finishing second to the party's eventual nominee, David Bergland.
Ravenal died on August 31, 2019 at their secondary residence in Trappe, Maryland.
Published works
References
External links
Earl C. Ravenal, Distinguished Senior Fellow, Cato Institute
1931 births
2019 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
American foreign policy writers
American male non-fiction writers
Candidates in the 1984 United States presidential election
Cato Institute people
Walsh School of Foreign Service faculty
Harvard University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
People from Providence, Rhode Island
Washington, D.C., Libertarians
Tiongui is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali near the border with the Ivory Coast. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,004.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The 1899 Johns Hopkins Blue Jays football team represented Johns Hopkins University during the 1899 college football season.
Schedule
References
Johns Hopkins
Johns Hopkins Blue Jays football seasons
Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association football champion seasons
Johns Hopkins Blue Jays football
Calypso Mama, real name Maureen Verlene Duvalier, (born 14 May 1926) is a legendary Bahamian blues/calypso artist.
Early life
Calypso Mama was born to Bahamian parents. Them grandfather on their father's side is from Haiti and is related to former dictator, François Duvalier.
Famous Songs
Yes, Yes, Yes (2:53)
References
Calypsonians
Bahamian singers
Bahamian people of Haitian descent
Children's Hospital & Medical Center is a non-profit regional pediatric specialty health care center located in Omaha, Nebraska. The 145-bed hospital is the only free-standing children's hospital in Nebraska and serves patients from throughout its home state, western Iowa, South Dakota, northern Kansas and northwestern Missouri. The hospital provides more than 30 pediatric specialty clinics for a variety of specialized needs including asthma, cardiology, neurology, pediatric cancer, neonatal intensive care follow-up, diabetes, and physical, occupational, and speech therapies. The hospital also offers the Carolyn Scott Rainbow House, a home-away-from-home for families of patients.
History
Children's Hospital & Medical Center opened as Children's Memorial Hospital on March 14, 1948. The institution was founded by Dr. C.W.M. Poynter, dean of the University of Nebraska Medical Center, and Henry Doorly, publisher of the Omaha World-Herald. The men shared a vision that no child in need of medical care would be turned away due to an inability to pay. Shortly after opening, a polio epidemic engulfed the nation and the region.
The first facility was built at 42nd and Dewey in Midtown Omaha at the cost of $850,000. Funded by a community-wide penny drive, more than 30,000 people in Nebraska and western Iowa made additional contributions, as well. The hospital moved to the corner of 83rd and Dodge Street in 1981, and nineteen years later, in 2000, the hospital moved to a state-of-the-art facility at 8200 Dodge Street, across the road from its previous location. An expansion effort to address a growing need for pediatric specialty outpatient care culminated in the opening of the Children's Specialty Pediatric Center, adjacent to the main hospital building, in 2010.
Awards
The Children's Hospital & Medical Center in Omaha, Nebraska has been recognized as one of the leading pediatric hospitals and has been awarded the 2019 Women's Choice Award for Best Children's Hospitals.
See also
Hospitals in Omaha, Nebraska
References
Limprecht, H.J. (1973) A Chance To Live: The Story of Children's Memorial Hospital of Omaha; Omaha, Nebraska; Children's Memorial Hospital.
External links
Children's Hospital & Medical Center official website.
Hospital buildings completed in 1948
Hospital buildings completed in 1981
Hospital buildings completed in 2000
Hospitals in Omaha, Nebraska
Children's hospitals in the United States
Pediatric trauma centers
Ernest Blythe (; 13 April 1889 – 23 February 1975) was an Irish journalist, managing director of the Abbey Theatre, and politician who served as Minister for Finance from 1923 to 1932, Minister for Posts and Telegraphs and Vice-President of the Executive Council from 1927 to 1932 and Minister for Local Government from 1922 to 1923. They were a Senator for the Labour Panel from 1934 to 1936. They served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Monaghan constituency from 1921 to 1933 and Member of Parliament (MP) for Monaghan North from 1918 to 1922.
Early life
Blythe was born to a Church of Ireland and unionist family in the townland of Magheraliskmisk, Maghaberry, County Antrim, in 1889. They were the son of James Blythe, a farmer, and Agnes Thompson. They were educated locally, at Maghaberry Cross Roads primary school. At the age of fifteen they started working as a clerk in the Department of Agriculture in Dublin.
Seán O'Casey invited Blythe to join the Irish Republican Brotherhood, which Blythe accepted. They were 18 at the time. They also joined Conradh na Gaeilge, where their first Irish teacher was Sinéad Flanagan, the future wife of Éamon de Valera. They were hesitant to join at first because they were an Ulster Protestant and was afraid they would be kicked out. They "converted to Sinn Féin" after reading the 'Sinn Féin newspaper'.
Early career
In 1909, Blythe became a junior news reporter with the North Down Herald and stayed with the paper till 1913. During this period of their life they had dual membership of the Orange Order and the IRB. On 26 September 1910 Blythe joined the Newtownards Orange Order and remained in the Order until 14 February 1912.
To improve their knowledge of the Irish language, they went to the County Kerry Gaeltacht where they worked as an agricultural labourer to earn their keep.
They were at one point the "centre" or head of the Belfast IRB but was asked to step down by Bulmer Hobson and Denis McCullough so that McCullough could be promoted to a higher office.
During this time, they were the organizer for the Irish Volunteers in County Clare before 1916. Their activity spread all over the south-west region to counties Kerry, Cork, Limerick and Clare. They became Captain of the Lipsole Company (of actors) and toured the region with a list of names of people to recruit. Blythe was one of the few organisers sent out into the country (others were Liam Mellows and Ernie O'Malley) and with little qualification was largely self-taught. Supplies were few and far between, as well as spasmodic. IRA GHQ were loth to commit scant resources. But Blythe was expected to drill, and train their men, as well avoid conscription.
Blythe was regularly arrested 1913-15 under the Defence of the Realm Act 1914, when they were finally ordered to be deported from Ireland in July 1915: some of the others on the writ were Liam Mellows, Herbert Pim, and Denis McCullough. Blythe's place was taken by Desmond Fitzgerald. They refused to transport to Britain so was sent to spend three months in Crumlin Road prison, Belfast. On 30 March 1916, a large crowd assembled outside the Mansion House in Dublin to protest against Blythe's and Mellows's deportation. Two police officers were shot at.
Thus, the authorities sent them to a town in Berkshire. They then failed to report to police and was sent to Oxford Prison, Blythe was unable to participate in the Easter Rising due to their imprisonment there. From Oxford, they were sent to Brixton Prison then transferred to Reading Prison. They were released at Christmas 1916, and was ordered never to return to Ireland. However, they returned to Belfast where they were later detained. They were later released and went to Skibbereen to edit the Southern Star which had been purchased by Sinn Féin. They ignored a (British Army) court martial to leave Munster, which resulted in a 12 months imprisonment in Dundalk and Belfast. During their time in Dundalk, they went on hunger strike for several days.
They married Anne McHugh in 1919.
Political career
Revolutionary period
Blythe first became involved in electoral politics in 1918 when Sinn Féin won the general election of 1918 and they became a TD for Monaghan North. They also served as the Minister for Trade and Commerce until 1922.
Blythe was implacably opposed to conscription. In an article entitled 'Ruthless Warfare' they described conscription as an "atrocity".
We must decide that in our resistance we shall acknowledge no limit and no scruple ... [man who] assists directly or by connivance in this crime against us should be killed without mercy or hesitation.... The man who serves on an exemption tribunal, the doctor who examines conscripts, the man who voluntarily surrenders when called for, the man who applies exemption, the man who drives a police car or assists in the transport of army supplies, must be shot or otherwise destroyed with the least possible delay.
The possibility of enforcing conscription alienated people across the island of Ireland from British policy in general. Instead a war of words emerged in which single issues, like conscription, would serve cohere to a general desire for Irish cultural identity and separation.
Awareness of religious differences was acute: for their part, Blythe noticed that there was a Catholic priest in the IRB. Being a moderate, Blythe was a strong supporter of the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921.
Minister for Finance
Consequently they became Minister for Finance in W. T. Cosgrave's first government in 1923. Until 2014 when Heather Humphreys was appointed as a Minister, they were the "only specifically northern protestant to have served at cabinet level in the 26 County state." They were also Minister for Posts and Telegraphs from 1922 to 1932 and Vice-President of the Executive Council.
Blythe was committed to keeping a balanced budget at all costs, which was not at all easy. The Irish Civil War had placed an enormous strain on the nascent Irish Free State, with public spending almost doubling during its course. As a result, Blythe was confronted with a projected budget of more than £8 million for the following year when the national debt already stood at £6 million. There was widespread criticism when they reduced old-age pensions from 10 shillings (50p) to 9 shillings (45p) a week in the June 1924 Old Age Pensions Act. This has long been popularly credited for the fall of the Cumann na nGaedheal government, although this would not occur for another nine years.
In 1926, as Minister for Finance, they introduced the Coinage Bill so that Ireland had "a coinage distinctively our own, bearing the devices of this country." It was not until 12 December 1928 that the new coins, designed by Percy Metcalfe, were put into circulation. The delay was due to controversy over the animal designs chosen by the government-appointed committee, chaired by W.B. Yeats, set up to advise on the design of the coins.
Blythe funded the Shannon hydroelectric scheme during the late 1920s. Despite their austerity policies in relation to the old and the poor, Blythe readily funded pet projects; in just one year, 1929, their Department of Finance allocated £6,400 – a huge sum at the time – for translation into Irish of novels including Dracula by Bram Stoker. In 1930 they wrote in the Star whether "the gods of democracy have not feet of clay ... the franchise in the hands of an ignorant and foolish populace is a menace to the country".
Cumann na nGaedheal had a very conservative economic policy at the start of the 1930s, seeing their role as running a tight financial ship, facilitating trade, and not intervening in the economy. Between 1929 and 1935, the last three years of their time as Finance Minister and the first three years of a Fianna Fáil government, Free State agricultural exports fell in value by almost 63% from 35 million pounds to 13.5 million pounds annually, and the state's total export value to Britain fell from 43.5 million to 18 million pounds, another drop of over 50%.
Into opposition, joining the Blueshirts
At the 1933 general election, Blythe lost their seat. Shortly afterwards they participated in the formation of the Blueshirts. At an Army Comrades Association executive meeting in February 1933, they proposed that the colour blue be the colour of the uniform of the new organization. In April 1933, the ACA began wearing the distinctive blue shirt uniform. Blythe prepared the speeches of Blueshirt leader Eoin O'Duffy and participated in Blueshirt (now officially called the National Guard) meetings all over the country. They also cultivated fascist ideology within the Blueshirts, and envisaged the movement as an all-powerful 'state within the state'. However, following an aborted attempt at a political parade in Dublin, the National Guard was banned. Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party merged to form a new party, Fine Gael, on 3 September 1933.
In January 1934, Blythe was elected to fill a vacancy in the Senate created by the death of Ellen Cuffe, Countess of Desart. They served in the Senate until the institution was abolished in 1936. They then retired from active political life. In the 1940s a fascist and anti-Semitic party called Ailtirí na hAiséirghe was formed, it was led by Gearóid Ó Cuinneagáin. which Blythe supported. They had been a member of the Craobh na Aiséirghe branch of the Gaelic league which was the predecessor of the party. They advised Ó Cuinneagáin on the drafting of the party's constitution, gave it backing in their journal The Leader, as well as making financial contributions. Blythe supported the idea of a one-party state stating it could fill the gap left in Irish society created by the destruction of the tanistry system.
During The Emergency in Ireland during World War II Blythe was of concern to the G2 whose intelligence files referred to them as a potential "Irish Quisling".
Abbey Theatre
While Minister of Finance, Ernest Blythe granted a small annual subsidy to the Abbey Theatre. This made the Abbey Theatre the first state subsidised theatre in the English-speaking world. In 1935, from an invitation from W.B. Yeats, they became a director of the Abbey Theatre. Between 1941 and 1967 they served as managing director of the Abbey Theatre. They remained a director until 1972.
Blythe was highly criticised during their time as Managing Director. It was said that they rejected many good plays in favour of those which were more financially rewarding and ran the theatre into the ground as a creative force.
Upon criticism of Blythe only performing comedies, they replied: "There is no reason, snobbery apart. Why, in their plays, dramatists should boycott ordinary dwellings. Most people in Ireland are the habituees of farmhouse kitchens, city tenements or middle-class sitting-rooms and their loves and hates, disappointments and triumphs, grief's and joys, are just as interesting and amusing, or as touching, as those of, shall we say alliteratively, denizens of ducal drawing-rooms, or boozers in denizened brothels".
Blythe brought to prominence several Irish dramatists. These included Brian Friel, Seamus Byrne, Micheal J. Mollow and Hugh Leonard.
It was through Blythe's efforts that the new Abbey Theatre was built. They were responsible for raising £750,000 to rebuild the theatre which had been destroyed by fire on 18 July 1951. In August 1967, Blythe resigned as Managing Director of the Abbey Theatre. They remained as a member of the theatre board until 1972. They were also an active member of the Television Authority.
Partition and later life
In January 1922, during the Treaty Debates, they said that nationalists had the right to coerce the six counties of Ulster to be a part of a united Ireland. They added, however, "as we pledged ourselves not to coerce them, it is as well that they should not have a threat of coercion above them all the time", while also believing there is "no prospect of bringing about the unification of Ireland within any reasonable period of time by attacking the North East".
Blythe wrote a book Briseadh na Teorann (The smashing of the border) which was published in 1955. It was a revised account of the partition question regarding the divide between the North and South of Ireland. Blythe opposed coercion as a method of achieving a united Ireland: "Partitionist practitioners of violence do more to keep Partition in being than the most extreme section of orangemen". They also challenged the republican belief regarding who was to blame for partition:;"There would be twenty times for truth in describing partition as Ireland's crime against themselves than in describing it according to our propagandist formula as England's crime against Ireland". This book did not earn much recognition, selling only 300-350 copies in the first four months, in part possibly because it was in Irish. One author, however, considers Blythe's writings on the partition question both pioneering and influential.
Throughout their life Blythe was committed to the revival of the Irish language. They encouraged Micheál MacLiammóir and Hilton Edwards to found an Irish language theatre in Galway.
They published three volumes of autobiography: Trasna na Bóinne (1957), Slán le hUltaibh (1969) and Gaeil á Múscailt (1973).
Ernest Blythe died on 23 February 1975. Their funeral service was held in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin.
Influence on society
Blythe saw their role in politics, as previously stated in this article, as having to keep the economy balanced at all times, this is why their name has 'established a public notoriety far beyond' political circles. During their tenure, 'taxation remained low as did spend'. Blythe's subsidy to The Abbey Theatre influenced the performing arts in Irish society.
References
Bibliography
1889 births
1975 deaths
Cumann na nGaedheal TDs
Early Sinn Féin TDs
Far-right politics in Ireland
Fine Gael senators
Irish Presbyterians
Irish anti-communists
Irish fascists
Members of the 1931 Seanad
Members of the 1934 Seanad
Members of the 1st Dáil
Members of the 2nd Dáil
Members of the 3rd Dáil
Members of the 4th Dáil
Members of the 5th Dáil
Members of the 6th Dáil
Members of the 7th Dáil
Members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Monaghan constituencies (1801–1922)
Ministers for Finance (Ireland)
Ministers for Health (Ireland)
People from Lisburn
People of the Irish Civil War (Pro-Treaty side)
Politicians imprisoned during the Irish revolutionary period
Protestant Irish nationalists
UK MPs 1918–1922
Vice-Presidents of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State
Ministers for Enterprise, Trade and Employment
Ross Peaks () is a series of elevations rising to about 450 m and trending NW-SE between Ferguslie Peninsula and Fitchie Bay in Laurie Island, South Orkney Islands. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1987 after Alastair Ross, taxidermist on the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition, 1902–04, led by W.S. Bruce.
Laurie Island
Mountains of the South Orkney Islands
Carly Craig (born June 12, 1980) is an American actor.
Background
Born and raised in San Diego, California, Craig comes from a large Italian-Irish family that includes two professional baseball players: their father, Rocky Craig, a scout for the Seattle Mariners; and younger brother, Casey Craig. Them mother, Marz Moore (née Olson), is a flight attendant for American Airlines. They have one sister and two brothers, and is the step-sister of entertainer Mandy Moore and their brothers (Carly's mother remarried Mandy's father).
Career
Craig studied at The Stella Adler Academy and The Second City, where they later graduated. They met famed manager Bernie Brillstein while waiting tables and decided to put on a comedy show with their classmates. Brillstein came to that show, and soon after, signed them as a client. Director David Wain cast Craig in Role Models as the love interest for Seann William Scott. Other projects would include Mike Leigh's critically lauded live show Ecstasy, Neil LaBute's Bash, The Farrelly Brothers Hall Pass, The Three Stooges, and Dumb and Dumber To as young Fraida Felcher. On television, she's recurred on Stephen Merchant's HBO series Hello Ladies, Ben Stiller's Burning Love, and ABC's American Housewife as Tara Summers.
Craig was listed as a "Vanities Girl" for the April 2011 edition of Vanity Fair along with Kristen Bell, Leslie Mann and Mila Kunis, and was also ranked No. 83 on the "Maxim Hot 100 List" in 2011. They have appeared in Esquire and appeared in Kevin Farley's film Paranormal Movie in 2013. In 2014, they appeared as a young Fraida Felcher in Dumb and Dumber To, and also starred as a single air flight attendant in the Adult Swim series Infomercials. In 2018, they co-created and starred in Sideswiped, a comedy TV series.
Filmography
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American film actores
American television actores
21st-century American women
Andrew Scott Bell (born 21 February 1966) is an Australian lawyer and judge currently serving as the Chief Justice of New South Wales.
They were a Rhodes Scholar for New South Wales, practised as a barrister-at-law and an adjunct professor at the University of Sydney, and from 2019 was the President of the New South Wales Court of Appeal. On 7 March 2022, Bell was sworn in as the new Chief Justice of New South Wales , succeeding Tom Bathurst, who retired on 5 March 2022.
Early life
Bell is the son of economist Dr Harold Bell and art historian Dr Pamela Bell . Their father had bachelor's degrees in arts and economics, a Masters of Commerce from the University of Melbourne, and a doctorate from the London School of Economics, and become a well-known economist and public commentator. Their mother holds an honours degree in fine arts, a master's degree and a doctorate. They became the first curator of the University of Sydney's art collection and is highly regarded as an art historian. Bell grew up on the North Shore of Sydney and attended four schools, Balmoral Infants, Mosman Primary, Neutral Bay Opportunity and Sydney Grammar School. At Sydney Grammar they captained the school cricket team.
Academic life
Bell began their legal studies at the University of Sydney. They graduated in 1989 with a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws with first class honours in both degrees, and receiving the University Medal in both. Bell also received the Sydney University Convocation Medal. They obtained a prize in Roman law studying under Arthur Emmett (who subsequently became a Judge of the same Court). They were also a medallist in Economic History and Law at the University of Sydney (where they were a resident from 1985 to 1989 at St Paul's College). They became a member of the College Council in 2004, and continued to serve as a member until 2013. They also served as Deputy Chairman between 2010 and 2013. They were later in 2018 to commission a sculpture by Ayako Saito called “Heaven's Door” for the college.
In 1990, Bell was a Rhodes Scholar for New South Wales to undertake a Bachelor of Civil Law at the University of Oxford. They graduated with First Class Honours and was awarded the Vinerian Scholarship for first place in the BCL. They subsequently completed their doctorate at the University of Oxford under the supervision of Adrian Briggs, who Bell subsequently worked with on various pieces of transnational litigation. The following year they earned their doctorate from Oxford University. Their thesis formed the basis for their book Forum Shopping and Venue in Transnational Litigation published by Oxford University Press. They were later to become a selection committee member with the Australian Rhodes Scholar's Association.
Legal career
In 1990–1991, Bell was the Associate to the then Chief Justice of the High Court, Anthony Mason. It was there they met their wife, Joanna Bird, the Associate to Justice Michael McHugh. They were admitted as a barrister in 1995 and read with Phil Greenwood in Eleven Wentworth chambers. They took silk in 2006 as a Senior Counsel. They had a broad national practice and appeared in both trials and appeals, as well as an extensive international arbitration practice. They appeared in more than 30 High Court appeals.
They were Treasurer, then Senior Vice President of the New South Wales Bar Association, a past chairperson of the Professional Conduct Committee of that Association and was for many years the editor of that Association's journal titled "Bar News".
They were twice the chairperson of their chambers, Eleven Wentworth Chambers. They were a member of "Wentworth Wombats", described in their swearing-in speech as being "one of the finest cricket teams ever to leave these shores but never to taste success".
In 2008 they were appointed an Adjunct Professor at Sydney University Law School where they taught Private International Law. Bell is a co-author of Nygh's Conflict of Laws in Australia.
Bell is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Law. Their notable legal cases have included acting for Qantas against Rolls-Royce, the Rinehart children in trust litigation against Gina Rinehart, and for Channel 7 in relation to cases arising from Australian Federal Police raids.
Sculpture by the Sea
Bell was a long-time board member of the Sydney Sculpture by the Sea exhibition. They were a board member from 2006, and became its chair between 2010 and 2016.  They are credited with being instrumental in developing the event from an organisation barely able to stage two large exhibits in Sydney and Perth, to a well established body regarded as the peak body for sculpture in Australia. They introduced key changes such as a universal minimum income for artists in the Sydney exhibition, and later covering the costs of the heavy installation equipment for artists in both Sydney and Perth. They also developed initiatives such as "Sculpture at Barangaroo", held in 2016 and 2017, as well as the Sydney Sculpture Conference at the Sydney Opera House.
Bell would attend opening nights in Cottesloe wearing a Hawaiian shirt. In 2011 they escorted Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary at the Sydney exhibition. Bell was later alleged to have said that their meeting with the Crown Princess was the highlight of their trip to Australia in 2011. At the 20th anniversary dinner for Sculpture by the Sea in 2016, Bell took the stage with a photograph of the Crown Princess with themselves looming in the background and exclaimed how delighted the princess looked at seeing him.
Judicial life
Bell was appointed as President of the NSW Court of Appeal on 28 February 2019. As President, they were an official member of the Judicial Commission of New South Wales. On 4 June 2019, they were sworn in as an Administrator of the State of New South Wales. They have handed down decisions in the Chris Gayle defamation appeal, and the lead judgment in Searle v Commonwealth of Australia, an important case on the constitutional doctrine of "fettering" of discretionary powers of Government.
References
1966 births
Living people
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Australian Senior Counsel
Judges of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
Presidents of the NSW Court of Appeal
Sydney Law School alumni
University of Sydney alumni
21st-century Australian judges
Australian Rhodes Scholars
In motion picture film production, cinematography and video production, a reaction shot is a shot which cuts away from the main scene in order to show the reaction of a character to it, a basic unit of film grammar.
A reaction shot usually implies the display of some sort of emotion on the face of the actor being shown, and is thus most commonly a close-up shot (although a group of actors may be shown reacting together). A reaction shot is also generally bereft of dialogue, though this is not an absolute rule. Its main purpose is to show an emotional response to the immediately preceding action or words of another character in the scene, or to an event in the immediately preceding scene which may or may not involve another actor (e.g., an explosion, monster, empty room, etc.)
The assumption behind the logic of the reaction shot is that the emotional reaction of the actor being depicted will either advance the story, reveal character traits of the character in the reaction shot, or emphasize character traits of another character that were displayed in the action or dialog present in the preceding shot. A completely unemotional reaction may also be important if it provides information to the audience or is unexpected in the context of the scene.
Reaction shots can be especially critical in comedy, as the reaction of an actor or actors to a dramatic incident provides a psychological cue to the audience about how to respond to that incident themselves.
In some cases, the deliberate avoidance of showing a reaction shot can be used by a filmmaker to dramatic effect; for instance, if the filmmaker wishes to conceal a character's motivations by hiding their reaction to a particular event.
See also
Kuleshov Effect
Cinematic techniques
Film editing
The Departmental Council of Morbihan () is the deliberative assembly of the Morbihan department in Brittany, France. It consists of 42 members (departmental councillors) elected from 21 cantons and its headquarters are in Vannes, capital of the department. The general councilors are elected for a 6-years term.
The president of the General Council is David Lappartient.
Vice-Presidents
The President of the Departmental Council is assisted by 12 vice-presidents chosen from among the departmental advisers. Each of them has a delegation of authority.
References
See also
Morbihan
Departmental council (France)
External links
Morbihan
Departmental councils (France)
The Seidenhauskaserne (literally silk house kaserne), also called Artillerie-Kaserne, was a small military facility of the Bavarian army, located at Hofgarten Strasse 1 in Munich, Germany, which existed from 1808 until 1899.
History
Because the existing barracks of the Munich garrison had an unfavourable tactical location, and some of them had fallen into disrepair, in 1803 the Bavarian army rented the old court silk factory building to accommodate their artillery troops in the south-eastern corner of the Hofgarten at the northern outskirts of old Munich, nearby the new Hofgartenkaserne, which was under construction since 1801.
Due to the epidemic of typhoid in the Hofgarten- and the Seidenhauskaserne in 1893, a meeting of scientists, physicians, military, engineers and representatives of the city was scheduled to clarify the reasons. Chairman of the meeting was the Bavarian minister of war Adolph von Asch who decided that the barracks should be closed. The Seidenhauskaserne was fully evacuated in 1899. The building was slated for demolition in 1900 to make way for an army museum.
References
Barracks in Munich
History of Munich
Military of Bavaria
Buildings and structures demolished in 1900
Demolished buildings and structures in Germany
The 5th Armoured Division (5. Panzer-Division) was a West German armored formation. It was part of the III Corps of the Bundeswehr, which also incorporated in 1985 the 2nd Panzergrenadier Division and 12th Panzer Division. III Corps was part of NATO's Central Army Group (CENTAG), along with the Bundeswehr's II Corps and the American V and VII Corps. Headquarters in 1985 was at Diez/Lahn, with subordinate brigades at Wetzlar (13th PG Bde), Neustadt/Marburg (6th Panzer Brigade) and Koblenz (15th Panzergrenadier Brigade).
It played a major role in the defense of West Germany from the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The division was constituted on 1 October 1956 as part of the III Corps of the Bundeswehr. In 1985, the corps also received the 2nd Panzergrenadier Division and 12th Panzer Division. Subordinated to NATO's Central Army Group, the III Corps defended the "zone of vital defense" of NATO, at the side of the II Corps of the German Army and the U.S. Army's V and VII Corps.
Following the Soviet Union's fall, the US VII Corps was withdrawn and two combined US/German corps were created in the former CENTAG area. As part of this arrangement, 5th Armoured Division was administratively placed under the V Corps (United States) for main defence purposes. This meant that if an attack from the East was anticipated, the division would fall under U.S. control. Meanwhile, an American division would likewise fall under control of the German II or III Corps. The 5th Panzer sent some of their units to Yugoslavia in 1990. German budget constraints meant that the 5th Panzer Division had to be indefinitely disbanded on 30 June 2001.
Commanding officers
Generalmajor Heinrich Baron von Behr, 1 October 1956 – 7 December 1959
Generalmajor Günther Pape, 1 April 1960 – 30 June 1962
Generalmajor Albert Schnez, 1 October 1962 – 31 March 1965
Generalmajor Heinz Hükelheim, 1 April 1965 – 30 September 1967
Generalmajor Bernd Freytag von Loringhoven, 1 October 1967 – 30 April 1969
Generalmajor Hans-Joachim von Hopffgarten, 1 May 1969 – 9 September 1970
Generalmajor Heinz-Georg Lemm, 10 September 1970 – 15 January 1974
Generalmajor Kurt von der Osten, 15 January 1974 – 26 September 1975
Generalmajor Horst Wenner, 27 September 1975 – 30 September 1979
Generalmajor Werner Heyd, 1 October 1979 – 7 September 1980
Generalmajor Götz Mayer, 5 December 1980 – 30 September 1982
Generalmajor Franz Uhle-Wettler, 1 October 1982 – 11 July 1984
Generalmajor Wilhelm Jacoby, 11 July 1984 – 30 November 1986
Generalmajor Peter Rohde, 1 December 1986 – 30 September 1991
Generalmajor Dieter Stöckmann, 1 October 1991 – 24 June 1993
Brigadegeneral Klaus von Heimendahl, 1 October 1993 – 31 March 1994
Generalmajor Henribert Göttelmann, 1 April 1994 – 31 March 1995
Generalmajor Klaus Frühhaber, 1 April 1995 – 30 September 1997
Generalmajor Werner Widder, 1 October 1997 – 31 March 1998
Generalmajor Holger Kammerhoff, 1 April 1998 – 2000
Generalmajor Axel Bürgener, 2000 – 30 September 2001
References
Armoured divisions of the Bundeswehr
Military units and formations established in 1956
Military units and formations disestablished in 2001
es:5ª División Panzer
Varntresk is a village in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county, Norway. The village is located on the eastern shore of the large lake Røssvatnet. The lake Famnvatnet lies about east of the village. Varntresk Church is located in this village, and it serves the northern part of the municipality. There is also a small school in Varntresk. The village of Hattfjelldal, the municipal centre, lies about to the south.
References
Hattfjelldal
Villages in Nordland
The Academy of the Guarani Language (, ) is a Paraguayan institution that promotes and regulates the Guarani language, one of the official languages of Paraguay and the Mercosur.
References
External links
Website of the Academy of the Guarani Language
Guarani languages
Language regulators
Cultural organisations based in Paraguay
2013 establishments in Paraguay
Organizations established in 2013
Tahesha Way (née Wright; born December 31, 1969) is an American Democratic Party politician, New Jersey's 34th Secretary of State, and a former member of the Board of Chosen Freeholders as Freeholder Director in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.
Biography
Way grew up in The Bronx. They earned two degrees: one in English and American literature from Brown University, and the other in law from the University of Virginia. They worked as a law clerk, a television producer for Court TV, and a literature professor at Fairleigh Dickinson University before their current position. They also worked as an attorney with a Totowa law firm. Way was admitted to the state bar in 1998. Way was defeated along with running mates Evangeline Gomez and Domenick Stampone in the 2009 election, where the Republicans gained three seats that were previously held by Democrats. In December 2017, Governor-elect Phil Murphy selected Way as the next Secretary of State of New Jersey. They were sworn in as New Jersey's 34th Secretary of State on February 26, 2018. They live in Wayne with their husband, former New York Giants running back Charles Way, and 4 children.
References
1969 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
African-American people in New Jersey politics
African-American state cabinet secretaries
Brown University alumni
County commissioners in New Jersey
Fairleigh Dickinson University faculty
New Jersey Democrats
People from the Bronx
People from Wayne, New Jersey
Secretaries of State of New Jersey
American women academics
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Bob Johnson born Ishmael Johnson (1904-1985), also known as The Original Bob, was an Ghanaian comedian who started the one-man show to concert party.
Background
Johnson and Bob Cole begun the concert party tradition in Ghana.
Johnson formed Versatile Eight, which consisted of three principal characters; the joker,the gentleman and lady impersonator. The group first performed in Sekondi Methodist School with Johnson playing the joker. The audience at the Optimism club nicknamed them Bob. Johnson performed a combination of Western black face minstrels and the trickster Ananse - a hero of Akan folklore.
Johnson took their show to villages throughout Ghana. The show was usually performed in English, but was occasionally translated into Akan.
In 1935, Johnson became the "joker" for the Axim Trio while E.K Dadson played ‘Susanna' and Charlie Turpin, the ‘gentleman'.
References
History of Ghana
Samuel Edward Troughton (born 27 March 1964 in Lisburn, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish former footballer who played as a forward and now a coach.
Playing career
Club
Troughton played for Glentoran and Wolverhampton Wanderers before coming to South Africa in 1985 to play for Jomo Cosmos, Mamelodi Sundowns and then Orlando Pirates. They were popularly known as "Special Branch" during their playing days in South Africa. In 1986, they briefly played for Crusaders, playing two league games in two days against Linfield and Glentoran (scoring in the latter) in December 1986.
Management career
After retiring from football, Troughton coached mainly lower league sides like Arcadia Shepherds, Pretoria University and Durban Stars. They also had a short stint as Orlando Pirates coach in 1994 and worked as an assistant coach for Free State Stars.
Troughton was retained as University of Pretoria manager for the start of the 2015–16 season. In March 2016, they took charge of Vasco da Gama for the rest of the season. On the 8 October 2018, Sammy signed a two-year deal as the Head Coach of Witbank Spurs, but barely two weeks after the joining the club they
left for Mpumalanga rivals TS Sporting.
References
1964 births
Living people
Jomo Cosmos F.C. players
Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. players
Sportspeople from Lisburn
Association football forwards
Football managers from Northern Ireland
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Orlando Pirates F.C. players
Glentoran F.C. players
Crusaders F.C. players
British expatriates in South Africa
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Expatriate association footballers from Northern Ireland
Expatriate soccer managers in South Africa
Bayterek (, ), previously Zelenov is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Peremyotnoye. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
The 2020 K League 2 is the eighth season of the K League 2, the second-tier South Korean professional league for association football clubs since its establishment in 2013, and the third one with its current name, the K League 2. The top-ranked team and the winners of the promotion play-offs among three clubs ranked between second and fourth got promoted to the 2021 K League 1.
On 24 April 2020, the Korean Professional Football Union has confirmed that they will adopt their plan of modification, which will begin to change type of the season 2020 to 27 regular season matches.
Teams
Changes
Asan Mugunghwa was renamed to Chungnam Asan ahead for 2020 season after the club was dissolved in the 2019 season. Daejeon Citizen and Hana Financial Group Football Club Foundation bought the operating rights of the club, renaming it to Daejeon Hana Citizen ahead of the 2020 season.
Stadiums
Personnel and kits
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Managerial changes
Foreign players
Restricting the number of foreign players strictly to five per team, including a slot for a player from AFC and ASEAN countries. A team could use four foreign players on the field each game. Players in bold are players who join midway through the competition. An Byong-jun, playing for Suwon FC, was deemed to be a native player.
League table
Positions by matchday
Round 1–18
Round 19–27
Results
Matches 1–18
Matches 19–27
Promotion playoffs
The Semi-playoff was contested between the 3rd and 4th placed teams in the K League 2. The winners advanced to the Playoff to face the 2nd placed team in the K League 2, with the winners securing a place in the 2021 K League 1.
If scores were tied after regular time in the Semi-playoff, the higher-placed team would advance to the next phase. This rule was also used in the Playoff, with the higher-placed team would secure a place in the 2021 K League 1 in case of tied scores after the regular time.
Semi-playoff
Playoff
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Awards
Most Valuable Player of The Round
Season Awards
The 2020 K League Awards was held on 30 November 2020.
K League 2 Most Valuable Player
The K League 2 Most Valuable Player award was won by An Byong-jun (Suwon FC).
K League 2 Young Player
The K League 2 Young Player award was won by Lee Dong-ryul (Jeju United).
K League 2 Top Scorer
The K League 2 Top Scorer award was won by An Byong-jun (Suwon FC).
K League 2 Top Assistor
The K League 2 Top Assistor award was won by Kim Young-uk (Jeju United).
K League 2 Best XI
K League Manager of the Year
The K League Manager of the Year award was won by Nam Ki-il (Jeju United).
See also
2020 K League 1
Notes
References
External links
Official K League website
K League 2 seasons
2
K
Mount Van der Veer () is a mountain about 8 nautical miles (15 km) southeast of Mount Ronne in the Haines Mountains, Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) (1939–41), and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Willard Van der Veer, a photographer with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (1928–30).
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
100,5 Das Hitradio is a radio station from Eupen, a town in the German speaking part of Belgium. The station is on the air since 1998 and broadcasts under the motto: "Die Super Hits der 80er, der 90er und das Beste von heute" (The Super Hits of the 80s, the 90s, and the Best of Today").
The station is owned by 40.8% by the BRF Medien AG in Eupen, 39.2% by Radio Salü in Saarbrücken, Germany, 10% by PFD Pressefunk GmbH.
Listeners
Target audience is about 1.1 million German-speaking people in the area of transmission between the age of 29 and 45. More than 400,000 people listen daily to 100.5 Das Hitradio. This station is the most listened to station in the German-speaking region and in southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia.
Programmes
100.5 plays the music mix of the most popular pop and rock songs of the last decades ("The Super Hits of the 80s, 90s and the best of today").
Every 30 minutes 100.5 airs a live newscast, these newscasts begin 5 minutes earlier than the other radio stations ( "immer fünf Minuten früher informiert" ). With the extensive newscasts at 12:25 and 17:25 daily for the region "Total Euregional". In general, the newscast's content is regional and national themes in equal proportions.
There are political and social information broadcasts of this type are aired five minutes before the hour (for example 13:55) and five minutes before the half hour (e.g., 14:25). During broadcast hours 100.5 focuses on service, music and entertainment contributions.
In addition, the station transmits all the games of football Sports Teams Borussia Mönchengladbach and Alemannia Aachen live.
"Von zwei bis frei", from 10:55 to 18:00, plays varied music from the 80s until the present day.
Every night from 18:00 (Mon-Thu until 20:00 and Fri-Sat until 0:00) "In the Mix". A nonstop mix of songs from the 80s, 90s and today. Mixed by "Star DJ Enrico Ostendorf".
Every Sunday there is also the "100,5 Top 20 Chart Show" from 16:00-17:40. That is the top 20 of the station compiled by the listeners. The program is presented by Enrico Ostendorf.
Reception
The Meuse-Rhine is 100,5 receive anywhere on 100.50 MHz FM. The stations RDS ident is: * * 100,5.
Cable Frequencies: Aachen, Aldenhoven, Alsdorf, Baesweiler, Bedburg, Bergheim, Düren, Elsdorf, Eschweiler, Geilenkirchen, Heinsberg, Hellenthal, Herzogenrath, Hürtgenwald, Inden, Jülich, Kall, Kerpen, Kreuzau, Langerwehe, Merzenich, Nideggen, Niederzier, Nörvenich, Schleiden, Stolberg, Titz, Übach-Palenberg en Würselen (104.60 MHz). in Belgium at 89.30 MHz.
Because of the position of its FM antenna the station can be received in Eindhoven (The Netherlands).
See also
List of radio stations in Belgium
References
External links
Radio stations in Belgium
German-language radio stations
Radio stations established in 1998
Septian David Maulana (born 2 September 1996) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder or winger for PSIS Semarang.
Club career
Mitra Kukar
In December 2014, Septian signed a contract with Mitra Kukar. They made their debut on 5 April 2015 after replacing Jajang Mulyana in the 73rd minute, which ended 1–0 defeat against Persebaya Surabaya at Gelora Bung Tomo Stadium. In next match, they scored their first goal in the 35th minute against Gresik United.
PSIS Semarang
On 21 January 2019, PSIS Semarang announced a deal for Septian to join Indonesian Liga 1 club PSIS on a free transfer. On 5 February 2019, Septian made their first appearance in the Round of 32 2018–19 Piala Indonesia in a 2–0 home win against Liga 3 club Persibat Batang. They also scored their first goal for PSIS, where they scored in the 32nd minutes.
Septian made their first Liga 1 appearance on 16 May 2019, coming on as an starter in a 1–2 lost against Kalteng Putra. They also scored their first league goal for PSIS, where they scored in the 20th minute.
In September 2019, with a market value of 3.6 billion rupiah, he's the most expensive player at PSIS Semarang.
International career
They were called up to the Indonesia national football team, and made their debut on 9 October 2016 in a friendly match against Vietnam at the Maguwoharjo Stadium, Sleman.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Indonesia's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Mitra Kukar
General Sudirman Cup: 2015
International
Indonesia U-23
Southeast Asian Games Bronze medal: 2017
Indonesia
Aceh World Solidarity Cup runner-up: 2017
Individual
Liga 1 Best Goal: 2017
Liga 1 Best Eleven: 2017
References
External links
Indonesian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football wingers
1996 births
Living people
Indonesian Muslims
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Mitra Kukar players
PSIS Semarang players
People from Semarang
Sportspeople from Central Java
Indonesia youth international footballers
Indonesia international footballers
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2018 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Indonesia
Patrick Kwame Ampadu (born 20 December 1970) is an Irish former footballer who played as a midfielder. Ampadu featured for clubs Arsenal, Swansea City, Leyton Orient and Exeter City in their playing career.  They are currently an assistant coach for CF Montreal under Wilfried Nancy. They previously are an assistant coach for Monaco. Ampadu also played for the Republic of Ireland's U21 team.
Early life
Ampadu was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, to an Irish mother and Ghanaian father. Ampadu subsequently moved with their parents to Dublin, Ireland, where they were raised. They undertook their primary and secondary education at O'Connell's School in Dublin where their schoolmates included future footballer Jeff Kenna. At a young age they took up the sport of hurling but thereafter found themselves to be quite proficient at football as well.
Playing career
Ampadu first played in Irish youth football for Sherrard United and Belvedere before joining Arsenal in July 1988.
Their debut came in a 3–1 win away to Derby County on 24 March 1990. They went on to have loan spells at Plymouth Argyle and West Bromwich Albion the following season, before making a permanent move to the latter in June 1991.
Ampadu spent three years at West Bromwich Albion before moving to Swansea City in February 1994. They played in Swansea City's 1994 Football League Trophy win at Wembley. They also reached the 1997 Football League Third Division play-off Final with the Swans. They moved to Leyton Orient in May 1998 making 72 League appearances in two seasons but missing the Third Division play-offs in 1998–99 through injury. They then had a spell at Exeter City where they scored twice against Swindon Town in the League Cup and Dagenham & Redbridge in the league. In January 2005 they played in Exeter's memorable 0–0 draw at Old Trafford in the FA Cup. Ampadu then had stints with Newport County and Tiverton Town where their playing days eventually came to an end in 2006.
Managerial career
Ampadu returned to Exeter to be a part of the club's coaching outfit. They took up the role in July 2008 within the club's academy, to be at the helm of the Grecians Under 18 side. They moved to Arsenal in 2012 to become the Under 14s coach at the London side's Hale End Academy.
Personal life
Ampadu's son Ethan is a footballer who plays for Chelsea and Wales. The younger Ampadu, at the age of 15 years and 10 months, made their debut for Exeter City in a League Cup tie against Brentford on 9 August 2016, breaking an 87-year-old record set by Cliff Bastin.
Honours
Player
Swansea City
Football League Trophy: 1993–94
Football League Third Division play-offs runner-up: 1997
Managerial
Arsenal
U18 Premier League: Runner-up 2016–17
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Irish people of Ghanaian descent
Irish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
Black Irish sportspeople
Footballers from Bradford
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football midfielders
Belvedere F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Exeter City F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
Tiverton Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Association football coaches
Exeter City F.C. non-playing staff
Arsenal F.C. non-playing staff
AS Monaco FC non-playing staff
CF Montréal non-playing staff
Irish expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Irish expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Lagoon Island is the northernmost of the Léonie Islands, lying in the entrance to Ryder Bay on the southeast side of Adelaide Island, Antarctica. It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Jean-Baptiste Charcot. The island was charted by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill in February 1936 and was so named because with the island on its west side it forms a lagoon.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Adelaide Island
Caladenia drakeoides, commonly known as the hinged dragon orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has a single hairy leaf and a single greenish-yellow and red flower with a hinged labellum resembling a female thynnid wasp.
Description
Caladenia drakeoides is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and which grows as solitary plants or in clumps of up to ten plants. It has a single, pale green, broad, ground-hugging, hairy leaf, long and wide.
Usually only one greenish-yellow and red flower is borne on a stalk tall. The flowers are long and about wide and bear a striking resemblance to those in the genus Drakaea. The dorsal sepal is curved backwards, almost horizontally behind the flower and is long and wide at the base. The lateral sepals and petals are linear to lance-shaped, hang vertically and clasp the ovary. The lateral sepals are long and wide with a sudden bend one-third the distance from their outer ends. The petals are long and wide at the base. The labellum is greenish-yellow and red and covered with dark maroon hairs and calli. It is loosely-hinged and resembles an insect abdomen long, wide and a yellow to red head about in diameter. The false abdomen is strongly turned in towards the ovary. Flowering occurs from August to early October.
Taxonomy and naming
Caladenia drakeoides was first formally described by Stephen Hopper and Andrew Brown in 2001 from a specimen collected by Hopper near Dalwallinu. The description was published in Nuytsia. The specific epithet (drakeoides) refers to the similarity of the flowers of this species to those in the genus Drakaea - the suffix -oides means "likeness" in Latin.
Distribution and habitat
The hinged dragon orchid grows among shrubs near salt lakes and in winter-wet areas between Bonnie Rock and Lake Moore in the Avon Wheatbelt and Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic regions.
Ecology
As with orchids in the genus Drakaea, this species is pollinated by male thynnid wasps when they attempt to copulate with the flower.
Conservation
Caladenia drakeoides is classified as "Threatened Flora (Declared Rare Flora — Extant)" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife and it has also been listed as "Endangered" (EN) under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act). The main threats to the species include weed invasion and grazing by goats (Capra hircus) and sheep (Ovis aries).
References
drakeoides
Orchids of Western Australia
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 2001
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Stephen Hopper
Taxa named by Andrew Phillip Brown
Alfred Mullikin Boyce (May 2, 1901 – July 11, 1997) was an American entomologist and first dean of University of California, Riverside's College of Agriculture.
Early life and education
Boyce grew up on their family's farm in Maryland. After spending 1919 at the Annapolis campus of St. John's College, Boyce embarked as a seaman aboard several commercial vessels. Boyce served as a crewman aboard the ill-fated SS Philadelphia and was arrested along with the rest of the crew by Italian authorities during the 1922 mutiny.
Boyce enrolled at Cornell University in 1923, earning their bachelor's and master's degrees. 1927 they took a temporary research position at the Citrus Experiment Station in Riverside, California. Though they had initially intended to return to Cornell, Boyce transferred to University of California earning their doctorate at UC Berkeley in 1931.
Professional life
Boyce became an associate professor of entomology at Riverside in 1933 while they continued to work at the Citrus Experimentation Station. They were advanced to full professor in 1942 and became the head of the entomology department in 1943. At the urging of Harry Scott Smith, Boyce made an overseas trip in 1951 on behalf of the Foreign Agricultural Service to identify natural predators of the Scale insect as a measure of biological control, to protect California's olive crop. Boyce took their wife Dr. Janet Mabry Boyce (also an entomologist) along to capture and import the appropriate insects. Upon their return, Boyce was appointed the head of the station at Riverside replacing the retiring Leon D. Batchelor. Boyce was a proponent of nematology, supporting the creation of a separate department of nematology within University of California with Dr. Dewey J. Raski as the new department's chair. Boyce appeared on the March 25th, 1956 episode of The New Edgar Bergen Hour In 1960, Boyce was appointed the first Dean of the College of Agriculture where they remained until their retirement from teaching in 1968. They continued to serve as an agricultural advisor to the Rockefeller Foundation until 1974. Boyce's papers are archived at UCR.
Publications
Honors and awards
UCR created the "Al Boyce lecture series"
The Alfred M. Boyce Chair in entomology was established by the UCR Board of Regents in 1984.
Boyce Hall on the UCR campus
Boyce received a number of awards from citrus farmers including California Citrus Quality Council's Albert G. Salter Memorial Award.
See also
The Citrus Industry
References
1901 births
1997 deaths
Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences alumni
University of California, Riverside faculty
UC Berkeley College of Natural Resources alumni
American entomologists
Place of birth missing
People from Maryland
Prisoners and detainees of Italy
American people imprisoned abroad
20th-century American zoologists
Scientists from California
Joseph Yulyevich Achron, also seen as Akhron (Russian: Иосиф Юльевич Ахрон, Hebrew: יוסף אחרון) (May 1, 1886April 29, 1943) was a Russian-born Jewish composer and violinist, who settled in the United States. Their preoccupation with Jewish elements and their desire to develop a "Jewish" harmonic and contrapuntal idiom, underscored and informed much of their work. Their friend, the composer Arnold Schoenberg, described Achron in their obituary as "one of the most underrated modern composers".
Biography
Achron was born in Lozdzieje, Russian Empire (now Lazdijai, Lithuania) to Julian and Bertha and began the study of the violin under their father, an amateur violinist, at the age of five. Their first public performance followed three years later at age seven in Warsaw. This was followed by a prodigious childhood career including performances throughout Russia. Between 1899 and 1904 they studied violin under Leopold Auer and composition under Anatoly Lyadov, at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory.
They joined the Society for Jewish Folk Music in 1911 and from that point occupied themselves in theory and practice with the Jewish music tradition. Their first "Jewish" work, Hebrew Melody, became immediately recognized through the interpretation of violinist Jascha Heifetz. In 1913, Achron became the head of the violin and chamber music departments at the Kharkiv Conservatory in Ukraine, and served in the Russian Army between 1916 and 1918. In the years after World War I, they toured extensively as a concert artist in Europe, the Near East and Russia, performing over 1000 concerts between 1919 and 1922. During this period they were appointed head of the violin masterclass and chamber music department at the Leningrad Artists' Union. In 1922, Achron moved to Berlin, where together with Mikhail Gnessin they ran the Jewish music publishing company Jibneh. In 1924, Achron spent some months in Mandatory Palestine.
In 1925, they emigrated to the United States and settled in New York, where they taught the violin at the Westchester Conservatory. They performed their Violin Concerto No. 1 with the Boston Symphony Orchestra in 1927. Their incidental music suite from H. Leivick's The Golem, also written during this period, was chosen by the International Society for Contemporary Music (ISCM) for performance in Venice in 1932.
In 1934, they moved to Hollywood, where they composed music for films and continued their career as a concert violinist. They performed their Violin Concerto No. 2 with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra in 1936 and their third – commissioned by Jascha Heifetz – with the same orchestra in 1939. Atonality and polytonality are among the techniques used in their later works. Their final work was the Concerto for solo piano, Op. 74. They died in Hollywood in 1943 and is buried in Hollywood Forever Cemetery. A year after their death the Joseph Achron Memorial Committee was formed, which included twenty well-known composers, instrumentalists, conductors and critics.
They were the older brother of the concert pianist and composer Isidor Achron, who became Jascha Heifetz's accompanist for more than ten years.
Selected works
Orchestral
Hebrew Melody, Op. 33, for violin and orchestra (1911)
Hazzan, Op. 34, for cello and orchestra (1912)
2 Hebrew Pieces, Op. 35 (1913)
Dance Improvisation, Op. 37 (circa 1913)
Epitaph to the Memory of Alexander Scriabin, Op. 38 (1915)
Shir, Op. 42, dance for clarinet and orchestra (1917)
2 Pastels, Op. 44, for violin and orchestra (1917)
The Fiddle's Soul, Op. 50 (1920)
Violin Concerto No. 1, Op. 60 (1925)
Konzertanten-Kapelle, Op. 64, for violin and orchestra (1928)
Two Tableaux from Belshazzar (1931)
The Golem, suite for chamber orchestra (1932)
Dance Overture (1932)
Little Dance Fantasy (1933)
Violin Concerto No. 2, Op. 68 (1933)
Violin Concerto No. 3, Op. 72 (1937)
Choral
Epitaph (in memory of Skryabin), Op. 38, for four voices and orchestra (1915)
Salome's Dance, Op. 61, for mixed voices, piano and percussion (1925) / (1966)
Evening Service of the Sabbath, Op. 67, for baritone voice, four voices and organ (1932) – commissioned by Congregation Emanue-El of New York City, published by Bloch Publishing Company.
Chamber and instrumental
Suite No. 1 en Style Ancien (Première Suite en Style Ancien), Op. 21, for violin and piano (circa 1914) / (1923)
Chromatic String Quartet, Op. 26 (circa 1915)
Sonata No. 1, Op. 29, for violin and piano (circa 1915)
Stimmungen, Op.32, Two Pieces for violin and piano (circa 1915/16)
Symphonic Variations and Sonata on a Palestinian Theme, Op. 39, for piano (circa 1916)
Suite Bizarre, Op. 41, for violin and piano (circa 1917)
Sonata No. 2, Op. 45, for violin and piano (circa 1917)
Children's Suite, Op.57, for clarinet, string quartet and piano (circa 1925)
Elegy, Op. 62, for string quartet (1927)
4 Improvisations, Op. 63, for string quartet (1927)
2 Pieces, Op. 65, for viola and piano (1932)
Statuettes, Op. 66, for solo piano (1930)
The Golem, for cello, trumpet, horn and piano (1931)
Sinfonietta, Op. 71, for string quartet (1935)
Concerto for solo piano, Op. 74 (1941)
Miscellaneous
Spring Night, ballet music for a short film (1935)
See also
The forgotten work of Joseph Achron in Hagai Shaham.
Notes
References
Glanville-Hicks, P. "Achron, Joseph". Grove Music Online. Macy, L. ed. Retrieved March 26, 2006).
External links
Joseph Achron Society
The New Jewish School in Music
Joseph Achron Biography, Milken Archives
Joseph Achron biography, on Jewish Music Research Centre
1886 births
1943 deaths
People from Lazdijai
19th-century Lithuanian Jews
Soviet emigrants to the United States
American classical violinists
Male classical violinists
American male violinists
Russian classical violinists
Jewish classical violinists
20th-century classical composers
Jewish classical composers
Jewish American classical composers
Child classical musicians
Violin pedagogues
American music educators
Russian music educators
Burials at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
American male classical composers
American classical composers
20th-century American composers
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century American male musicians
Audrey Hepburn's Enchanted Tales is a 1992 album featuring classic children's stories read by actor Audrey Hepburn. They were posthumously awarded a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children in 1994.
1992 albums
Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children
Audrey Hepburn albums
1990s spoken word albums
Spoken word albums by British artists
Children's albums
Jo Durie and Anne Hobbs of Great Britain were the defending champions, but neither player returned to compete in the doubles in the 1983 tournament.
Billie Jean King and Sharon Walsh won in the final 6–2, 6–4 against Beverly Mould and Elizabeth Sayers.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
ITF Tournament Page
1983 Edgbaston Cup Doubles Draw
Edgbaston Cup - Doubles, 1983
Doubles
Erigeron socorrensis is a Mexican species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Socorro Island fleabane. It has been found only on Socorro Island in Mexico, part of the State of Colima. This is a small, volcanic island about south-southwest of the southern end of the Peninsula of Baja California, the largest of the Revillagigedo Islands.
Erigeron socorrensis is a shrub up to tall, with a large woody caudex. It has narrowly oblanceolate leaves up to long. One plant can produce several groups of small flower heads, each group at the end of a long, thin stalk. Each head is long, with several white ray florets surrounding several yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of specimen at the Missouri Botanical Garden, collected on Socorro Island in 1897, isotype of Erigeron socorrensis
socorrensis
Flora of Colima
Flora of Mexican Pacific Islands
Islands of Colima
Plants described in 1899
Daniel Bekele (Amharic: ዳንኤል በቀለ; 17 February 1967) is an Ethiopian lawyer and human rights activist. They were detained from November 2005 to March 2008 for their complaints about the procedures of the 2005 Ethiopian general election. They were a executive director of the Africa division at Human Rights Watch from 2011 to 2016. In 2019, Daniel was appointed head of the Ethiopian Human Rights Commission.
Youth and education
Daniel Bekele was born on . They graduated in 1989 with a bachelor's degree in law and in 2001 with a master's degree in development studies from Addis Ababa University. They obtained a master's degree in law from Oxford University in 2003. They later started doctoral studies on a "Comparative Study of Media Law in East Africa" at Oxford.
Early career
Daniel was a legal advisor to Ethiopian Sugar Corporation during 1998–1990, and then became an independent legal consultant. They specialised in supporting civil society, human rights education, and promoted legal changes for improving the protections for women's rights. Daniel became a member of ActionAid in 2004, becoming responsible for policy research and advocacy. They held a senior position in United Insurance Company. Daniel was one of the leaders of the Ethiopian component of the Global Call to Action Against Poverty campaign.
2005–2008 detention
Daniel was one of the key civil society organisers coordinating monitoring of the 2005 Ethiopian general election. They criticised the procedures of how the election was held. On 16 October 2005, they were "badly beaten by unidentified armed men", which Amnesty International interpreted to be a result of their criticisms of the electoral procedures. Daniel was detained on 1 November 2005. In December 2007, they and Netsanet Demissie were convicted in the Ethiopian Federal High Court for "provoking and preparing 'outrages against the Constitution'" but acquitted of committing "outrages", by a majority of two judges out of three, after a two-year trial. Daniel and Netsanet were released on 28 March 2008. Amnesty International considered Daniel's and Netsanet's detention and conviction to have been only based on their human rights activities, and defined both as having been prisoners of conscience. Amnesty director for Africa, Erwin van der Borght, stated, "It is deplorable that civil society activists who are prisoners of conscience like Daniel Bekele and Netsanet Demissie can be arrested and unfairly convicted simply for peacefully conducting human rights work."
Human rights bodies
Daniel was a executive director of the Africa division of Human Rights Watch (HRW) from 2011 to 2016, and later became its senior director for Africa advocacy.
In July 2019, Daniel was appointed as the new head of the Ethiopian Human Rights Commission (EHRC), selected from among 88 candidates by the House of People's Representatives (HoPR, the lower house of Ethiopian parliament) replacing Addisu Gebreegziabhier.
In September 2021, Daniel was awarded the 2021 German Africa Prize for their commitment to defending human rights and democracy.
Points of view
In 2012, Daniel criticised the United States and the European Union for supporting economic development in authoritarian countries while only "pay[ing] lip service" to human rights violations in those countries. They included Ethiopia as an example where development aid increased while human rights "severely deteriorated".
References
Ethiopian human rights activists
Amnesty International prisoners of conscience held by Ethiopia
1967 births
Living people
The Pitt shag (Phalacrocorax featherstoni), also known as the Pitt Island shag or Featherstone's shag is a species of bird in the family Phalacrocoracidae. It is endemic to Pitt Island. Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores. It is threatened by habitat loss.
This representative of the shags in the Chatham Group was discovered by H.H. Travers in 1871. Buller dedicated the species to Dr Featherston, superintendent of the Province of Wellington at that time.
Apparently never a common species, it was reported as nearly extinct in 1905. The Department of Conservation does have a recovery plan for this bird.
Members of the shag family belong to three groups, based on the colour of their feet: black, yellow or pink. Outside New Zealand, the black-footed shags are better known as cormorants. The Pitt shag belongs to the yellow footed group.
References
External links
Holotype and specimens of Phalacrocorax featherstoni Buller, 1873 in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Birds of the Chatham Islands
Phalacrocorax
Birds described in 1873
Taxa named by Walter Buller
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of New Zealand
Katherine Wright may refer to:
Katherine Fairfax Wright, American filmmaker and documentarian
Katherine Wright (field hockey) (born 1989), Canadian field hockey player
See also
Katie Wright (Kathryn Wright, born 1981), American actor
Katharine Wright (1874–1929), sister of aviation pioneers Wilbur and Orville Wright
Dr. Bruno Sälzer (born 28 June 1957) was the CEO of Escada, the international luxury fashion group. They were born into a solid farming family. They have always been interested in fashion more than fertiliser, and has been quoted in saying, "I can't explain this. There was no one in my family like this. I have checked back several generations."  They are the father of four sons.
Career
Timeline:
1986-1991: Director of International Sales Coordination, Beiersdorf
1991-1995: Managing Director of Hairdressing International, Schwarzkopf
1995-2008: CEO, Hugo Boss
2008–2014: CEO, Escada
2014–present: CEO, Bench
Sälzer started out at Hugo Boss as one of the members of the managing board, but steadily worked their way up to CEO position. They were the first to introduce the womenswear line at Hugo Boss. They saw the company boost its income to €154m in 2007. During their time with the company, they described their management style as old-fashioned, they favored a system where you learn how to think, how to combine things, how to set priorities. They were not a fan of MBAs. Following a dispute with the company's private equity company Permira, Sälzer left Hugo Boss and took up the CEO position in Escada, replacing Jean-Marc Loubier. The row with Permira reportedly centred on special dividends, however the departure was supposed to have been amicable. Upon leaving, they praised the work ethic and unique culture of the company. Their departure from the company saw Hugo Boss' stock fall by 9.2 percent in Frankfurt trading.
At Escada, Sälzer was employed to save the brand, which has steadily declined after the death of its co-founder Margaretha Ley. In 2008, they invested €3 million from their Hugo Boss severance pay, only to lose it, as the brand filed for bankruptcy. Megha Mittal, a member of an Indian steelmaking company, bought Escada and saved the company in 2009. Sälzer was retained as CEO, and thanked for their "relentless efforts" so far at the firm.
On 20 February 2014, according to Women's Wear Daily, Salzer will step down as CEO of Escada by December 2014.
In July 2014, it was announced that Salzer would take up the role of CEO and chairperson of the Bench fashion brand on 1 December, commenting, "Bench fashion is an expression of young people's attitude towards life in the age of the internet and social media: individual, casual and with an eye for their own style. This exciting brand appeals to a target group which is of increasing importance for the fashion industry. What is important for me is that I am able to have a long-term entrepreneurial stake in Bench."
Sälzer is board member of Lacoste, Paris, since 2013, of Deichmann SE, Essen, since 2008 and of Amer Sports, Helsinki, since 2008. In March 2017 they were elected as chairperson of Amer Sports.
References
1957 births
Living people
German fashion businesspeople
University of Mannheim alumni
People from Heilbronn (district)
Businesspeople from Baden-Württemberg
9α-Fluorocortisone, also known as alfluorone, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triketones
Beverly Lake (Inuktitut: }, "it has driftwood") is a lake in the Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located north of the Arctic tree line about northwest of Baker Lake, Nunavut. The western half of the lake is within Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary. The Thelon River, at the confluence with the Dubawnt River, empties into the lake's southwestern bank. The Kazan River empties into the Thelon River at Beverly Lake's southeastern bank, between Beverly and Aberdeen Lakes. A delta occurs on the Beverly Lake's southern edge, which includes the Isarurjuaq Peninsula.
Geography
Most of the area is underlain by Dubawnt sandstone.
Flora
The vegetation is low Arctic.
Fauna
The lake boasts boreal and arctic fish species, uncommon to the area. Approximately 10,000 moulting Canada Geese use the Beverly/Aberdeen Lake area, including Lesser Snow geese colonies on islands within Beverly Lake, making it a key migratory bird terrestrial habitat site, and the largest concentration of the large race Canada geese within Canada. Raptors nest on the lake's north shore. The area directly north of the lake is mainly notable, however, as calving grounds for the Beverly herd, numbering over 200,000, of barren-ground caribou, as well as other herds of barren-ground caribou, totalling 500,000 strong.
Ethnography
Akiliniq (A-ki, "the other side") is the hilly area on the lake's northern shores. It is the ancestral home of the Akilinirmiut, a Caribou Inuit group whose artifacts, mainly tent rings, meat caches and inuksuit were located in archeological sites. Because of driftwood abundance from the Thelon to Beverly Lake's banks, the area was also historically a source of winter wood and a trade center for generations of other central Arctic Inuit.
Notable artist
Paul Toolooktook (1947 - 2003), born in Beverly Lake, became an artist of some notability with their basalt stone carvings and graphite/crayon drawings.
References
External links
Photo, 1949, Inuit man at Beverly Lake
Lakes of Kivalliq Region
Irving Guttman (October 27, 1928, Chatham, Ontario - December 7, 2014, Vancouver) was a Canadian stage director who had a profound impact on the field of opera within their own country. Described by The Canadian Encyclopedia as "the father of opera in Western Canada", they co-founded the Edmonton Opera, the Regina Opera Company and the Manitoba Opera; the latter of which they served as artistic director from 1977–1998.
Guttman was a shrewd judge of talent and helped nurture the careers of several young Canadian singers, including Tracy Dahl, Maureen Forrester, Judith Forst, and Ben Heppner. They also are able to draw several highly acclaimed artists to Canada for their initial appearances; first attracting international attention in 1963 when they mounted a production of Vincenzo Bellini's Norma at the Vancouver Opera starring Joan Sutherland and Marilyn Horne. Other artists whose Canadian debuts they orchestrated included José Carreras, Plácido Domingo, Samuel Ramey, and Beverly Sills.
A graduate of the Strathcona Academy in Montréal (1941–1946) and The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto (1947–1952), Guttman was awarded Honorary Doctor of Letters from the University of Winnipeg (1995) and the University of British Columbia (2009). Their other awards and honors include the Canadian Centennial Medal (1967), being made a Member of the Order of Canada (1988), the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal (1992), the "Rubie" Opera Builder Award from Opera Canada (2001), the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal (2002), and being made a Member of the Order of British Columbia (2002). They have also been inducted into the Edmonton Cultural Hall of Fame (1988), the Vancouver Hall of Fame (1994), the BC Entertainment Hall of Fame (1994), and the Canadian Opera Hall of Fame (1995).
References
1928 births
2014 deaths
Canadian opera directors
Members of the Order of British Columbia
Members of the Order of Canada
The Royal Conservatory of Music alumni
Spancrete is an American manufacturer of precast concrete products and machinery. Spancrete produces precast, prestressed concrete products that are used in commercial, industrial, institutional, residential and multifamily construction projects in the Midwest and Southeast. The company also manufactures and sells hollowcore extrusion machines that are used to produce precast concrete internationally.
History
West Allis Concrete Products
In 1946, Henry Nagy and their brother-in-law, Arthur Hintz, founded the West Allis Concrete Products company in West Allis, Wisconsin. The concrete block manufacturer thrived in the rapidly growing post-World War II economy, manufacturing as many as 1,000 concrete blocks each day.
By 1951, West Allis Concrete Products was receiving high-quantity orders to supply concrete block for Milwaukee County Stadium, Wisconsin State Fair Park, and Kohl's Department Stores, as well as new risers for Comiskey Park. The company had grown so large that it required expansion, and it did so by purchasing Genesee Sand and Gravel Company and the Farchione Block Company.
In 1953, Nagy traveled to Germany to examine a unique precast concrete manufacturing machine called a Hollowcore extruder. Though damaged by a World War II bomb, Nagy purchased the extruder and its patents and brought them back to the United States.
When the extruder was brought back to the U.S., Nagy repaired the machine and began making prestressed, precast hollowcore concrete slabs. Nagy referred to the slabs as, "Spancrete."
Corporate Structure
Divisions
Spancrete Precast Products
Spancrete manufactures a variety of architectural and structural precast products, including hollowcore plank, wall panels, beams, columns, double tees, risers, balconies and landings, bridge girders, sound walls, and stairs.
Spancrete Global Services
Spancrete Global Services is the division of Spancrete responsible for the manufacture and sales of Spancrete machines. Until January 2012, the machinery division was its own corporation known as Spancrete Machinery Corporation. Spancrete Global Services sells and services Spancrete machinery customers in the United States and abroad. Internationally, Spancrete machines are used in Russia, Spain, Japan, Egypt, Korea, China, Australia, Turkey, Mexico, Israel, Trinidad, Denmark, Germany, and Switzerland.
Subsidiaries
Florida Precast Industries, Inc.
In March 2007, Spancrete purchased Florida Precast Industries, Inc. The company, based in Sebring, Florida, produces precast concrete products for residential, multifamily, commercial, industrial, and institutional applications.
Spancrete Manufacturers Association
The Spancrete Manufacturers Association is an alliance of corporations that own Spancrete machines and produce precast, prestressed concrete. The group was formed in 1960 to promote the use of precast, prestressed concrete products and building systems worldwide.
Examples
Spancrete precast products have been used in the construction of the following, well-known structures and infrastructures:
Miller Park
Bradley Center
Froedtert Hospital
Marquette Interchange
University of Wisconsin-Madison
U.S. 41
References
External links
Spancrete Manufacturers Association
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
Closing Arguments is the fourth full-length studio album by Lucky Boys Confusion, released in 2009. It is their first full-length release since being dropped by Elektra Records, and also their first since 2003's Commitment.
The album is composed of older b-sides and demos, plus a new song, "This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us." "Biggest Mistake" was previously released on Stubhy's side project Shock Stars' 2007 EP Feel for a Heartbeat. "When Bad News Gets Worse" was previously released on Lucky Boys Confusion's 2006 EP How to Get Out Alive.
Closing Arguments was released digitally on May 26, 2009 to iTunes and Amazon MP3. The physical release was on June 23, 2009.
Songs in Closing Arguments
"This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us" – 4:25
"Biggest Mistake" – 3:15
"18 Years" – 2:56
"Sidewalk Graves" – 3:40
"Blood Drops" – 5:13
"Hedonist II" – 2:56
"Shoulda Been Me" – 3:19
"Paint" – 3:04
"748" – 3:30
"City of God" – 2:59
"Leave On the Light" – 3:51
"When Bad News Gets Worse (Original Version)" – 3:45
Lucky Boys Confusion albums
2009 albums
Sverre B. Solberg (29 January 1960 – 9 February 2014) was a Norwegian actor.
They were born in Drøbak. They took their education at the National Academy of Theatre, graduating in 1984, and was employed at Rogaland Teater (1984–1990), Oslo Nye Teater (1990–1992) and Det Norske Teatret since 1992. They participated in several television series, notably Vestavind (1994–95), Soria Moria (2000), Fox Grønland (2001) and ''Hotel Cæsar (2009-2010).
References
1960 births
2014 deaths
People from Frogn
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male television actors
The sea lettuces comprise the genus Ulva, a group of edible green algae that is widely distributed along the coasts of the world's oceans. The type species within the genus Ulva is Ulva lactuca, lactuca being Latin for "lettuce". The genus also includes the species previously classified under the genus Enteromorpha, the former members of which are known under the common name green nori.
Description
Individual blades of Ulva can grow to be more than 400 mm (16 in) in size, but this occurs only when the plants are growing in sheltered areas. A macroscopic alga which is light to dark green in colour, it is attached by disc holdfast. Their structure is a leaflike flattened thallus.
Nutrition and contamination
Sea lettuce is eaten by a number of different sea animals, including manatees and the sea slugs known as sea hares. Many species of sea lettuce are a food source for humans in Scandinavia, Great Britain, Ireland, China, and Japan (where this food is known as aosa). Sea lettuce as food for humans is eaten raw in salads and cooked in soups. It is high in protein, soluble dietary fiber, and a variety of vitamins and minerals, especially iron. However, contamination with toxic heavy metals at certain sites where it can be collected makes it dangerous for human consumption.
Aquarium trade
Sea lettuce species are commonly found in the saltwater aquarium trade, where the plants are valued for their high nutrient uptake and edibility. Many reef aquarium keepers use sea lettuce species in refugia or grow it as a food source for herbivorous fish. Sea lettuce is very easy to keep, tolerating a wide range of lighting and temperature conditions. In the refugium, sea lettuce can be attached to live rock or another surface, or simply left to drift in the water.
Health concerns
In August 2009, unprecedented amounts of these algae washed up on the beaches of Brittany, France, causing a major public health scare as it decomposed. The rotting leaves produced large quantities of hydrogen sulfide, a toxic gas. In one incident near Saint-Michel-en-Grève, a horse rider lost consciousness and their horse died after breathing the seaweed fumes; in another, a lorry driver driving a load of decomposing sea lettuce passed out, crashed, and died, with toxic fumes claimed to be the cause. Environmentalists blamed the phenomenon on excessive nitrogenous compounds washed out to sea from improper disposal of pig and poultry animal waste from industrial farms.
Species
Species in the genus Ulva include:
Accepted species
Ulva acanthophora (Kützing) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva anandii Amjad & Shameel, 1993
Ulva arasakii Chihara, 1969
Ulva atroviridis Levring, 1938
Ulva australis Areschoug, 1854
Ulva beytensis Thivy & Sharma, 1966
Ulva bifrons Ardré, 1967
Ulva brevistipita V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva burmanica (Zeller) De Toni, 1889
Ulva californica Wille, 1899
Ulva chaetomorphoides (Børgesen) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva clathrata (Roth) C. Agardh, 1811
Ulva compressa Linnaeus, 1753
Ulva conglobata Kjellman, 1897
Ulva cornuta Lightfoot, 1777
Ulva covelongensis V. Krishnamurthy & H. Joshi, 1969
Ulva crassa V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva crassimembrana (V.J. Chapman) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva curvata (Kützing) De Toni, 1889
Ulva denticulata P.J.L. Dangeard, 1959
Ulva diaphana Hudson, 1778
Ulva elegans Gayral, 1960
Ulva enteromorpha Le Jolis, 1863
Ulva erecta (Lyngbye) Fries
Ulva expansa (Setchell) Setchell & N.L. Gardner, 1920
Ulva fasciata Delile, 1813
Ulva flexuosa Wulfen, 1803
Ulva geminoidea V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva gigantea (Kützing) Bliding, 1969
Ulva grandis Saifullah & Nizamuddin, 1977
Ulva hookeriana (Kützing) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland
Ulva hopkirkii (M'Calla ex Harvey) P. Crouan & H. Crouan
Ulva howensis (A.H.S. Lucas) Kraft, 2007
Ulva indica Roth, 1806
Ulva intestinalis Linnaeus, 1753
Ulva intestinaloides (R.P.T. Koeman & Hoek) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva javanica N.L. Burman, 1768
Ulva kylinii (Bliding) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva lactuca Linnaeus, 1753
Ulva laetevirens J.E. Areschoug, 1854
Ulva laingii V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva linearis P.J.L. Dangeard, 1957
Ulva linza Linnaeus, 1753
Ulva lippii Lamouroux
Ulva litoralis Suhr ex Kützing
Ulva littorea Suhr
Ulva lobata (Kützing) Harvey, 1855
Ulva marginata (J. Agardh) Le Jolis
Ulva micrococca (Kützing) Gobi
Ulva mutabilis Föyn, 1958
Ulva neapolitana Bliding, 1960
Ulva nematoidea Bory de Saint-Vincent, 1828
Ulva ohnoi Hiraoka & Shimada, 2004
Ulva olivascens P.J.L. Dangeard
Ulva pacifica Endlicher
Ulva papenfussii Pham-Hoang Hô, 1969
Ulva parva V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva paschima Bast
Ulva patengensis Salam & Khan, 1981
Ulva percursa (C. Agardh) C. Agardh
Ulva pertusa Kjellman, 1897
Ulva phyllosa (V.J. Chapman) Papenfuss
Ulva polyclada Kraft, 2007
Ulva popenguinensis P.J.L. Dangeard, 1958
Ulva porrifolia (S.G. Gmelin) J.F. Gmelin
Ulva profunda W.R. Taylor, 1928
Ulva prolifera O.F.Müller, 1778
Ulva pseudocurvata Koeman & Hoek, 1981
Ulva pseudolinza (R.P.T. Koeman & Hoek) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva pulchra Jaasund, 1976
Ulva quilonensis Sindhu & Panikkar, 1995
Ulva radiata (J. Agardh) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva ralfsii (Harvey) Le Jolis, 1863
Ulva ranunculata Kraft & A.J.K. Millar, 2000
Ulva reticulata Forsskål, 1775
Ulva rhacodes (Holmes) Papenfuss, 1960
Ulva rigida C. Agardh, 1823
Ulva rotundata Bliding, 1968
Ulva saifullahii Amjad & Shameel, 1993
Ulva serrata A.P.de Candolle
Ulva simplex (K.L. Vinogradova) Hayden, Blomster, Maggs, P.C. Silva, M.J. Stanhope & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva sorensenii V.J. Chapman, 1956
Ulva spinulosa Okamura & Segawa, 1936
Ulva stenophylla Setchell & N.L. Gardner, 1920
Ulva sublittoralis Segawa, 1938
Ulva subulata (Wulfen) Naccari
Ulva taeniata (Setchell) Setchell & N.L. Gardner, 1920
Ulva tanneri H.S. Hayden & J.R. Waaland, 2003
Ulva tenera Kornmann & Sahling
Ulva torta (Mertens) Trevisan, 1841
Ulva tuberosa Palisot de Beauvois
Ulva uncialis (Kützing) Montagne, 1850
Ulva uncinata Mohr
Ulva uncinata Mertens
Ulva usneoides Bonnemaison
Ulva utricularis (Roth) C. Agardh
Ulva utriculosa C. Agardh
Ulva uvoides Bory de Saint-Vincent
Ulva ventricosa A.P.de Candolle
Nomina dubia
Ulva costata Wollny, 1881
Ulva repens Clemente, 1807
Ulva tetragona A.P.de Candolle, 1807
A newly discovered Indian endemic species of Ulva with tubular thallus indistinguishable from Ulva intestinalis has been formally established in 2014 as Ulva paschima Bast.
References
External links
Marine botany: Ulva
Toxic seaweed clogs French coast (BBC)
Ulvaceae
Edible seaweeds
Edible algae
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Henry Willis (1821–1901) was an English organ builder.
Henry Willis may also refer to:
Henry Willis (politician) (1860–1950), Australian politician
Henry Brittan Willis (1810–1884), English painter of landscapes
Henry Parker Willis (1874–1937), American financial expert
Henry Willis (cricketer) (1841–1926), English cricketer
See also
Henry Willis & Sons, British pipe organ building company
Harry Albert Willis, Canadian politician
A.M.G.O.D. (Allotropic/Metamorphic Genesis of Dimorphism) is the third studio album by Finnish industrial black metal band, ...and Oceans. This album incorporates more electronic/industrial elements than past albums.
Track listing
Personnel
Killstar – Vocals
Tripster – guitar
7even II – guitar
Atomica – bass
Plasmaar – keyboards
Martex – drums
References
Havoc Unit albums
2001 albums
Century Media Records albums
The End is an Irish adult comedy late night television strand on Network Two/RTÉ Two in the Republic of Ireland. It was first broadcast September 1993, and last aired in May 1996.
The End was aired on Friday and Saturday night from 11pm to 2am. RTÉ used this show to test the audience appetite for late night TV. The End was presented by Barry Murphy on Friday nights and by Sean Moncrieff on Saturday nights. The End had a cult following of "drunks and teenagers" who would often ring into the show leaving bizarre late night messages for the presenters. Sean Moncrieff would be joined by a puppet called Septic in later seasons.
Barry Murphy would use The End to launch many of their Apres Match characters such as Frank Stapleton.
Sean Moncrieff would get a new chat show on RTÉ One called Good Grief Moncrieff, however this was not a success due in part to the conservative and mainstream RTÉ One audience. Later they would go on to present the RTÉ Two series Don't Feed the Gondolas.
Format
Barry Murphy presented Friday Nights with a mix of their surreal comedy and introductions to the classic BBC comedy series The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin and the US sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun.
Sean Moncrieff presented Saturday Nights with a mix of interviews and introductions to classic BBC comedy series Fawlty Towers and Yes, Minister.
Colin Murnane who had moved on from RTÉ young people's JMTV and Plastic Orange, appeared on both nights as a reporter.
History
The End would help to launch the careers of its two presenters, Sean Moncrieff now hosts their own daytime radio show on Newstalk, while Barry Murphy continues to be a very successful Irish comedian, while also starring in and writing Apres Match for RTÉ Sport.
The End's reporter Colin Murnane had appeared first on RTÉ's youth show JMTV moved to London to present for TCC, BBC, Sky1 and others, and to forge a career as one of the most successful Irish voice-overs in Soho.
It would also begin RTÉ's 24-hour services, up to this point both RTÉ One and Two aired until about midnight each night. The Network Two Night Shift strand would ultimately take over from The End. Night Shift would use the catchphrase "2 until 2" noting that Network Two would be on the air until 2am. Each night would have a specific theme, Sci-Fi on Mondays with shows like Stargate: SG1, Crime on Tuesdays with shows like Millennium and Profiler etc.
External links
http://www.poolbeg.com/authors/moncrieff_sean.htm
http://www.londonspeakerbureau.ie/barry_murphy.aspx
1993 Irish television series debuts
1996 Irish television series endings
Irish comedy television shows
RTÉ original programming
My Way (also known as The Winners) is a 1973 South African drama film directed by Emil Nofal and Roy Sargeant and starring Joe Stewardson, Richard Loring, Marie Du Toit and Tony Jay. It was followed by a sequel My Way II in 1977.
Cast
Joe Stewardson - Will Maddox
Richard Loring - Paul Maddox
Marie Du Toit - Fran Maddox
Tony Jay - Natie Kaplan
Madeleine Usher - Gillian Scott
John Higgins - Barry Maddox
Ken Leach - Tony Maddox
Diane Ridler - Gina
Jenny Meyer - Sandra Maddox
Ian Yule - Andy
Gregorio Fiasconaro - Mario
Marcello Fiasconaro - Dave Mc Allister
Clive Scott - Reporter
Barbara Kinghorn - Daisy
John Hayter - Doctor
Norman Coombes - Chairman
References
Bibliography
Tomaselli, Keyan. The cinema of apartheid: race and class in South African film. Routledge, 1989.
External links
1973 films
1973 drama films
1970s English-language films
English-language South African films
Films directed by Emil Nofal
South African drama films
The Hollywood Candy Company, or Hollywood Brands, was an American confectionery company formed in Hollywood, Carver County, Minnesota, in 1912 by Frank Martoccio.
History
Martoccio, head of the F.A. Martoccio Macaroni Company, acquired a defunct candy factory in 1911 for the sole purpose of replacing one of their own factory's machines that had burned out. Martoccio was talked into buying the entire Pratt and Langhoft Candy plant and found themselves in the confectionery business. They purchased another candy company, the Pendergast Candy Company of Minneapolis, in 1927, changing the name to Hollywood Brands in 1933. The Pendergast Company had discovered the method of making a fluffy nougat for candy bars, which was copied by Frank Mars for their Milky Way bars. Martoccio invented a synthetic coating for their candy bars to keep them from melting in warm temperatures. They used only the very best ingredients—real cocoa butter, eggs, etc.-- and was still able to sell their milk chocolate bars for 3 cents compared to the 5 cent Hershey bar (1955). That was not continued after the company was sold in 1967.
Hollywood Candy Company moved to Centralia, Illinois, in 1938. During the 1950s, Hollywood Candy Company owned a Crosley Super Sport, which was painted to look like the Zero candy bar wrapper and employed a midget to impersonate a character called Zero and drive around advertising the candy bar. In 1967, the Martoccio family sold Hollywood Brands to Consolidated Foods, later Sara Lee. The Centralia plant was destroyed in a fire in 1980.
In 1988 Hollywood Brands was acquired by the Leaf Candy Company, then became part of The Hershey Company in 1996.
Products
Amongst Hollywood's confectionery products were:
Butter-Nut (1916) with use of the name successfully defended in a court case challenging the name for use in a chocolate bar
Zero (1920) White coating that did not melt in heat. A silver wrapper with large blue and silver ZERO across the top. Still produced today (2020)
Milkshake (1927) (similar to a Milky Way bar, but with malt flavor instead of chocolate flavor only)
Pay Day (1932) Caramel nougat coated with whole peanuts. Still produced today (2020)
Hollywood (dark chocolate coating caramel, nougat and peanuts)
Big Time (a Milkshake bar with peanuts) Purple wrapper with Big Time written across the top
Red Sails
Smooth Sailin (dark chocolate coating walnut-flavored nougat) A blue wrapper with silver sailboats
747
Almond
Swinger
Buccaneers
Treasure Bar
Nut Sundae Bar
Sno King Candy Bar
Teddy Bear (peanuts, chocolate, nougat)
Nut Patti (almonds, chocolate, nougat)
Tafy Nut / Tofy-Nut
3 Big Bears (three chocolate bars in one)
Top Star (coconut, caramel, nougat)
References
Confectionery companies of the United States
American chocolate companies
Hollywood Candy Company
Companies established in 1912
Black is a small lunar impact crater that lies just to the southeast of the walled basin Kästner. To the south-southwest is the crater Ansgarius, and to the east is the small Dale. It is located near the eastern limb of the Moon, just to the southwest of the Mare Smythii.
Black is circular with a well-defined edge, and inner walls that slope down to a small interior floor. It is not notably marked by erosion or impacts. The northwest wall is separated from the rim of Kästner by less than one crater diameter. This crater was formerly designated Kästner F before it was named by the IAU.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Carter Township may refer to:
Carter Township, Ashley County, Arkansas
Carter Township, Spencer County, Indiana
Carter Township, Carter County, Missouri
Carter Township, Burke County, North Dakota
Carter Township, Tripp County, South Dakota
See also
Carter (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Jorge Juan was a sloop of the Spanish Navy which was sunk off Cuba during the Spanish–American War.
Technical characteristics
Jorge Juan was built at La Seyne in France. They were launched in 1876. They had a composite hull, one funnel, one screw, and a barque rig. They were the lead ship of a class of two sloops.
Operational history
During the Spanish–American War in 1898, Jorge Juan was in Cuba. They were anchored in Nipe Bay when, late on the morning of 21 July 1898, the United States Navy armed yacht and armed tug moved in toward Port Nipe in order to reconnoitre the bay. Wasp immediately sighted Jorge Juan at anchor some four miles up the bay. Wasp fired several shots at the signal station located at the bay's entrance, then sped forward to engage Jorge Juan. At 1244, Jorge Juan opened fire at extreme range, and Wasp returned fire immediately. Leyden, followed by the gunboats and , quickly joined in. As the range decreased, American gunfire became more accurate, and all four ships began scoring telling hits on Jorge Juan. Finally, at 1312, Jorge Juan stuck their colors. The four American warships ceased fire and watched Jorge Juan sink at 1342.
Notes
References
Chesneau, Roger, and Eugene M. Kolesnik, Eds. Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1860–1905. New York, New York: Mayflower Books Inc., 1979. .
Sloops
Ships of the Spanish Navy
Ships built in France
Spanish–American War naval ships of Spain
1876 ships
Maritime incidents in 1898
Shipwrecks in the Caribbean Sea
Shipwrecks of the Spanish–American War
Amy LaVere is an American singer, songwriter, upright bass player and actor based in Memphis, Tennessee. Them music is classified as Americana. They have released six albums on Memphis label Archer Records, and has acting credits in motion pictures.
Early life
LaVere was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, and grew up in Bethany, Louisiana, a small Texas–Louisiana border town in the Piney Woods region, nurtured by musical parents with a passion for traditional country music. Them family moved 13 times by the time they entered high school, ultimately landing in Detroit where LaVere fronted the alt rockband Last Minute while still in their teens.
Career
The early 1990s found LaVere in Nashville as part of the burgeoning Lower Broadway scene, where they began to play upright bass as half of the popular roots duo The Gabe & Amy Show. By 1999, they had moved to Memphis where they began work at Sun Studio.
In early 2006, LaVere released their debut album This World Is Not My Home on indie label Archer Records to instant national acclaim. They were joined on their album by many accomplished artists, including southern bluesman Jimbo Mathus, formerly of the Squirrel Nut Zippers. The Los Angeles Daily News raved at the time, "Something like this doesn't come along every day." LaVere also began a nascent acting career starting with their cameo as Rockabilly queen Wanda Jackson in Walk The Line and continued with featured role in Craig Brewer's Black Snake Moan.
In 2007, LaVere went into the studio with producer, Jim Dickinson to record their second album, Anchors & Anvils. Dickinson captured LaVere and band at their Zebra Ranch recording barn 'art project' in rural Mississippi.
Archer Records released Anchors and Anvils in May 2007. Them second album rose to number six on the Americana Music Charts and earned LaVere a nomination for the Americana Music Association Awards' Best New Or Emerging Artist. They toured the United States from coast to coast, played a series of dates with The Swell Season, performed at the Austin City Limits Festival, and shared the stage at the Americana Music Conference with Lyle Lovett, Todd Snider, and others.
On October 1, 2008, they opened for Seasick Steve at the Royal Albert Hall in London. In 2009 they opened for musical group Lucero on their 1372 Overton Park US Tour and also toured as a special guest with Seasick Steve.
In 2011, LaVere released their third album Stranger Me to critical acclaim. Spin Magazine called it "the breakup album of the year." Q Magazine, the Daily Mirror and The Sun all awarded it four stars. Paste Magazine said: "LaVere could rest on their lyrics alone, which are witty and feisty enough to stand on their own, but by giving their band boundless license to indulge any whim or eccentricity, they have crafted a well-rounded album that is already among the year's best."
In July 2011, LaVere and their band (guitarist David Cousar, violinist/keyboardist Krista Wroten-Combest and drummer Shawn Zorn), promoted the UK release of Stranger Me in London and France. On September 28, 2011, LaVere was named "Best Singer in Memphis" for the second consecutive year by the city of Memphis, Tennessee.
In the spring of 2012, LaVere joined band leader Luther Dickinson (of The North Mississippi Allstars), guitarist Shannon McNally, banjo player Valerie June and drummer and fife player Sharde Thomas, in the quintet bluegrass group, The Wandering. They released their debut album "Go On Now, You Can't Stay Here", and spent the spring of 2012 touring after the record's release. LaVere and McNally have partnered up to tour as a duo in October 2012 as part of their "Chasing the Ghost" tour.
In 2013 LaVere teamed up with Memphis musician John Paul Keith and longtime live drummer Shawn Zorn, performing and recording as "Motel Mirrors".
In 2014 Amy released their 6th Studio record "Runaway's Diary". It was produced by Luther Dickinson
In 2019 Amy released their 7th studio record "Painting Blue" This record was produced by their husband Will Sexton
To present Amy continues to tour and write music.
Discography
2006: This World Is Not My Home
2007: Anchors and Anvils
2009: "Died of Love" (EP)
2011: Stranger Me
2014: Runaway's Diary
2015: Hallelujah I'm a Dreamer (live album)
2019: Painting Blue
Filmography
References
Watch
Amy LaVere quartet performance on November 30, 2011, at Sportsmens Tavern and Music Hall in Buffalo, New York: Set 1. Set 2
External links
Amy LaVere at Archer Records
"Amy LaVere: Country with a Cathartic Twang" by David Dye, World Cafe, NPR, May 14, 2007
It's Anchors Away For Amy LaVere at HonestTune.com
Amy Lavere – IMDb profile on IMDB.com
Stranger Me Paste Magazine Review
https://www.folkradio.co.uk/2020/03/amy-lavere-painting-blue/
Living people
American double-bassists
American women singer-songwriters
People from Caddo Parish, Louisiana
21st-century double-bassists
1975 births
21st-century American women
Singer-songwriters from Louisiana
Thirty Tigers artists
Valeria Troitskaya (1917 - 2010) was a Russian geophysicist who is known for their work on Ultra Low Frequency (ULF) waves.
Early life
Troitskaya was born in Petrograd (today known as St. Petersburg) on November 15, 1917, during Soviet suppression. Even when young, their gifts were exceptional. They excelled in music (piano) and sports and became fluent in French and German in addition to their native Russian. Later they learned English. Them mastery of many languages gave them easy access to world communications. They were always well read in the popular literature of many countries as well as their scientific literature.
In 1937 at a time of intense political persecution referred to as the Great Purge, their father was arrested by the Soviet secret police (KGB). Twenty-year-old Valeria managed to send a telegram to the dreaded Beria who was directing the ruthless extermination of large numbers of “enemies of the people”. Remarkably, their pleas on their father's behalf were successful in obtaining their release in three years. In 2000 they provided an account of their negotiations (Telegram to Beria) in the Russian literary magazine Neva.
In 1940, at age 23, Valeria graduated from Leningrad State University with a Masters in Geophysics, and spent the next four war years in Kazan, the capital of Tatarstan, teaching German to Soviet officers. They returned to Leningrad and married Alexander Waisenberg, a well-known nuclear physicist. Twins Katia and Peter were born to the young couple in 1946 and the following year the family moved to Moscow.
Career
In 1950, Valeria became a graduate student at the Institute of Physics of the Earth in Moscow. In 1953 they obtained their Ph.D. specializing in the study of geomagnetic micropulsations (magnetic pulsations in current parlance)—naturally occurring Ultra Low Frequency (ULF) sinusoidal variations of the geomagnetic field with periods of about one second to ten minutes as recorded on special magnetograms. They remained at the Institute of the Physics of the Earth until 1989, serving as chairperson of the Electromagnetics Department for the last 27 years.
Recognizing the importance of understanding the spatial and temporal properties of ULF waves, Valeria advocated the installation of magnetic observatories in Russia and in other countries. They established magnetic observatories all over Russia, with a particularly notable one at the research community in the village of Borok, located halfway between Leningrad and Moscow. They developed joint research programs with Germany, Finland, England, the United States, Japan, Hungary, India, Cuba, Czechoslovakia and Australia. Especially with France they developed a program studying activity at geomagnetic conjugate points in the southern and northern hemispheres. In order to gain international support for their area of research and to facilitate communication between Soviet scientists and their colleagues elsewhere, they were active in many international scientific organizations including IAGA (International Association for Geodesy and Aeronomy) and COSPAR (Committee on Space Research). Through these activities and their scientific connections, they developed many close friendships. They maintained many of these friendships through correspondence until the time of their death.
The author of more than 300 scientific articles, Valeria received many awards at home and abroad. They were a Foreign Member of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters and the Academia Leopoldina of Germany. The Royal Astronomical Society of London conferred on them the prestigious award of Associate. They were elected Honorary Member of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics and served as member of its Bureau. They were the first woman to be elected President of the International Union of Geomagnetism and Aeronomy. After moving to Australia in 1989, they became an Honorary Professor of the Department of Physics at La Trobe University. They were on the Steering Committee of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Program from its start until September 1990.
In the early days of the space age, after extensively studying magnetograms from all over the world, Valeria developed a system of names for different types of magnetic pulsations, identifying them as either continuous (Pc's), or irregular (Pi's). They introduced colorful language (such as “pearls”) to characterize the appearance of some of these waves on magnetic records. Among Valeria's notable publications is a paper that formally established this nomenclature for types of ULF waves and influenced permanently the way magnetic pulsations are analyzed. In another key paper, Valeria proposed that power in waves of 10s of second period observed on the surface of the earth could be used to infer the magnitude of the interplanetary magnetic field in the solar wind upstream of Earth's magnetosphere. This bold insight was confirmed by later work.
In 1996, a special session was held at the spring meeting of the American Geophysical Union to honor them in anticipation of their 80th birthday. Organized by Margaret Kivelson and David Southwood, the symposium entitled “ULF Waves: A Tribute to Valeria Troitskaya” brought together colleagues from many countries who paid tribute to their beloved and much appreciated Mme. Troitskaya and described how their work on magnetic pulsations had provided the basis for major advances in understanding the magnetosphere and its dynamics.
Later life
Valeria's first husband Alexander Waisenberg died in 1985. In 1989 they married the well-known scientist Keith Cole. Keith also had been President of IAGA and was professor at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Australia. Keith and Valeria traveled and worked together in many parts of the world, including extensive stays at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Eventually they settled in Melbourne.
Valeria Troitskaya died in Melbourne, Australia, on January 22, 2010, at age 92.
References
1917 births
2010 deaths
Russian geophysicists
Women geophysicists
20th-century women scientists
Enrique J. Wirth (born 25 January 1925) was an Argentine modern pentathlete. They competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
Possibly living people
Argentine male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Argentina
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
North Carolina gained one representative as a result of the Census of 1810. Its elections were held April 30, 1813, after the term began but before Congress's first meeting.
See also
North Carolina's 3rd congressional district special election, 1813
United States House of Representatives elections, 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from North Carolina
Notes
1813
North Carolina
United States House of Representatives
21st U-boat Flotilla ("21. Unterseebootsflottille") was a unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine before and during World War II. It was formed in 1935 as a Schulverband ("School Unit") based at Kiel under the command of Kapitän zur See Kurt Slevogt (Chef des Schulverbandes).
In May 1937 the unit moved to Neustadt and was redesignated as the Unterseebootsschulflottille, ("U-boat School Flotilla"), commanded by Kapitänleutnant Heinz Beduhn.
In June 1940 it was redesignated 21. Unterseebootsflottille, and in July 1941 the flotilla moved bases to Pillau. The flotilla was disbanded in March 1945.
Flotilla commanders
Kapitän zur See Kurt Slevogt (1935—1937)
Kapitänleutnant Heinz Beduhn (November 1937—March 1940)
Korvettenkapitän Paul Büchel (March 1940—June 1943)
Korvettenkapitän Otto Schuhart (June 1943—September 1944)
Kapitänleutnant Herwig Collmann (September 1944—March 1945)
Assigned U-boats
Fifty-one U-boats were assigned to this flotilla during its service.
References
21
Military units and formations established in 1935
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Juan García y Margallo (12 July 1839 – 28 October 1893) was a Spanish governor of Melilla (1891–93) and general who was defeated and killed during the Rif War, which is also called the Margallo War after him.  They are the great grandfather of Spanish diplomat and former Minister of Foreign Affairs José Manuel García-Margallo.
References
External links
Rif War 1893-1894
Wars of the World - The Rif War 1893
Las Guerras de Marruecos
Spanish generals
Spanish military personnel killed in action
History of Melilla
1893 deaths
19th-century Spanish people
1839 births
Spanish military personnel of the Third Carlist War (Governmental faction)
The Emigration Act, 1982 is an Act passed by the Government of India to regulate emigration of people from India, with the stated goal of reducing fraud or exploitation of Indian workers recruited to work overseas. The Act imposed a requirement of obtaining emigration clearance (also called POE clearance) from the office of Protector of Emigrants (POE), Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs for people emigrating from India for work. As of 2017, this requirement applies only for people going to one of 18 listed countries.
Background
Indians emigrated, both temporarily and permanently, to a number of countries, including the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, and the economies of south-east Asia. The bulk of emigration from the 1970s onward was to the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. Recruiting agents played a role in connecting workers to foreign jobs and charged the workers or the employers some share of the revenue. The Emigration Act, 1983 was passed to address concerns related to defrauding and exploitation of workers by the recruiting agents and other problems they might face upon going abroad.
Provisions
Creation of the office of Protector of Emigrants (Chapter II)
Chapter II, Section 3 of the Act provided that the Central Government may appoint a Protector General of Emigrants and as many Protectors of Emigrants (POE) as it sees fit, as well as their respective areas of operation. Later Sections of Chapter II defined the duties of Protectors of Emigrants in more detail, provided for emigration check-points, and provided for other emigration officers.
Registration of recruiting agents (Chapter III)
The Act made the Protector General of Emigrants and other Protectors of Emigrants the authorities who could register recruiting agents. A person could operate as a recruiting agent for emigrants only if registered. The Act also provided details on the application, terms and conditions, renewal, and cancellation of registration.
Permits for recruitment by employers (Chapter IV)
All employers were required to recruit either through a recruiting agent with a valid registration, or obtain a permit for recruitment. The procedure for obtaining, validity period, and cancellation of permits was detailed in the law.
Emigration clearance (Chapter V)
Any citizen of India seeking to emigrate was required to have emigration clearance from the Protectorate of Emigrants (POE). The application process for emigration clearance, and potential grounds for rejection, were detailed.
As of 2017, passport holders could either have ECR status (emigration check required) in which case they need to obtain emigration clearance, or have ECNR status (emigration check not required) in which case they do not need to obtain emigration clearance. The ECR/ECNR distinction does not appear to have been stated in the original language of the Emigration Act, 1983, which seems to suggest that anybody emigrate for work is required to obtain emigration clearance. The requirements for getting to ECNR status have been progressively relaxed over time, starting from being restricted to people such as graduates and income tax payers and now applying to a much wider set of people including those who have completed matriculation (class 10 of school).
Other provisions
Chapter VI described the appeals process
Chapter VII provided details on offences and penalties
Chapter VIII covered miscellaneous items
References
1983 in India
Emigration
Abdulla Abduréhim is a Uyghur actor and singer known for Uyghur pop music. They also currently serves as a judge on the reality talent show The Voice of the Silk Road.
Known as the "King of Uyghur Pop", Abduréhim's musical career and popularity has endured to the present day, with their work ranging from love songs and ballads to political and social commentary.
Abduréhim's cousin is Möminjan Ablikim, another prominent Uyghur musician.
See also
Ablajan Awut Ayup
Erkin Abdulla
References
Uyghur music
Male pop singers
Rudolf Bolling Teusler M.D. (1876 - 1934) was a medical physician and lay missionary to Japan who worked under the auspices of the Foreign and Domestic Missionary Society of the American Episcopal Church.
Teusler is remembered in Japan as the founding physician, chief fundraiser and administrative head of St. Luke's International Hospital, an institution founded in 1902, that continues to operate as a high profile hospital and medical teaching facility in central Tokyo.  They are also remembered for their pioneering work in the establishment of Japan's first college of nursing, as well as for public health, child welfare and preventative medicine programs.
Early life and career
Teusler was born in Rome, Georgia, and grew up in Richmond, Virginia. A cousin of First Lady of the United States, Edith Bolling Galt Wilson. A graduate of the Medical College of Virginia at the age of 18 in 1894. They went on to complete post graduate studies and internships at Bellevue Hospital New York, and other hospitals in Baltimore, Montreal and Quebec. They then returned to Richmond as an Assistant Professor of Pathology and Bacteriology at the Medical College of Virginia.
With encouragement from their brother-in-law, Rev. Edmund Lee Woodward M.D., a medical missionary to Anqing, China, Teusler and their wife Mary first set out for Japan in 1900, as the fourth medical physician and lay missionary appointed to that country under the auspices of the American Episcopal Church. As an active member of the Nippon Sei Ko Kai, Teusler organized and headed the Tokyo Chapter of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew, an Anglican men's group devoted to Bible study and active lay ministry.
In addition to founding St. Luke's international Hospital in Tokyo in 1902, Teusler is renowned for establishing the first professional training school for nurses in Japan, with their superintendent of nurses, Iyo Araki. Due to Teusler's reputation as a gifted surgeon and skill as an administrator and fundraiser, the hospital grew and expanded rapidly. Teusler's many supporters in the United States generously contributed for a complete rebuilding of the hospital facilities in the wake if the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923. Teusler was also a far sighted hospital administrator; by always choosing to surround themselves with western-trained Japanese staff such as Dr. Kawase Motokuro and Araki Iyo as Head Nurse, they ensured that the hospital had sufficiently Japanese roots to enable it to flourish long after their eventual retirement.
With the rank of Lt Colonel, Teusler also served as a Commissioner of the Red Cross, with Allied Forces in Vladivostok, Siberia from 1918 - 1921. In this capacity they organized field hospitals and medical teams across Siberia supplying medical relief to Czech, Slovak, and White Russian forces as they sought, unsuccessfully, to halt the advance of the Red Army.
Awards and recognition
Teusler was awarded the Fifth Star of the Order of the Rising Sun by the Japanese Government for their contributions to public health and the development of modern medical practice in Japan. They were also awarded the Russian medal of St. Vladimir and the Czechoslovak war medal for their assistance in the evacuation of injured Czech prisoners of war from Vladivostok.
References
American Anglican missionaries
Anglican missionaries in Japan
1876 births
1934 deaths
American expatriates in Japan
Christian medical missionaries
Fatigue of welded joints can occur when poorly made or highly stressed welded joints are subjected to cyclic loading. Welding is a manufacturing method used to join various materials in order to form an assembly. During welding, joints are formed between two or more separate pieces of material which can introduce defects or residual stresses. Under cyclic loading these defects can grow a fatigue crack, causing the assembly to fail even if these cyclic stresses are low and smaller than the base material and weld filler material yield stress. Hence, the fatigue strength of a welded joint does not correlate to the fatigue strength of the base material. Incorporating design considerations in the development phase can reduce failures due to fatigue in welded joints.
Stress-Life method
Similar to high cycle fatigue analysis, the stress life method utilizing stress-cycle curves (also known as Wöhler curves) can be used to determine the strength of a welded joint under fatigue loading. Welded sample specimens undergo repeated loading at a specified stress amplitude, or fatigue strength, until the material fails. This same test is then repeated with various stress amplitudes in order to determine its corresponding cycles, N, to failure. With the data collected, fatigue strength can be plotted against the corresponding number of cycles for a specific material, welded joint and loading. From these curves, the endurance limit, finite-life and infinite-life region can then be determined.
Factors affecting fatigue
Welding residual stresses
During the welding process, residual stresses can present themselves in the area of the weld, either in the heat affected zone or fusion zone. The mean stress a welded joint may see in application, can be altered due to the welding processes implementing residual stresses, changing the fatigue life and can render S-N laboratory testing results. Welded assemblies, with geometrical imperfections, can also introduce residual stresses. Removal of residual stresses by stress relief methods can only be partially achieved. Residual stresses can still remain in a welded joint even after some of these stress relief methods have been achieved.
Member thickness
An increase in thickness of a base material decreases the fatigue strength when a crack propagates from the toe of a welded joint. This is due to an increase in residual stress concentrations in thick material cross-sections.
Material type
All materials have varying physical and mechanical properties. As a materials ultimate tensile strength increases, this does not lead to an increase in fatigue strength. This is not the case when evaluating materials that do not contain welded joints. Therefore, stress-cycle curves for welded joints cannot be correlated to the materials ultimate tensile strength. Most design information has been developed for structural steels.
Welding process
Many welding processes are available for various applications and environments. Stress-cycle curves are not available for all of these processes and still need to be developed so that proper fatigue analysis can be performed. The most abundant process found in stress-cycle curves is developed from specimens prepared by arc welding.
Surrounding environment
The surrounding environment can effect the fatigue life of a welded assembly, often lowering it. Points such as temperature, moisture, and geographical location are considered part of the surrounding environment. Environments which contain seawater may see decreased fatigue life due to the increase in crack growth rates. Little information is available in this area, but it is known that if a base material is subjected to corrosion, the fatigue strength can decrease to what is similarly found in welded joints.
Avoiding fatigue failures of a welded joint
Since the presence of cracks reduces fatigue life and accelerates failure, it is important to avoid all cracking mechanisms in order to prolong the fatigue life of a welded joint. Other weld defects, such as inclusions and lack of penetration, should also be avoided due to these defects being the source of where cracks can initiate. Detailed review of the welded joint during the design is another way to reduce failures. Ensuring that the design is able to handle the cyclic loading profile will prevent premature failures. Additional resources through design handbooks are also available to aid in designing the welded joint to optimize fatigue life. Finite element analysis can also be used to successfully predict fatigue failure.
References
Welding
Mechanical failure
Fracture mechanics
The 2017–18 Honduran Liga Nacional de Ascenso was the 51st season of the Second level in Honduran football and the 16th under the name Liga Nacional de Ascenso. The tournament was divided into two halves (Apertura and Clausura), each crowning one champion. As winners of both tournaments, Infop RNP was promoted to 2018–19 Honduran Liga Nacional.
Apertura
The Apertura tournament ran from 19 August to 30 December 2017. Infop RNP obtained the title after defeating Villanueva F.C. with a 2–1 aggregate score in the final series.
Regular season
Standings
Postseason
Play-offs
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Clausura
The Clausura tournament was played in the first half of 2018.
Regular season
Standings
Postseason
Play-offs
Quarterfinals
Note: Yoro and Estrella Roja finished with a 3–3 aggregated score. Estrella Roja was disqualified for abandoning the second leg by not accepting a late penalty at the 89th minute.
Semifinals
Final
Promotion
As winners of both Apertura and Clausura, Infop RNP was automatically promoted to 2018–19 Honduran Liga Nacional and no promotion play off was required.
References
Ascenso
2017
Juan de Borja may refer to:
Juan de Borja Lanzol de Romaní, el mayor (1446–1503), held various positions in the Catholic Church, including archbishop of Monreale
Juan de Borja Lanzol de Romaní, el menor (1470–1500), held various positions in the Catholic Church, including Papal Legate under their grand-uncle, Pope Alexander VI
Juan Castellar y de Borja (1441–1505), held various positions in the Catholic Church, including Archbishop of Trani
Juan Buenaventura de Borja y Armendia (1564–1628), held various positions in the New Kingdom of Granada, present day Colombia
Juan de Borja y Enríquez de Luna (1495–1543), 3rd Duke of Gandía
See also
Juan Borja (motorcycle racer) (born 1970), Spanish Grand Prix rider
Juan Joya Borja (1956–2021), Spanish comedian and actor known by the stage name El Risitas
Giovanni Borgia (disambiguation)
Held In Trust is a lost 1920 American silent romance film directed by John Ince and produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. The film stars May Allison.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, struck by their resemblance to Adelaide Rutherford, dissolute husband Hasbrouck Rutherford (Long) and attorney Jasper Haig (Elliott) inveigle shop girl Mary Manchester (Allison) into impersonating the wealthy woman. Hasbrouck and Jasper have been misusing the funds of the wife and their pending death threatens their exposure. Because Adelaide's husband's evil dissipations have driven them insane and separated them, the conspirators believe the duplicity can be easily effected and the funds and knowledge of their death kept from their heir, their nephew Stanford Gorgas (Foss). An associate of Stanford convinces them that there is something mysterious about the situation, and they proceed to investigate. They visit Mary in the Rutherford home, and they learn that they are the heir. Appealing to him, they rescue them from the hands of the plotters, only to have the conspirators' carefully laid scheme bring Mary back into their hands. An attempt by Hasbrouck to force their attentions on Mary results in the death of attorney Jasper and their own insanity, leaving the funds to the lovers and allowing them to live in peace.
Cast
May Allison as Mary Manchester
Darrell Foss as Stanford Gorgas
Walter Long as Hasbrouck Rutherford
John Elliott as Jasper Haig (credited as John H. Elliott)
Lawrence Grant as Dr. Babcock
G. Burnell Manly as Dr. David Kirkland
Teddy Whack as Dog
References
External links
Glass slide
1920 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Metro Pictures films
1920s romance films
American black-and-white films
1920 lost films
Lost romance films
1920s American films
Classical dance may refer to:
Ballet, particularly classical ballet
Indian classical dance
Traditional forms of dancing in other cultures, such as Japanese traditional dance or Chinese traditional dance
See also
Ballroom dance
Terrence "Lee" Zehrer, (born June 3, 1947, in Sauk Centre, Minnesota) is an American entrepreneur and internet pioneer.  They are best known as the founder of the first picture personal online dating service, Kiss.com.
Biography
Lee was raised on a dairy farm in rural Minnesota before entering the Navy and serving a tour of active duty in the Vietnam War. Upon returning to the states, they enrolled in St. Cloud State University and received a B.S. in Business Finance. Lee is a brother of Emmy nominated American film director, Paul Zehrer, Star Valley Flowers owner John Zehrer, and the uncle of former Kansas City Royals pitcher Zach Peterson. They currently reside in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Kiss.com/Udate/Match.com
Lee registered and founded Kiss.com in 1994. Kiss became the first picture personals sites to reach a million registered members and saw 400 percent revenue growth in 1999. In 2001, Kiss.com merged with UK dating company, Udate.com, in a deal worth approximately $18 million in common stock and cash. After the acquisition, Lee sat on the board of directors as the majority stockholder for the conglomerate until in 2003, when IAC/InterActiveCorp acquired Udate/Kiss and merged to form what is now Match.com in a deal worth approximately $150 million. Kiss.com has since dissolved as a part of IAC's personals business which includes Match.com and Chemistry.com. Lee currently holds a position on the board of directors for the internet company, eVenues.com, and is an advisor for many other startup businesses.
Philanthropy
Lee is now a philanthropist, investor, and business advisor.  They are a large donor/contributor to the Libertarian Party, Allen Institute for Brain Science, the Freedom From Religion Foundation, and the Methuselah Foundation.
References
External links
Kiss.com/Udate
eVenues.com
American computer businesspeople
Living people
1947 births
St. Cloud State University alumni
Voyria, commonly known as ghostplants, is a genus of 20 species of herbaceous perennial plants, belonging to the family Gentianaceae. They are mostly native to warm temperate and tropical regions of the Caribbean, Central America and South America, except for V. primuloides, which is found in West and Central Africa. V. parasitica reaches as far north as the Everglades in Florida.
Unlike most plants, they do not contain chlorophyll; they are myco-heterotrophs, getting their food through parasitism upon fungi rather than photosynthesis. Their roots are thick and densely clustered, forming a "birds nest" that house their fungus host. Depending on the species, the flowers can be single or held in corymbs of many individual flowers. The stems are usually pallid, with reduced scale-like foliage. The flowers can vary in colour, with white or yellow predominating, and blue and pink also occurring. Like all myco-heterotrophs, they are capable of living in very dark conditions, such as the floor of deep forests, because they no longer derive energy from sunlight.
Voyria is subdivided into two subgenera, Voyria and Leiphaimos. The latter, which contains a majority of the species, is characterized by highly reduced features, lacking both stomates and a continuous vascular cylinder. The lack of chloroplast genes has caused some difficulty in better understanding its relationships within the family. Seeds are dispersed by wind.
Species list
Voyria acuminata Benth. - Venezuela, Brazil
Voyria alvesiana E.F.Guim., T.S.Mendes & N.G.Silva - Pará
Voyria aphylla (Jacq.) Pers. - Caribbean, Mexico to Brazil
Voyria aurantiaca Splitg. - Lesser Antilles, Panama to Brazil
Voyria caerulea Aubl. - Venezuela, the Guianas, Brazil
Voyria chionea Benth. - Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil
Voyria clavata Splitg. - Venezuela, the Guianas, Brazil
Voyria corymbosa Splitg. - Venezuela, the Guianas, Brazil
Voyria crucitasensis Y.Guillén & G.Vargas - N Costa Rica
Voyria flavescens Griseb. - Mexico to Brazil, Trinidad
Voyria kupperi (Suess.) Ruyters & Maas - Costa Rica, Panama
Voyria obconica Progel - Atlantic Forest of Brazil
Voyria parasitica (Schltdl. & Cham.) Ruyters & Maas - Central America, Caribbean, S Florida
Voyria primuloides Baker - Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Congo Republic
Voyria pulcherrima (Standl.) L.O.Williams - Panama
Voyria rosea Aubl. - Venezuela and the Guianas
Voyria spruceana Benth. - Costa Rica to Brazil
Voyria tenella Guilding ex Hook. - Caribbean, Mexico to Brazil
Voyria tenuiflora Griseb. - Venezuela, the Guianas, Brazil
Voyria truncata (Standl.) Standl. & Steyerm. - Chiapas to Colombia
References
Gentianaceae
Parasitic plants
Flora of North America
Gentianaceae genera
Flora of South America
Flora of Africa
Flora of the Caribbean
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Central America
Behind the Lines may refer to:
Books
Behind the Lines: The Year's Best Cartoons 2010 National Museum of Australia
Behind the Lines: Hanoi, December 23-January 7 Harrison E. Salisbury 1967
Behind the Lines (novel), a 1930 novel by W. F. Morris
Behind the Lines (book), a 2005 collection of letters written by soldiers during the wars in American history
Film and TV
Behind the Lines (1916 film), a 1916 film starring Harry Carey
Behind the Lines (1997 film), Regeneration (1997 film) or Behind the Lines, a 1997 film
"Behind the Lines" (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine), an episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Behind the Lines, 1985 BBC Television documentary series Mountain Leader Training Cadre
Music
Behind the Lines Cecil Coles
Behind the Lines (John Schumann album)
Behind the Lines (David Knopfler album)
Behind the Lines, John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew
"Behind the Lines" (Genesis song)
See also
Behind Enemy Lines (disambiguation)
Paulo Andrés Garcés Contreras (born 2 August 1984) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Chilean Segunda División club Deportes Valdivia as a goalkeeper.
Career
Garcés made their debut in 2003 against Santiago Wanderers in the closing championship at San Carlos de Apoquindo Stadium. They were loaned out to Deportes Puerto Montt in 2004 and 2007
After returning from the loan Deportes Puerto Montt, Universidad Católica loaned them to Lobos de la BUAP of Primera "A" of Mexican soccer. After their experience in Mexico, they return to Chile to play in Everton de Viña del Mar team in which they were on the starting eleven sometimes. In 2009, they return to Universidad Católica willing to win a place on the starting eleven of coach Marco Antonio Figueroa.
In 2013, they won the Apertura 2013–14 with O'Higgins. In the tournament, they played 16 matches receiving 12 goals; including the final versus Universidad Católica, where they were a key player after made saves in the final minutes.
In 2014, they won the Supercopa de Chile against Deportes Iquique, but did not play because they were called up for the Chile national team.
They participated with the club in the 2014 Copa Libertadores where they faced Deportivo Cali, Cerro Porteño and Lanús, being third and being eliminated in the group stage.
In 2021, after playing six matches for Primera B club San Luis de Quillota, they resigned. At the same year, they joined Deportes Valdivia in the Segunda División Profesional de Chile.
Personal life
Garcés is married with the model Joyce Castiblanco. The couple have three children: Florencia, Benjamín and Paulo.
Although their father, Patricio, was a goalkeeper, from their paternal line their relatives are mainly inclined towards arts and music: Their older brother, Óscar, is an actor and former goalkeeper of Colo-Colo at youth level and both their younger brother, Miguel, and their cousins, Andrés de León (stage name of Christian Garcés) and Patricio Garcés, are singers.
Honours
Club
Universidad Católica
Primera División de Chile: 2005–A, 2010
Universidad de Chile
Primera División: 2012–A
O'Higgins
Primera División: 2013–A
Supercopa de Chile: 2014
Colo Colo
Primera División: 2015–A
Individual
2012 Copa Sudamericana Team of the Tournament
2013 Jugador Experto Easy del Año
Medalla Santa Cruz de Triana (1): 2014
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Linares Province
People from Maule Region
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
Puerto Montt footballers
Lobos BUAP footballers
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Universidad de Chile footballers
Unión La Calera footballers
O'Higgins F.C. footballers
Colo-Colo footballers
C.D. Antofagasta footballers
Curicó Unido footballers
San Luis de Quillota footballers
Deportes Valdivia footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Ascenso MX players
Primera B de Chile players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
2011 Copa América players
2015 Copa América players
Copa América-winning players
Chilean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Chilean expatriates in Mexico
Association football goalkeepers
Xi Jinping's visit to Italy and France was a state visit of President and General Secretary Xi Jinping of China to Italy and France from 21–26 March 2019. It was their second trip to the Southern European region in five months, the first state visit to Italy and France in 10 and 5 years respectively and their first foreign trip of 2019. It also coincided with the 55th anniversary of the establishment of China-France relations in 1964. During the visits, Xi met with Emmanuel Macron and Giuseppe Conte, the President of France and Prime Minister of Italy respectively. The two visits were part of a bigger European trip by Xi which also included a visit to Monaco to meet with Albert II, Prince of Monaco. A topic that came up in both visits was the Belt and Road Initiative.
Italy visit
First day (21 March)
Xi and their wife Peng Liyuan arrived at Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport in the early hours of 21 March. Xi was welcomed with honors by President Sergio Mattarella at the Quirinal Palace, which included an inspection of Italian Army Band Rome, a tri-service honour guard and a mounted Corazzieri formation. After the welcoming ceremony, the two held bilateral talks in a one-on-one and expanded format. During their talks, they agreed. Following their meeting, Xi went to the Altare della Patria to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. They then held talks with Chamber of Deputies President Roberto Fico and Senate President Elisabetta Casellati.
Second day (22 March)
The next day, President Xi and President Mattarella took part in the Italy-China Business Forum, the Italian-Chinese Cultural Forum and of the Italy-China Cooperation Forum in Third Countries. They then held a joint press conference at the Quirinale.
They then took part in an arrival ceremony at the Villa Madama by the Arma dei Carabinieri with Prime Minister Conte later in the day. The two countries then signed a memorandum on the advancement of the Belt and Road Initiative. At the end of the talks, a signing ceremony of the agreements and the agreements between Italian and Chinese ministers, officials, and business people took place.
The list of documents signed included the following:
Joint press statement
Memorandum of Understanding in the area of the Economic Silk Road and the Maritime Silk Road Initiative
Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of China and the Government of Italy
Institutional agreements
Commercial agreements
The 29 deals that were signed were worth more than 7 billion euros.
In the evening, President Mattarella held a state dinner in honor of President Xi and their wife Peng Liyuan. After the dinner, a concert involving Italian singer and songwriter Andrea Bocelli took place.
Third day (23 March)
Xi left for Monte Carlo, Monaco on the afternoon of 23 March. They were given a farewell ceremony outside the Quirinale by the Italian Armed Forces and was seen off by President Matarella.
France visit
While en route to Paris from Monaco, Xi stopped in the evening of 24 March to the resort city of Nice to meet with President Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron. The two brought their spouses to the seaside village of Beaulieu-sur-Mer, where they dined that night.
First Day (25 March)
The next morning, Xi and Macron went to the Arc de Triomphe in Paris to attend a welcoming ceremony and a wreath laying ceremony. During the ceremony, Xi met with French war veterans and signed their name in the guest book. Honors were rendered by a quad-service honour guard and the French Republican Guard Band. The two held talks inside the Elysee Palace, before attending the signing of bilateral agreements. 15 commercial agreements were signed, including a $34 billion between the China Aviation Supplies Holding Company (CASC) and European aerospace corporation Airbus. Deals were also signed between various energy corporations and shipping lines.
On 25 March, Xi was honoured with a state dinner at the Elysee Palace by President Macron. Guests included French actor Alain Delon, French-Chinese painter Yan Pei-Ming and Chinese actor Gong Li.
Second day (26 March)
Aside from Macron, they also held talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker, both in separate and quadrilateral meetings. Topics that were discussed included the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), the 2018–19 Korean peace process, multilateralism, and the joint efforts to develop the African continent. After the meeting, Xi was seen off by President Macron at the Elysee before headed to their Beijing-bound plane at Charles de Gaulle Airport.
See also
China–Italy relations
China–France relations
List of international trips made by Xi Jinping
References
China–France relations
China–Italy relations
2019 in international relations
History of the foreign relations of France
History of the foreign relations of China
March 2019 events in Europe
Xi Jinping visits
March 2019 events in Italy
March 2019 events in France
Imre Augustich or Agostich ( September 29/30, 1837 – July 17, 1879) was a Slovene writer, poet, journalist, and representative of Vas county in the National Assembly of Hungary. They were the author of Prijátel (Friend), the first newspaper in Prekmurje Slovene.
Augustich was born in Murski Petrovci (Prekmurje). Their father, Lajos Augustich, was a petty nobleman and economic officer for the Szapáry family. Their mother, Julianna Zanaty, was born in Szombathely. Augustich studied in Szombathely and Budapest, and early in their career was a notary for the Batthyány family in Murska Sobota and Alsószölnök, and became a reporter and journalist in Budapest.
The first works that Augustich wrote in Hungarian supported magyarization in the Slovene March. Augustich translated verses by Sándor Petőfi, János Arany, Pál Gyulai, and others, at the same time renewing Prekmurje Slovene language and literature.
They died of tuberculosis in Budapest.
Works
A polgári házasság. Népszerű jog- és társadalmi tudomány dr. H-ain és dr. Ch-nd után. (Pest, 1868.)
Návuk vogerszkoga jezika za zacsetnike. Budapest, 1876.
Prirodopis s kepami, 1879
Prijátel 1875–1879
Literature
Szinnyei József: Magyar írók élete és munkái I. (Aachs–Bzenszki). Budapest: Hornyánszky. 1891. → Augustich (Agostich) Imre
Natalija Ulčnik: Začetki prekmurskega časopisja, Zora 67, 2009. Maribor
Anton Trstenjak: Slovenci na Ogrskem, Narodnapisna in književna črtica, OBJAVA ARHIVSKIH VIROV Maribor 2006.
Vilko Novak: Izbor prekmurskega slovstva, Ljubljana 1976.
See also
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
Slovenian journalists
Hungarian journalists
Hungarian Slovenes
Hungarian male poets
1837 births
1879 deaths
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century Hungarian poets
People from the Municipality of Tišina
19th-century Hungarian male writers
Ronald D. Bodenheimer (born Sep. 22, 1952) was a judge in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, convicted of various federal charges resulting, in part, from an FBI probe called Operation Wrinkled Robe. Bodenheimer spent more than three years in federal prison, additional time in a half-way house, and was released on September 21, 2007, to serve the remainder of their term under probation under house confinement.
Bodenheimer began their legal career with the state as a prosecutor with the Jefferson Parish District Attorney's Office. In 1999, Bodenheimer won an election to become judge by defeating Jim Donelon(R), an established politician with overwhelming support by Jefferson Parish elected officials. Donelon, a former state representative, was elected Louisiana Commissioner of Insurance in 2007, and won re-election in 2011, 2015 and 2019. Bodenheimer had the reputation of being a "law and order" judge and had been criticized by social activists for their heavy-handed conviction statistics. During their short term on the bench, Bodenheimer set the Jefferson Parish record for the longest prison sentence, 881 years for a remorseless armed robber. The abhorrent accusations and the revelation of the judge's apparent double-life shocked most in the New Orleans community, where they were largely respected as an attorney and judge.
Investigations
Bodenheimer owned a seafood marina in Venetian Isles, a suburb within Orleans Parish. The media first brought attention to Bodenheimer in 2001 when a teenage boy was electrocuted by an illegal conveyor belt at the marina. It was discovered that the seafood marina had been operating without a license since 1999. Bodenheimer had already been embroiled in a lawsuit with Venetian Isles residents over Bodenheimer's placing the commercial facility in the largely residential waterfront community.
A particular resident in the Venetian Isles community, Eric M Boe, complained to the FBI about Bodenheimer and the marina, alleging the marina was being used for drug-trafficking. Eric M Boe began cooperating with the FBI 1999. Bodenheimer and a marina employee, in an attempt to silence Eric M Boe, the vocal resident, planted OxyContin in Eric M Boe's possession in the spring of 2002 and attempted to have the man arrested on drug charges.
In May 2004 Eric M Boe was presented with a Certificate of Appreciation for their extraordinary efforts and sacrifice in assisting the Department Of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
During the investigation into the framing incident, additional unrelated charges were brought against Bodenheimer for crimes committed in their capacity as a judge. A six-year FBI investigation into corruption at the 24th Judicial District Court, located in Jefferson Parish and where Bodenheimer presided as judge, revealed that a bail bondsman, Louis Marcotte III, had provided meals, trips, and other gifts to judges in exchange for their lowering bond requirements. The investigation, Operation Wrinkled Robe, resulted in 17 convictions, including Bodenheimer, Marcotte, fellow ex-judge Alan Green, and several Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Deputies.
In addition, to the convictions brought through the marina-related drug plant and the bail bond bribery, Bodenheimer was convicted for having provided favorable rulings to restaurant-owner and Popeyes Chicken founder Al Copeland in a child-custody case. Bodenheimer confessed that a corporate attorney for a Copeland company had promised Bodenheimer a lucrative seafood contract in exchange for the favorable domestic ruling.
Further, Bodenheimer confessed they had accepted $16,000 in fuel from a criminal defendant who appeared before their court.
Judge Ginger Berrigan sentenced Bodenheimer to 46 months in prison, which exceeded the time prosecutors requested. During the sentencing hearing Judge Berrigan stated, "Corruption in the judiciary is worse than corruption in any other branch of government."
In 2002, prior to the convictions, the Louisiana Supreme Court issued an "interim suspension" of Bodenheimer's license to practice law. Following the conviction, Bodenheimer "permanently resigned" from the Louisiana bar.
In 2014, after serving 34 years in prison, Reginald Adams, who had been wrongly convicted of murder by then prosecutor, Ronald Bodenheimer, was freed. The lead detective, Martin Venezia, has since served a 5-year sentence for negligent homicide. The conviction of Judge Bodenheimer gave credence to taking another look at Mr. Adams' conviction.
References
1953 births
Living people
American people convicted of bribery
Disbarred American lawyers
Louisiana lawyers
Louisiana state court judges
People from Jefferson Parish, Louisiana
Dawlat () is a 1949 Indian comedy film directed by Sohrab Modi, produced by Minerva Movietone and starring Madhubala and Mahipal in lead roles. The music for the film was composed by Hanuman Prasad. It revolves around a young man trying to impress a rich father in order to marry their beautiful daughter.
Daulat was the first time Madhubala was cast in a lead role, but the film, which began filming in 1947, was not completed until 1949, by which a number of their films in starring roles had been already released. Released on 1 April 1949, Daulat failed commercially and received criticism for its direction and story. No print of the film is known to survive today, thereby making it a lost film.
Plot
An old wealthy man (Jankidas), who lives with their wife and young and beautiful daughter Nirmala (Madhubala), does not allow any other man to enter their house. They think that Nirmala's beauty would attract the man. On the other hand, Nirmala has too many suitors, one of them being Suresh (Mahipal).  They are in love with Suresh, and so is he. When meeting their father to ask for Nirmala's hand for marriage, they end up creating a bad impression in front of him. The rest of the film revolves around how Suresh tries to please Nirmala's father, which leads to hilarious situations.
Cast
Madhubala as Nirmala
Mahipal as Suresh
Jankidas as Mr. Sinha
Leela Mishra as Mrs. Sinha
Ghulam Hussain
Production
Daulat was the first time Madhubala was cast in a lead role in a film. Although they failed their auditions, they secured the role after director Sohrab Modi and Jankidas found them sobbing in a train to Mumbai. The filming began in 1947, but was not finished until April 1949. In the meantime, Madhubala acted in a number of films as the leading lady, including Kidar Sharma's Neel Kamal (1947) and K. B. Lall's Lal Dupatta (1948).
Soundtrack
The music director was Hanuman Prasad and playback singing was given by Zohrabai Ambalewali, Shankardas Gupta and Lalita Deulkar.
Reception
Daulat was a commercial failure and badly received by critics. In filmindia's review, Baburao Patel titled it as "A Damn Idiotic Picture". Patel wrote, "The whole picture is a criminal waste of celluloid with everything from the story to direction down to acting being of third class standard." They said the Modi has a "crude and peculiar taste of comedy", and Madhubala is cast in a role in which they have "got nothing to do."
References
External links
1949 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Sohrab Modi
Indian black-and-white films
Mifune (, "Mifune's Last Song") is a 1999 romantic comedy film, it is the third film to be made according to the Dogme 95 group rules. It was directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen. The film was a great success in Denmark and an international blockbuster, ranked among the ten best-selling Danish films worldwide.
It was produced by Nimbus Film.
At the 49th Berlin International Film Festival, the film won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize and Iben Hjejle won an Honourable Mention.
Plot
Kresten had moved from their parents' farm on Lolland, an out-of-the-way small Danish island, to Copenhagen to pursue their working career. When their father dies, they have to move back to the farm, where nothing much has happened since they left. They place an ad in the local newspaper to get help running the farm and taking care of their brother. The prostitute Liva, who is running away from harassing telephone calls, takes the job. But running away from one's past isn't easy.
Cast
Iben Hjejle as Liva
Anders W. Berthelsen as Kresten
Jesper Asholt
Emil Tarding
Anders Hove
Sofie Gråbøl
Paprika Steen
Ellen Hillingsø
Sidse Babett Knudsen
Søren Malling
Klaus Bondam
Sofie Stougaard
Title
The title of the film is a reference to recently deceased Toshiro Mifune (1920–1997), prolific Japanese film actor whose roles included that of Kikuchiyo, one of Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai. Mifune's look and demeanor is imitated by Kirsten in a terrifying and/or delighting entertainment for their brother Rud. It also refers to Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson's poem Sidste Sang (1870).
Confession
The "confession" is an idea adapted by Thomas Vinterberg in the first Dogme 95 film: Make a confession if elements of the film do not comply with the strict interpretation of the Dogme-rules. It is written from the director's point of view.
As one of the DOGME 95 brethren and co-signatory of the Vow of Chastity I feel moved to confess to the following transgressions of the aforesaid Vow during the production of Dogme 3 – Mifune. Please note that the film has been approved as a Dogme work, as only one genuine breach of the rules has actually taken place. The rest may be regarded as moral breaches.
I confess to having made one take with a black drape covering a window. This is not only the addition of a property, but must also be regarded as a kind of lighting arrangement.
I confess to moving furniture and fittings around the house.
I confess to having taken with me a number of albums of my favourite comic book series as a youth, Linda & Valentin (Valérian and Laureline).
I confess to helping to chase the neighbour's free-range hens across our location and including them in the film.
I confess that I brought a photographic image from an old lady from the area and hung it in a prominent position in one scene: not as part of the plot, but more as a selfish, spontaneous, pleasureable whim.
I confess to borrowing a hydraulic platform from a painter, which we used for the only two bird's-eye overview shots in the film.
I do solemnly declare that in my presence the remainder of Dogme 3 – Mifune was produced in accordance with the vow of chastity.
I also point out that the film has been approved by DOGME 95 as a Dogme film, as in real terms no more than a single breach of the rules has been committed. The rest may be regarded as moral transgressions.
See also
List of submissions to the 72nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Danish submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1999 films
Danish romantic comedy films
1990s Danish-language films
Dogme 95 films
Films directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
Films with screenplays by Anders Thomas Jensen
Nimbus Film films
Silver Bear Grand Jury Prize winners
Sony Pictures Classics films
James Freeman Curtis (August 16, 1878 – November 23, 1952) was an American lawyer who served Assistant Secretary of the Treasury from 1909 until 1914.
Early life
Curtis was born on August 16, 1878 in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts and was named for their paternal uncle, James F. Curtis. They were a son of Brig.-Gen. Greely Stevenson Curtis (1830–1897) and Harriot Sumner ( Appleton) Curtis (1841–1923). Among their siblings were Harriot Curtis, a prominent amateur golfer and skier.
They attended Harvard College, from which they graduated in 1899 and where they were an Intercollegiate golf champion. They also attended Harvard Law School, from which they graduated in 1903.
Career
From 1903 to 1906, they were a member of the Boston law firm of Storey, Thorndike, Palmer & Thayer. From 1906 to 1909, they served as the Assistant District Attorney for Suffolk County, Massachusetts to District Attorney Hill. In November 1909, they were appointed Assistant Secretary of the Treasury by Franklin MacVeagh, Secretary of the Treasury.
From 1914 to 1919, they served as counsel and deputy governor of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. After which they became a partner in the New York law firm of Curtis, Belknap & Webb. They were senior partner in the firm until they retired to become counsel in 1947 when the Robert P. Patterson, former Secretary of War, joined the firm.
Personal life
In 1912, Curtis was married to Laura Beatrice Merriam (1892–1973), a daughter of the Governor of Minnesota William Rush Merriam and Laura Elizabeth ( Hancock) Merriam. Together, they had a home called Willowmere in Roslyn Harbor, New York, and were the parents of four children.
Laura Elizabeth Curtis (1913–2003), who married George Herbert Bostwick, a son of Albert Carlton Bostwick, in 1933.
James Freeman Curtis (1915–1945), who married Barbara Hope Gatins (1918–2017), a daughter of Benjamin Keiley Gatins, in 1938; they died in a plane crash.
Frazier Curtis (1918–1942), a Harvard graduate who was killed in a plane accident.
Pauline Curtis (1922–2001), who married Schuyler Hollingsworth.
Laura and James divorced in Paris in April 1924, however, thirteen months later they remarried in Washington, D.C. They divorced again in January 1938, after which they married John Messick Gross, a vice president of Bethlehem Steel, in July 1938. In September 1938, they married Eleanor ( Munroe) Green (1884–1967), daughter of the Henry Smith Munroe, Dean of the Columbia University School of Mines. Eleanor was the former wife of Walton Atwater Green, former prohibition investigator, stock broker and publisher from Boston.
They were a member of the Tavern Club, Harvard Club, Country Club, Tennis and Racquet Club of Boston, the Harvard Club of New York and the Metropolitan Club in Washington.
Curtis died at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida on November 23, 1952.
References
External links
1878 births
1952 deaths
Harvard University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
Lawyers from New York City
The Convention of Kütahya, also known as the Peace Agreement of Kütahya, ended the Egyptian–Ottoman War (1831–1833) in May 1833.
Information
At the Convention, the Ottoman provinces of Syria and Adana were ceded to Egypt, and Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt became governor-general of the two provinces. But the settlement of the Peace Agreement was not satisfactory to either party, resulting in the Second Ottoman-Egyptian War in 1839–1841.
Overview
Muhammad Ali of Egypt, ostensibly only a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire, was seeking to increase their personal power and gain control over Palestine, Syria and Arabia. In late 1831, they took their newly reformed army into a war against the Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, and easily defeated Ottoman forces and threatened Constantinople itself. While Britain and France were sympathetic to Muhammad Ali, Nicholas I sent a Russian army to the assistance of the Turks. This intervention brought about peace by May 1833, which left Muhammad Ali of Egypt in control of Syria and Arabia.
Text of the Firman
The firman (issued by the Sultan on the 6 May 1833) was addressed to all the authorities of the empire:
" The assurances of fidelity and of devotion, lastly given to me by the Governor of Egypt, Mahomet Ali Pacha, and their son Ibrahim, having been accepted, I have granted them my imperial benignity. The governments of Candia and Egypt are continued to Mahomet Ali. And in reference to their special claim, I have granted them the provinces of Damascus, Tripoli-in-Syria, Sidon, Saphet, Aleppo, the districts of Jerusalem and Nablous, with the conduct of pilgrims and the commandment of the Tcherde (the yearly offering to the tomb of the Prophet). Their son, Ibrahim Pacha, has again the title of Sheikh and Harem of Mekka, and the district of Jedda; and farther, I have acquiesced in their request to have the district of Adana ruled by the Treasury of Taurus, with the title of Mohassil."
The text goes on to offer amnesty to all persons for the events in Asia Minor, and charges the authorities to tranquillize the inhabitants, and to obtain their prayers for the Sultan.
References
Treaties of the Egypt Eyalet
Bilateral treaties of the Ottoman Empire
1833 in Egypt
1833 treaties
Egyptian–Ottoman War (1831–1833)
History of Kütahya
May 1833 events
Symonston (postcode: 2609) is a primarily industrial and agricultural suburb of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia. Symonston is named after Sir Josiah Symon a Legislator, Federalist and one of the Founders of the Constitution of Australia.
Located in Symonston are the Periodic Detention Centre and Symonston Temporary Remand Centre and three caravan parks: Canberra South Motor Park, Sundown Village and Narrabundah Longstay Caravan Park. Geoscience Australia has its headquarters in Symonston, as does the Therapeutic Goods Administration.
Planning
The Symonston area has traditionally been denoted 'Broadacre' area by the planning authorities, meaning that it has retained a traditionally rural character with some larger institution uses, particularly by the Australian Defence Force and Geoscience Australia. With the release of the Canberra Spatial Plan by the ACT Government, the area and the adjoining Majura Valley has been denoted as an employment corridor centred on Canberra Airport and Fyshwick.
Geology
Rocks in Symonston are from the Silurian age Mount Painter Volcanics dark grey to green grey dacitic tuff underlies most of Symonston. Narrabundah Ashstone Member is found in the northern corner near the motor park. Canberra Formation, calcareous shale found to the east of the ashstone. Further to the east and over to Harman is found the dacitic andesite of the Ainslie Volcanics. An unnamed coarse leucogranite has a small out crop east of Jerrabomberra creek.
Geoscience Australia is the Australian Government organisation tasked with supplying scientific information and knowledge about the geography and geology of Australia. It has information about the geology of the whole of Australia including Canberra.
Education
Symonston residents get preference for:
Depending on the address: Forrest Primary or Red Hill Primary
Telopea Park School (for high school)
Narrabundah College
Footnotes
Suburbs of Canberra
The Kitchener–Waterloo Symphony (KWS) is an orchestra based in the twin cities of Kitchener and Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Its home venue is Centre In The Square in Kitchener, Ontario. The orchestra comprises 52 professional musicians under full-time contract. KWS performs close to 90 performances during a 38-week season for a combined concert audience of over 90,000. The orchestra is regularly heard across Canada on CBC Radio Two. Its current music director is Andrei Feher since August, 2018. The current executive director of the KWS is Andrew Bennett.
History
Glenn Kruspe founded the orchestra in 1945 to accompany the Grand Philharmonic Choir in a concert, and served as its first music director from 1945 to 1960. Frederick Pohl succeeded Kruspe and held the post from 1960 to 1970. During Pohl's tenure, the KWS Youth Orchestra was established in 1966. Raffi Armenian then became music director in 1971, and served until 1993, the longest-serving KWS music director. During Armenian's tenure, a sister ensemble to the KUW, the Canadian Chamber Ensemble (CCE), was founded, formed mainly from the principal musicians of the KWS and included flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, trombone, tuba, percussion, two violins, viola, cello and bass. The ensemble was affiliated with the Stratford Festival from 1974 to 1980, and toured throughout Canada as well as the United States Europe, and South America. The CCE was founded by conductor and was the first major Canadian ensemble to perform in Eastern Europe after the fall of the Berlin wall. The KWS' current home hall, Centre In The Square, was built during Armenian's tenure. Armenian now has title of music director laureate with the KWS.
Chosei Komatsu followed Armenian as music director from 1993 to 1999. Martin Fischer-Dieskau held the post from 2001 to 2003. Their initial KWS contract had been for three years. However, on 27 November 2003, the KWS board dismissed Fischer-Dieskau from their post, ahead of the expiration of their initial contract. Fischer-Dieskau appealed for reinstatement, but the earlier dismissal was affirmed both in December 2003 and in April 2004.
In early October 2006, the KWS board announced that the orchestra would be forced to declare bankruptcy on October 31 unless it was able to raise another C$2.5 million to deal with an ongoing financial crisis, due to declining audiences and reduced funding. It launched a "Save our Symphony" campaign in order to raise the funds. Having raised $2.3 million as of October 30, the symphony announced it would be able to continue operations.
Edwin Outwater began their term as Music Director in 2007. New programming initiatives during their tenure have included the 'Intersections' series, and collaborations with composers Mason Bates, Gabriela Lena Frank, Nicole Lizeé and Nico Muhly, authors Daniel Handler and Daniel Levitin, and rock musicians Dan Deacon and Richard Reed Parry. In February 2014, the KWS announced the extension of Outwater's contract to 2017. Outwater is scheduled to conclude their tenure at the end of the 2016-2017 season. In March 2017, the KWS announced the appointment of Andrei Feher as its next music director, effective with the 2018-2019 season.
Music Directors
Glenn Kruspe (1945–1960)
Frederick Pohl (1960–1970)
Raffi Armenian (1971–1993)
Chosei Komatsu (1993–1999)
Martin Fischer-Dieskau (2001–2003)
Edwin Outwater (2007–2017)
Andrei Feher (2018–present)
Discography
CBC Records has produced fourteen recordings of the KWS and the Canadian Chamber Ensemble (CCE) with acclaimed soloists. The 2002 CCE release, Chants d'Auvergne, includes soprano Karin Gauvin and was nominated for a Juno Award.
Oktoberfest Operetta: Strauss - Lehár - Kálmán. M Boucher soprano, Dubois tenor, Armenian conductor. 1984. CBC SM-5045
'Viens, Gentille Dame' Romantic Arias for Lyric Tenor. DuBois tenor, Pedrotti bar, Armenian conductor. 1987. CBC SM-5077
Mahler Kindertotenlieder; Rückert Lieder; Songs of a Wayfarer. Robbin mezzo, Armenian conductor. 1989. CBC SMCD-5098
A Night in Venice, Joanne Kolomyjec and Mark DuBois. 1994. CBC SM 5000. SMCD 5126
Canadian Trumpet Concerti, works by Hetu, Forsyth, Nimmons, Guy Few, James Thompson, Dan Warren trumpet, Armenian conductor. 1994. CBC SM 5000. SMCD 5130
Brahms: Serenades, Armenian conductor. 1995. CBC SM 5000. SMCD 5145
Memories of Poland, Fialkowska, Armenian conductor, et al. 1995. CBC SM 5000. SMCD 5140
Russian Serenade, Beaver, Komatsu conductor. 2001. CBC SM 5000. SMCD 5159
See also
List of symphony orchestras
Canadian classical music
References
External links
Official website of the Kitchener–Waterloo Symphony
History of the KWS from the official orchestra website
Culture of the Regional Municipality of Waterloo
Canadian orchestras
Tourist attractions in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo
Musical groups established in 1971
1971 establishments in Ontario
Artle Lee Pollard, Jr. (May 5, 1927 – May 12, 1973), was an American racecar driver.
Born in Dragon, Utah, and raised in the Portland, Oregon area, Pollard drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1965–1973 seasons, with 84 career starts, including the 1967–1971 Indianapolis 500 races. They finished in the top ten 30 times, with two victories, both in 1969, at Milwaukee and Dover.
Pollard died in Indianapolis, Indiana, as a result of injuries sustained in a crash during practice on the first day of time trials for the 1973 Indianapolis 500. The car slammed into the outside wall coming out of turn one, burst into flames, and spun as it headed to the grass on the inside of the short chute. The chassis dug into the grass and flipped upside-down, slid a short distance and then flipped back over as it reached the pavement again in turn two, finally coming to a stop in the middle of the track. The total distance covered was . The car was demolished.
The impact tore off two wheels immediately, and the wings were also torn off during the slide. Pollard's lap prior to the crash was timed at a speed above . They were found unconscious, and was rushed to Methodist Hospital in the new Cardiac ambulance. Pollard never regained consciousness, and their injuries were reported to include pulmonary damage due to flame inhalation, third degree burns on both hands, face and neck, a fractured right arm, a fractured leg, and a severe spinal cord injury. They were pronounced dead approximately one hour and three minutes after the accident. Pollard had turned 46 one week before they died.
Pollard, away from racing, worked as a car dealer and mechanic and worked with mental health charities. Pollard also served in the United States Navy for a time.
Racing family
Art Pollard's cousin Brad Pollard and Art Pollard's son Mike Pollard both competed in various types of racing.
Complete USAC Championship Car results
Indianapolis 500 results
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20071205052904/http://artpollard.tripod.com/1972-73.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20110810203442/http://www.judydippel.com/cmsj/ (Pollard's daughter)
https://artpollardracedriver.info/art-pollard-by-years/art-pollard-racing-in-1973-the-tragedy-and-reactions/
https://oilpressure.com/2012/02/27/art-pollard-somehow-always-overshadowed/
https://www.historicracing.com/driverDetail.cfm?driverID=5062
http://www.mailtribune.com/article/20160430/SPORTS/160439978
1927 births
1973 deaths
Indianapolis 500 drivers
People from Uintah County, Utah
Racing drivers from Utah
Racing drivers who died while racing
Sports deaths in Indiana
Filmed deaths in motorsport
USAC Silver Crown Series drivers
The Corridor () is a 1968 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Halldoff. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Per Ragnar as Dr. Jan Eriksson
Agneta Ekmanner as Kerstin
Ann Norstedt as Maria
Åke Lindström as The Father
Inga Landgré as The Mother
Gunnar Biörck as Professor Gunnar Bjork
Leif Liljeroth as Dr. Forslund
Lars Amble as Stig
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
Swedish drama films
1960s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Jan Halldoff
1960s Swedish films
The Venezuela women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team is a national basketball team of Venezuela, administered by the Federación Venezolana de Baloncesto.
It represents the country in international under-16 and under-17 (under age 16 and under age 17) women's basketball competitions.
See also
Venezuela women's national basketball team
Venezuela women's national under-19 basketball team
Venezuela men's national under-17 basketball team
References
External links
Venezuela Basketball Records at FIBA Archive
B
Women's national under-17 basketball teams
The 2017 Italian Athletics Championships was the 107th edition of the Italian Athletics Championships and were held in Trieste on 30 June to 1 July 2017.
Champions
See also
2017 Italian Athletics Indoor Championships
References
External links
All results at FIDAL web site
Italian Athletics Championships
Athletics
Italian Athletics Outdoor Championships
Athletics competitions in Italy
Marble Caves (, , ) is a cave in Crimea, at the lower plateau of Chatyr-Dag, mountainous massif. It is a popular tourist attraction being one of the most visited caves in Europe.
Due to its uniqueness, the Marble Cave became famous worldwide. Speleologists consider it among the top five most beautiful caves of the planet, and one of the Seven Natural Wonders of Ukraine. In 1992, it was included in the International Association of equipped caves.
History
In 1987, the Simferopol speleology team discovered a cave with a complex system of halls and galleries between Bin Bash-Koba (Thousand Heads) and Suuk-Koba (Cold). The new cave, that lay at the altitude of above sea level, was called Marble (initially, also the name "Afghan" was used), due to the fact it that was formed by marble limestone. In 1988, the center of speleology tourism Onyx-tour established sightseeing tours, concrete paths were laid, and lighting.
The tour goes through the Fairy Tales gallery, Tiger Path, with hundreds of various stalactites, the Reconstruction Room, the largest cave room of the Crimea and one of the largest equipped rooms in Europe with its length of 100 metres and height of 28 metres, the Pink Room, with stone roses covering the top of the room, the Palace Hall, with "Queen" and "King" columns, and the Hope and Balcony Room. A stalactite "forest" leads to the Luster Room. Dozens of precious "chandeliers" hang down from the ceiling covered with coralite "flowers", some of them almost reach the floor. Here is the place where the tour ends, yet the cave has four more rooms: Landslide, Channel, Chocolate, and Geliktite.
See also
Chatyr-Dag
References
External links
Pictures of the Marble Caves with route description
Landforms of Crimea
Tourist attractions in Crimea
Show caves
Caves of Russia
An election to Cork City Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 31 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Cork North-Central
Cork North-East
Cork North-West
Cork South-Central
Cork South-East
Cork South-West
External links
http://www.corkcity.ie/
2004 Irish local elections
2004
Meningohydroencephalocoele (AmE: meningohydroencephalocele) is a form of meningocele (AmE) - a developmental abnormality of the central nervous system.
Like meningocoele, meningohydroencephalocoele is caused by defects in bone ossification; in particular, the intramembranous ossification related to the closure of infantile fontanelles. It refers to the protrusion of the meninges between the un-fused bones, to lie subcutaneously.
Meningocoele - refers to herniation of meninges.
Meningoencephalocoele refers to the condition if brain tissue is included with the meninges in the herniation.
Meningohydroencephalocoele refers to the condition including meninges, brain tissue and part of the ventricular system in the herniation.
Encephalocoele defects occur in approximately 1 in 2000 live births.
References
External links
Transphenoidal meningohydroencephalocoele, Durham et al. - PubMed
Congenital disorders
AEK Ammochostos was a Cypriot football club based in Famagusta. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second and in Third Division.
After the Turkish invasion of Cyprus and occupation of the city of Famagusta in 1974, the team was displaced to the southern part of the island, in Larnaca. The team dissolved in 1980 due to financial problems.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1980
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1959
1959 establishments in Cyprus
1980 disestablishments in Cyprus
Kunai is a village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 1,407, in 252 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
WEC 11: Evolution was a mixed martial arts event promoted by World Extreme Cagefighting on August 20, 2004 at the Tachi Palace Hotel & Casino in Lemoore, California. The main event saw Shonie Carter take on Jason Biswell.
Results
See also
World Extreme Cagefighting
List of WEC champions
List of WEC events
2004 in WEC
External links
WEC 11 Results at Sherdog.com
World Extreme Cagefighting events
2004 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in California
Sports in Lemoore, California
2004 in sports in California
Freedom High School is located in Oakley, California, United States. It opened in 1996 on the grounds of Liberty High School, before moving to the new campus, as a part of the Liberty Union High School District. The current Liberty Union High School District contains Freedom, Liberty, Heritage, and Independence High Schools.
Clubs and extracurricular activities
Controversy
Controversy surrounded the formation of a Caucasian Club in November 2003 at the school. Freshman Lisa McClelland gathered about 250 signatures from students and adults to start a club that would focus attention on European heritage and history. Other societies already found in the school include the Black Student Union, the Latinos Unidos and the ALOHA club for Asian-American students. Lou Calabro, president of the European-American Issues Forum, became an informal advisor of the club and sent letters to two civil-rights organizations that the school's administration be investigated. However, the Caucasian Club was accused of fueling racial tension, and was forced to disband. McClelland eventually transferred out of the school.
If You Really Knew Me
Freedom High School was one stop along the way on the 2010 MTV reality show If You Really Knew Me. The show chronicles high schools across the nation undergoing a "challenge day" where students share their stories. The idea of challenge day is to break down cliques within the school, especially those that result from racism. The school now has an on-campus group that holds mini challenge days frequently for classes.
References
Freedom High School Planner/Handbook 2009
See also
List of high schools in California
High schools in Contra Costa County, California
Educational institutions established in 1996
Public high schools in California
1996 establishments in California
James D. Hays is a professor of Earth and environmental sciences at Columbia University's Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory. Hays founded and led the CLIMAP project, which collected sea floor sediment data to study surface sea temperatures and paleoclimatological conditions 18,000 years ago.
Hays is best known as a co-author of the 1976 paper in Science, "Variations in the Earth's orbit: Pacemaker of the ice ages." Using ocean sediment cores, the Science paper verified the theories of Milutin Milanković that oscillations in climate can be correlated with Earth's orbital variations of eccentricity, axial tilt, and precession around the Sun (see Milankovitch cycles).
They graduated from Columbia University with a Ph.D. in 1964, Ohio State University with a Master of Science in 1960 and Harvard University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1956. They became a recipient of the Milutin Milankovic Medal in 2010.
See also
Geology
Ice ages
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
American climatologists
Columbia University faculty
Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory people
Living people
Harvard University alumni
Columbia University alumni
Ohio State University alumni
Ibru or IBRU may refer to:
People
Alex Ibru (1945–2011), Nigerian business person and publisher
Cecilia Ibru (born 1946), Nigerian business person
Felix Ibru (1935–2016), Nigerian architect and politician
Michael Ibru (1932–2016), Nigerian business person
Other
International Boundaries Research Unit, a unit at Durham University
Ibru Organization, a Nigerian conglomerate
Ibru, a village in Blandiana Commune, Alba County, Romania
Wichqana (Quechua, also spelled Huichcana, Huichccana) is an archaeological site in Peru. It is located in the Ayacucho Region, Huamanga Province, Ayacucho District. Wichqana lies on a western slope of Uma Urqu north of Ayacucho. Wichqana was during the early horizon time period which is one of the seven time periods used for Peruvian chronological construction.
Culture
Wichqana was active from around 1200-800 BC during the Kishka Pata Period and was a ceremonial center on the central highlands of Peru, on the Ayacucho Valley. The ceremonial center was similar to Cerro Secchin and the centers were built in a U-shape of alternating sized stones. The ceremonial center also included some Chavinoid features which shows that the Wichqana people were practicing some form of the Chavionoid culture. The Wichqana have some of the Chavinoid culture because during this time period the styles and derivatives of the Chavin were thriving. On the site there were semicircle temple structures on artificial mounds which indicates some sort of priestly figure was used. Also found on the Wichqana site, 5 skulls of women were found buried which indicates the importance of sacrifices. When these decapitated heads were found, there were cobblestones of semi-ciricles found above them.
The pottery that was found on the site was typical and basic. The pottery had little to no decoration but were typically brown, thin, with a pebble polish.
Economy
The main source of trade and production for the Wichqana people included agriculture (potatoes, ocas, ullucus, maca, etc.) and pastoralism and the two main animals that were used for herding were llamas and alpacas. Along with agriculture and herding, hunting was also a large part of the economy which included common animals such as deer, rodents, and birds. It had been confirmed that most of the trading was done along the northern part of the territory during the earlier period, then later moving more toward the coastal area during the later years.
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Ayacucho Region
The Society for Earthquake and Civil Engineering Dynamics (SECED) was founded in 1969 to promote the study and practice of earthquake engineering and structural dynamics, including blast, impact and other vibration problems. It also supports study of societal and economic ramifications of major earthquakes.
It is the British branch of both the International Association (IAEE) and the European Association of Earthquake Engineering (EAEE). It is an Associated Society of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE), and is sponsored by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE), the Institution of Structural Engineers (IStructE) and the Geological Society.
SECED has organised conferences and lectures (see below). It hosted a 2002 European conference on earthquake engineering in London, and in July 2015 hosted a two-day conference at Homerton College, Cambridge titled Earthquake Risk and Engineering towards a Resilient World. It also organises regular meetings and has published a newsletter since 1987.
Mallet–Milne lectures
It organises the biennial Mallet–Milne Lecture, named after Robert Mallet and John Milne, regarded as the founding fathers of engineering seismology. The inaugural lecture was given at the ICE in London on 27 May 1987.
See also
Named lectures
References
1969 establishments in the United Kingdom
Earthquake engineering
Civil engineering
The Chocó trogon (Trogon comptus), also known as the white-eyed trogon or blue-tailed trogon, is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae, the quetzals and trogons. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Chocó trogon is monotypic.
Description
The Chocó trogon is about long and weighs about . The male has a yellow bill, a black face and throat, and a white eye. Its crown, back, and breast are green with a bluish tinge, the rump purplish blue, and the belly and vent area red. The upperside of the tail is purplish blue with a broad black tip and the underside is slaty. The folded wing is gray with vermiculation. The female differns in having a slaty maxilla and gray head, back, breast, and upper belly.
Distribution and habitat
The Chocó trogon is found from Colombia's northern Antioquia and northeastern
Chocó Departments south into northwestern Ecuador's Pichincha Province. It inhabits the interior and edges of humid and wet forest. It favors hilly terrain from sea level to of elevation.
Behavior
Feeding
Nothing is known about the Chocó trogon's foraging behavior or diet. Evidence of the Chocó trogon eating fruits and arthropods has been found through stomach content analysis.
Breeding
Individuals in breeding condition were noted in March but nothing else is known about the Chocó trogon's breeding phenology.
Vocalization
The Chocó trogon's song is "a slow repetition of 7-15 'cow' notes" and its call "a fast 'krr-krr-krr'."
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Chocó trogon as being of The Least Concern, though its population is unknown and believed to be decreasing.
References
Chocó trogon
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Chocó trogon
Chocó trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adley Stan Rutschman (born February 6, 1998) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball (MLB). They played college baseball for the Oregon State Beavers. They were named the Pac-12 Conference Player of the Year in 2019. The Orioles selected Rutschman with the first overall selection in the 2019 MLB draft, and they signed for $8.1 million, at the time the highest MLB draft signing bonus ever.
Amateur career
Rutschman attended Sherwood High School in Sherwood, Oregon, and was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 40th round of the 2016 Major League Baseball draft. They did not sign with the Mariners and attended Oregon State University, where they played college baseball for the Beavers.
Rutschman played college football for the Beavers as a placekicker their first-year student year. In baseball, their first-year student year, they played in 61 games, hitting .234/.322/.306 with two home runs and 33 runs batted in (RBI). After the 2017 season, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape Cod Baseball League. As a sophomore in 2018, they batted .408/.505/.628 with nine home runs and 83 RBIs and helped lead Oregon State to win the 2018 College World Series, their 3rd NCAA Division I Baseball National Championship,. Rutschman had 17 hits, a College World Series record, and 13 RBIs in the series, for which they were named College World Series Most Outstanding Player. In 2019, their junior season, they batted .411/.575/.751 with 17 home runs and 58 RBIs. That year, Rutschman was named the 2019 Collegiate Baseball Player of the Year by Collegiate Baseball Newspaper.
Professional career
Rutschman was selected by the Baltimore Orioles with the first overall selection in the 2019 Major League Baseball draft. They signed for $8.1 million, the highest signing bonus at the time. They made their professional debut with the Gulf Coast League Orioles, and, after five games, was promoted to the Aberdeen IronBirds. After three weeks with the IronBirds, Rutschman was promoted to the Class A Delmarva Shorebirds of the South Atlantic League. Over 37 games between the three clubs, they slashed .254/.351/.423 with four home runs and 26 RBIs.
After the cancelled 2020 minor league season, Rutschman was assigned to the Double-A Bowie Baysox to start the 2021 season. In June 2021, Rutschman was selected to play in the All-Star Futures Game. On August 9, 2021, Rutschman was promoted to Triple-A Norfolk Tides, after slashing a .271/.392/.508, with 18 home runs and 55 RBIs in 80 games with Bowie. They batted a .312/.405/.490 with 5 home runs and 20 RBIs in 43 games with Norfolk.
Rutschman competed for a spot on the Orioles 2022 Opening Day roster, but they missed the start of the season due to a strained triceps muscle. They began a rehabilitation assignment with Aberdeen on April 26. On May 21, 2022, Rutschman was promoted to the major leagues for the first time. During their first game, that same day, they got the start playing catcher and batting 6th in the lineup. Their first major league at-bat resulted in a strikeout, but two at-bats later, they got their first hit, a triple.
Personal life
Their grandfather, Ad Rutschman, was a football and baseball coach at Linfield College and is a member of the National Football Foundation College Hall of Fame.
References
External links
Oregon State Beavers bio
1998 births
Living people
People from Sherwood, Oregon
Baseball players from Portland, Oregon
All-American college baseball players
College World Series Most Outstanding Player Award winners
Major League Baseball catchers
Baltimore Orioles players
Oregon State Beavers baseball players
Oregon State Beavers football players
Falmouth Commodores players
Gulf Coast Orioles players
Aberdeen IronBirds players
Delmarva Shorebirds players
Bowie Baysox players
Norfolk Tides players
Carla Rust (15 September 1908 – 27 December 1977) was a German film actor. They appeared as a leading lady in a number of films during the Nazi era. They were married to the actor Sepp Rist.
Selected filmography
Don't Lose Heart, Suzanne! (1935)
The Accusing Song (1936)
Madame Bovary (1937)
Mrs. Sylvelin (1938)
Revolutionshochzeit (1938)
The Stars Shine (1938)
Love Letters from Engadin (1938)
Marionette (1939)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
Sein Sohn (1942)
Weiße Wäsche (1942)
Heaven, We Inherit a Castle (1943)
Ein fröhliches Haus (1944)
The Beautiful Miller (1954)
Doctor Solm (1955)
Johannisnacht (1956)
My Husband's Getting Married Today (1956)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1908 births
1977 deaths
German film actores
Actors from Bremen
20th-century German actores
Digenis Akritas Ipsona was a Cypriot football club based in Ipsonas, Limassol. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second, in Third and in Fourth Division. In 2014 merged with Enosi Neon Ypsona to form Enosi Neon Ypsona-Digenis Ipsona.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (2): 1982, 1989
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 2014
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1958
1958 establishments in Cyprus
2014 disestablishments in Cyprus
François Jauffret (born 9 February 1942) is a retired professional tennis player from France. They hold the record for most ties played for the France Davis Cup team with 35, between 1964 and 1978.
Jauffret twice reached the semi-finals at the Roland Garros, in 1966 (beating Roy Emerson before losing to Tony Roche) and 1974 (beating Jan Kodes before losing to Manuel Orantes). They won 2 Open era singles titles (in 1969 in Buenos Aires and in 1977 in Cairo) and 7 doubles titles on the ATP Tour in their career. Their career-high ATP singles ranking was World No. 20.
 They are the brother of tennis player Pierre Jauffret.
Career finals
Singles (2 titles, 3 runner-ups)
Doubles (8 titles, 6 runner-ups)
External links
1942 births
French male tennis players
Universiade medalists in tennis
Living people
Tennis players from Bordeaux
Universiade gold medalists for France
Universiade bronze medalists for France
Medalists at the 1959 Summer Universiade
The Maglalatik (also known as Manlalatik or Magbabao) is a folk dance from the Philippines performed by male dancers. Coconut shell halves are secured onto the dancers' hands and on vests upon which are hung four or six more coconut shell halves. The dancers perform the dance by hitting one coconut shell with the other; sometimes the ones on the hands, the ones on the body, or the shells worn by another performer, all in time to a fast drumbeat.
Maglalatik can be seen as a mock battle between the dancing boys. The dance is intended to impress the viewer with the great skill of the dancer. In some "Filipino Martial Arts" (FMA) circles, it is noted that the Maglalatik "consists of a trapping and boxing method hidden in a dance."
The name of the dance means "latik-maker", from latik, a coconut product that is used in Filipino cooking. The dance is also a war dance depicting a fight between Moros and Christians over the latik.
References
See also
Music of the Philippines
Cariñosa
Tinikling
Dances of the Philippines
Culture of Laguna (province)
ta:ரினிக்லிங்
Wunna Kyawhtin Win Myint () is a Burmese politician, business person and former Minister for Commerce of Myanmar.  They are also owner of the Shwe Nagar Min Company, Zeyashwemye Football Club and former chairperson of the Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry (UMFCCI).
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
People from Sagaing Region
1954 births
Burmese businesspeople
Living people
Economy ministers
Recipients of the Wunna Kyawhtin
Gustava Johanna Stenborg, as married senare Hahr and Yckerberg, (1776–1819), was a Swedish artist.
They were born to secretary Johan Fredrik Stenborg and Henrica Hellman. Stenborg was a textile artist (embroidery). They were a student in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts when they participated in their 1790 art exhibition with a work in white sateen, for which they were awarded the memory prize of the royal academy. They were married to estate owner Henric Wilhelm Hahr, Jr. in 1793, and to estate-clerk Per Otto Yckerberg in 1815.
References
Svenskt konstnärslexikon (Swedish Art dictionary). Red. Johnny Roosval & Gösta Lilja. Malmö: Allhems Förlag 1952.
18th-century Swedish people
1776 births
1819 deaths
Swedish textile artists
Swedish women artists
Gustavian era people
18th-century Swedish artists
19th-century Swedish artists
18th-century women textile artists
18th-century textile artists
19th-century women textile artists
19th-century textile artists
Swedish embroiderers
The African mammoth, Mammuthus africanavus (literally, "African ancestor mammoth"), is the second oldest mammoth species, having first appeared around 3 million years ago during the late Pliocene, with a last appearance around 1.65 million years ago in the early Pleistocene. Its fossils have been found in Chad, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia. It was relatively small and is seen as the direct ancestor of M. meriodionalis, although its tusk diverged more widely from its skull than later species of mammoth, which might indicate that it was an evolutionary dead end.
References
Mammoths
Pliocene proboscideans
Pliocene mammals of Africa
Plateros de Fresnillo (English: Fresnillo Silversmiths) is a professional Mexican basketball team, based in Fresnillo. The Plateros are part Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional, the top professional basketball league in Mexico. The team play their home games at the Gimnasio Solidaridad Municipal, with a capacity of 4,000 spectators.
History
The Plateros were founded in 2019 in order to compete in the 2019–20 LNBP season. The team was created by an initiative of the local government of Fresnillo and the state government of Zacatecas in order to promote basketball in the region. Initially, all the investment was made by the State of Zacatecas government, with an estimate amount of 13 million pesos (around US$560,000).
Plateros joined the three other new teams for the 2019–20: the Astros de Jalisco and the Dorados de Chihuahua.
Players
Current roster
}
References
External links
Team profile
Basketball teams in Mexico
Sport in Zacatecas
Basketball teams established in 2019
2019 establishments in Mexico
DRDC Valcartier is a major Canadian military research station at Canadian Forces Base Valcartier, Quebec, one of nine centres making up Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC).
Originally formed at the end of World War II in 1945 as the Canadian Armament Research and Development Establishment (CARDE), the intent was to keep the research teams built up during the war in Canada, as opposed to moving to the United States.
Starting in 1951 CARDE implemented a major missile development program, eventually delivering two combat systems, the Velvet Glove air-to-air missile and the Heller anti-tank rocket. Neither was accepted for production, but the basic research was used with local defence contractors to build up familiarity with the new technologies.
Starting in 1955 a serious effort to equip Canada with a useful anti-ballistic missile system was undertaken, along with research into the problems of detection and tracking, hypersonic flight, and fuels suitable for use in an interceptor missile. As part of this project a lengthy study of the upper atmosphere was undertaken from instrumented balloons. Another development from this era was the use of gun-fired models for high-speed testing, instead of using a wind tunnel. Led by Gerald Bull, the sabot-based system would go on to be used in Project HARP during the early 1960s. The early portions of the 1960s was taken up developing a series of increasingly powerful high-acceleration solid rocket propellants, and to test them they designed and built a test vehicle that would later become the Black Brant sounding rocket. Due to this research CARDE was later involved in the design of a US-Canada-Mexico meteorological sounding rocket, the Metroc. The ABM research eventually wound down with no working system in place, however the solid fuels developed during the program were widely used for rocketry in various western military systems.
CARDE then looked into using the new propellant as the basis for a new motor for existing 2.75-inch air-to-ground rockets. The result was the CRV-7 rocket, which had roughly twice the speed of the existing US design, and with enough energy to be able to puncture Warsaw Pact aircraft hangars. Production started at Bristol Aerospace in 1974, and the CRV-7 has been used by the Canadian and other air forces since that time.
In 1969 a re-alignment from pure research to smaller projects directly requested by the Armed Forces took place, along with a change of name to Defence Research Establishment Valcartier (DREV) and a general downsizing of the station and its budgets. Since then DREV has undertaken numerous projects in the field of battlefield command and control, detection and monitoring, and various battlefield decoy systems.
On April 1, 2000, DREV was renamed "Defence R&D Canada – Valcartier" when the overseeing organisation became the Defence Research and Development Canada agency.
See also
Other DRDC locations in Canada:
DRDC Corporate - Ottawa, Ontario
DRDC Atlantic - Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
DRDC Centre for Operational Research and Analysis (CORA) - Ottawa, Ontario
DRDC Ottawa - Ottawa, Ontario
DRDC Suffield - CFB Suffield, Alberta
DRDC Toronto - Toronto, Ontario
References
External links
DRDC Valcartier
DRDC Defence Research & Development Canada
Valcartier
Rhyssoplax clavata is an uncommon species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Chitonidae
Chitons of New Zealand
Molluscs described in 1907
The Phyllis Franklin Award is a triennial prize given to an academic by the Modern Language Association.
Notable winners
Past winners of the prize include:
2016 - Anna Deavere Smith
2013 - John Sayles
2010 - Terry Gross
2007 - Richard J. Franke
2005 - William G. Bowen
2003 - Edward M. Kennedy
References
External links
Academic awards
Fluazacort (brand name Azacortid) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which is marketed in Italy.
References
Acetate esters
Cyclohexanols
Corticosteroid esters
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Oxazolines
Pregnanes
Triketones
The Michigan Auditor General is the chief fiscal officer of the State of Michigan. The Office of the Auditor General was established in 1836 and, with changes to the Michigan Constitution in 1963, has become the independent oversight arm of the Legislature. The first Michigan Auditor General was Robert Abbott. The first Republican in office (1863) was Emil Anneke, an active abolitionist, Forty-Eighter of German Origin and younger brother of U.S. colonel and German 1849 revolutionary leader Fritz Anneke. In 1959, lawyer and NAACP activist Otis M. Smith was elected Michigan Auditor General, as one of the first African Americans to serve in a senior state government office.
The current Michigan Auditor General, Doug A. Ringler, C.P.A, C.I.A, was appointed by the Michigan Legislature effective June 9, 2014.
List of Michigan Auditors General since 1836
See also
Governor of Michigan
Michigan Attorney General
Michigan General Assembly
Michigan State Capitol
References
External links
Office of the Michigan Auditor General
1839 establishments in Michigan
Michigan
Stelle is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km southeast of Hamburg, and 7 km west of Winsen (Luhe). It is twinned with the village of Glenfield in Leicestershire, England and with the village of Plouzané (Brittany, France).
References
Harburg (district)
In Egyptian mythology, the name Mehen, meaning 'coiled one', referred to a mythological snake-god and to a board game.
Snake god
The earliest references to Mehen occur in the Coffin Texts. Mehen is a protective deity who is depicted as a snake which coils around the sun god Ra during their journey through the night, for instance in the Amduat.
In the German-Egyptian dictionary by R. Hannig, it is said that the Mehen (mḥn) or the Mehenet (mḥnt) snake is equivalent to the Ouroboros.
Relationship between snake-god and Mehen game
The precise relationship between the deity and the Mehen game is unknown. For instance it is not known whether the game derives from the mythological character, or the character derives from the game.
It is known that the object known as mehen depicts a game rather than a religious fetish as studies of paintings in tombs and game boards and equipment demonstrate this. The rules and method of playing the game are unknown, although rules have been created in modern times based on assessments of how it may have been played.
References
External links
Educational pdf printable Mehen boardgame with suggesteds playing rules, Birmingham Museums and Art Gallery schools liaison
Egyptian gods
Legendary serpents
Snake gods
Kumaraswamy Nanthakopan (Tamil: குமாரசுவாமி நந்தகோபன்; 1970 – November 14, 2008), also known as their nom de guerre Ragu, was the president of the political party of the Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal in Sri Lanka, a defecting offshoot of the LTTE and advisor to Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan. They were a staunch Pillaiyan loyalist, and their appointment as TMVP president was opposed by Karuna. They were shot and killed near Colombo by suspected LTTE gunmen on Friday November 14, 2008.
References
1976 births
2008 deaths
Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal politicians
Sri Lankan Tamil rebels
Sri Lankan Hindus
Assassinated Sri Lankan politicians
People killed during the Sri Lankan Civil War
DITTO is a company that sells software that aids eyewear companies sell their products online using virtual fitting. Originally DITTO was a retailer that sold designer prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. The company used virtual fitting technology to let customers try on frames from a computer. The technology measures a user's face by homing in on pupils, ears, cheekbones, ears and other facial landmarks, and then came back with images of dozens of different pairs of glasses that might be a good fit.
History
DITTO was founded in 2011 in Mountain View, CA by Kate Endress, Sergey Surkov, and Dmitry Kornilov. Currently the company is headquartered in San Francisco, CA with fulfillment and distribution operations in Evansville, IN.
In April 2012 the company announced that it had picked up $3 million in funding from a group of investors led by August Capital.
At the end of February 2017 DITTO sent an email to its customers explaining that its online eyewear e-commerce and eyewear distribution would be closing down. No reason was given, they still appear to sell the technology they used to use for a virtual fitting of their eyewear.
Products
DITTO's product line included prescription and non-prescription designer eyeglasses and sunglasses. The company carried brands such as Ray-Ban, Persol, Chloé, TAG Heuer, and Vera Wang, as well as niche fashion and boutique brands like Jason Wu, Selima Optique, Alain Mikli, Anglo American, and John Varvatos.
Patent infringement lawsuits
In May 2013, DITTO was sued by 1-800 Contacts and another company called Lennon Imaging Technology for Patent Infringement.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation claimed that 1-800 Contacts is abusing patent law by acting like a patent troll in its lawsuit against DITTO. In a blog post, the EFF accused 1-800 Contacts of “leveraging the massive expense of patent litigation to squelch the competition” and asked its followers to help DITTO by crowdsourcing prior art.
The lawsuit by Lennon Imaging Technologies was dismissed on October 7, 2013 without prejudice.
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in San Mateo, California
Companies established in 2011
Privately held companies based in California
Companies based in Silicon Valley
Eyewear companies of the United States
Sunglasses
Science advice is the process, structures and institutions through which governments and politicians consider science, technology and innovation information in policy- and decision- making. Across different national governments and international bodies, there are a variety of structures and institutions for scientific advice. They reflect distinctive cultures and traditions of decision-making, which Sheila Jasanoff has termed the ‘civic epistemology' through which expert claims are constructed, validated or challenged in a given society.
Science advice can also be called "science for policy," indicating the flow of information from scientific to policy domains with the intention of informing decisions. This is distinct from "policy for science," the institutions, rules and norms governing how science is funded, conducted, and communicated.
At the national level, countries have diverse models for how to connect scientists and policymakers. In some countries, the president of the National academy, an elected organization of distinguished researchers in natural and social sciences, engineering, medicine, and the humanities, serves as a government science advisor, while other countries have an advisory committee or civil servants perform this role. National academies are often commissioned to write reports advising government on the state of scientific knowledge to inform policy-relevant questions, such as the risk from chemicals or disease.
Other countries, such as the UK, have a wide range of sources of expert scientific advice which draw on several of these sources.'''
At the international level, there is an increasing movement to bring together national science advisors to share best practices and form a network to deal with global challenges (e.g., pandemics, climate change). The first global Science Advice to Governments meeting was held in Auckland, New Zealand on August 27–28, 2014. This meeting brought together high-level science advisors, scientists, and practitioners to discuss the relationship between science and policy. A new network of European science academies was established at the European Open Science meeting in Copenhagen in June 2014, which now includes 20 countries.
The International Council for Science (ICSU) is a major international organization with a program in science for policy.
Science advice structures
A briefing paper, described four of the most commonly used science advice structures for jurisdictions: advisory councils, advisory committees, national academies, and chief scientific advisors. These structures are most commonly employed at the national level, but may also be used in sub-national jurisdictions like Quebec, or supra-national bodies like the European Commission, which has an in-house science service, the Joint Research Centre.
Science advice also occurs at sub-national levels, where structures may include departmental scientific advisors (for example, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, and at the international level, where networks such as the International Council for Science coordinate science for policy, for example through serving as the science voice in the United Nations.
For any of these structures, individual experts may be asked for advice in specific circumstances.
Science advice by jurisdiction (nation-state, sub-national jurisdictions, and supra-national bodies)
References
Science education
Science policy
Lachlan Whitfield (born 18 July 1994) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Greater Western Sydney Giants in the Australian Football League (AFL). They were the first overall selection in the 2012 AFL draft.
They played in the TAC Cup for the Dandenong Stingrays. They won the Larke Medal as the best player at the 2012 AFL Under 18 Championships.
Growing up, they supported the Hawthorn Football Club.
In November 2016, Whitfield was suspended for six months for "bringing the game into disrepute" as a result of taking illicit drugs in May 2015 and attempting to evade drug testing at the time under the guidance of Greater Western Sydney administrators Graeme Allan and Craig Lambert.
At the end of the 2017 season, Whitfield signed a contract extension with the Giants, keeping them at the club until the end of 2020. During the 2018 season Lachie made their way from the midfield into the backline as a running Halfback due to several injuries to teammates and in August 2018, Whitfield was named in the 2018 All-Australian team on Halfback after having a career best year in their new position. Whitfield who was soon to become a free agent in 2020, had ignored rumours and speculation and had signed a 7 year deal, tying them to Greater Western Sydney until 2027.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end the Preliminary Final, 2019
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
|style="text-align:center;" style="white-space: nowrap;|
| 6 || 19 || 8 || 4 || 174 || 158 || 332 || 103 || 42 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 9.2 || 8.3 || 17.5 || 5.4 || 2.2|| 1
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 11 || 8 || 6 || 133 || 92 || 225 || 64 || 19 || 0.7 || 0.5 || 12.1 || 8.4 || 20.5 || 5.8 || 1.7|| 2
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 21 || 6 || 7 || 270 || 185 || 455 || 137 || 38 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 12.9 || 8.8 || 21.7 || 6.5 || 1.8|| 0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 21 || 11 || 5 || 246 || 187 || 433 || 123 || 73 || 0.5 || 0.2 || 11.7 || 8.9 || 20.6 || 5.9 || 3.5|| 3
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 18 || 10 || 7 || 246 || 186 || 432 || 109 || 60 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 13.7 || 10.3 || 24.0 || 6.1 || 3.3|| 5
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 24 || 6 || 9 || 395 || 247 || 642 || 161 || 77 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 16.5 || 10.3 || 26.8 || 6.7 || 3.2|| 16
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 6 || 19 || 11 || 7 || 322 || 191 || 513 || 146 || 53 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 17.0 || 10.1 || 27.0 || 7.7 || 2.8|| 12
|-
| scope=row | 2020 || || 6
| 17 || 1 || 2 || 224 || 166 || 390 || 111 || 34 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 13.2 || 9.8 || 22.9 || 6.5 || 2.0 || 4
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 150
! 61
! 47
! 2010
! 1412
! 3422
! 954
! 396
! 0.4
! 0.3
! 13.4
! 9.4
! 22.8
! 6.3
! 2.6
! 43
|}
Notes
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Greater Western Sydney Giants players
Dandenong Stingrays players
Kevin Sheedy Medal winners
All-Australians (AFL)
Tom Township is a township in Benton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Tom Township was formed on April 2, 1842, taking its name from Tom Bishop, who was court clerk, when the township was organized.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County, Missouri
Robert Snyder is a former United States soldier and former interim Chief of Staff of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs since January 2016.
From January 20, 2017, to February 13, 2017, they served as the Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
References
American civil servants
Trump administration cabinet members
United States Secretaries of Veterans Affairs
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Ravenswood, West Virginia
Ciara Gaynor is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2004, a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003, and five All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004.
Family background
Ciara's father Len Gaynor was a double All Ireland hurling medalist with Tipperary, manager of the Clare and Tipperary hurling teams and the Tipperary camogie team. They won an All-Ireland schools' medal in 1994 with St Mary's. Nenagh alongside fellow All Star winner Suzanne Kelly.
Career
They played in six successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary winning All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004. They won Intermediate All Ireland honours with Tipperary in 1997.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
1979 births
Jason Castro may refer to:
Jason Castro (singer) (born 1987), American singer-songwriter, contestant of TV show American Idol
Jason Castro (album), the self-titled debut studio album recorded by Jason Castro
Jason Castro (baseball) (born 1987), American baseball player
Jayson Castro (born 1986), Filipino basketball player
Castro, Joseph
Kızılören, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released as the second single (third in the UK) from their fourth studio album, The Element of Freedom (2009). The ballad has been hailed by many music critics as the best track from the album. It marks a departure in Keys' artistic production. This single was Keys' third consecutive top 10 hit from The Element of Freedom in the United Kingdom. It was also the 99th most successful song of the year 2010 in the Billboard Hot 100.
Composition and style
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" is a downtempo song written by Keys, Patrick Reynolds and Jeff Bhasker in the key of F major (pesante) with a time signature in common time and a tempo of 83 beats per minute and combines elements of synths and drums to create a retro 1980s power ballad feel. The vocal range spans from E3 to D5. The basic chord progression of the song is B♭, C, and F.
In the lyrics, the narrator vows to move on from a failed relationship, but struggles to overcome constant thoughts of their lover.
Chart performance
The song premiered on October 29, 2009, and was released to the iTunes Store on November 17, 2009. The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 58, the highest after "No One" and "Doesn't Mean Anything". It has spent twenty weeks on the chart, peaking at number 27. On the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, the song became Keys' thirteenth top ten hit, peaking at number 2 and spending ten weeks in the top ten. The song also debuted at No. 2 on the Norwegian Charts and became their highest charting single there so far. On January 31, 2010 the single entered the UK Singles Chart at number 71 based on downloads alone, but dropped out the following week. Upon being confirmed as the third UK single, the single re-entered the chart on April 26, 2010 at number 63. On May 23, 2010 it climbed to a new peak of number 13. Upon physical release, the single remained at its peak of number 13. The success of the song propelled the album back in the top 10 of the UK Albums Chart, twenty-three weeks after its original release. Following a performance on Britain's Got Talent on 1 June 2010, the single climbed into the Top 10 on 6 June 2010 at number 7, marking the third consecutive Top 10 single from The Element of Freedom as well as Keys' ninth Top 10 single overall. On March 19, 2010, the song was released as the album's second single in Germany and later peaked at number 33.
Critical reception
The song received widespread critical acclaim from music critics; many compared it to a Prince composition. Entertainment Weekly called it "insidiously, almost obscenely hooky: a slithering riff on early-'80s Prince with a monster synth line." Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone stated that "The superb Prince hommages, "Try Sleeping With a Broken Heart" and "This Bed," are experiments that pay off big, submerging Keys' pipes in unabashed 1980s synth cheese." Andrew Burgess of MusicOMH referred to it as a "fever dream", citing it as a "standout moment" while Clover Hopes of Vibe magazine praised the song as "instantly timeless" and described it as a "gorgeous drum-powered exercise in vocal discipline (with its whispered huffs and puffs) that deals with the loss of a man's mere presence". Dan Weiss of Popmatters, gave the song a seven out of ten rating and thought that ""Sleeping" is proof that Keys can find the warmth inside of a song even when they push away from the piano and the arrangement drifts into something colder and more abstract."
Randy Lewis of the LA Times was highly impressed with the track and wrote: "In "Try Sleeping With a Broken Heart," she's crafted an intriguing refrain: "I'm gonna find a way to make it without you . . .," admitting she's still searching for a full-fledged sense of security in whatever newfound freedom she's come into. But then they extend the thought with the kicker word ". . . tonight." Are they taking the one-day-at-a-time approach of a 12-step program for romantic addiction? Is it merely the application of an emotional band-aid? Or might they be asserting that the path to true independence always begins right here, right now? It's never entirely clear, and the ambiguity makes the song that much richer.". PopJustice said that the song is the album's "secret weapon" and called it "amazing", adding that it's "a head-explodingly brilliant, timeless 'n' modern R&B ballad". Slant magazine said that "The best moments on Freedom come early, with the clear standout being "Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart." There, some retro synth work lends a funky backdrop for Keys's breathy vamping, alternating disco-diva choruses with Prince-worthy verses". Robert Copsey of Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars, branding it as one of the stand out tracks from the album. They also stated that the verses were good because of Keys's breathy vocals with military-style drumming in the background, they felt the chorus was full of "palpable emotion". Overall, they branded the song as an "effortless and timeless power ballad".
Music video
Keys filmed the video on October 30 and October 31, 2009, in Brooklyn. The music video premiered on November 16, 2009. The video begins with the words, "There are those among us who are blessed with the power to save what is loved by another. But powerless to use this blessing for love themselves". The beat of the music then starts, showing what appears to be a purple sea at first, however is then shown to be Keys' bed sheets. Keys is seen to be leaning on their bed, and then starts to sing. On the bed, there is a photo frame, which is turned down. Keys is seen to have a coloured tattoo on their back, representing the theme of the album, "The Element of Freedom". Keys is then seen to exit their building, wearing a studded leather jacket and sunglasses. Scenes are also shown of Keys singing the song at the bottom of the stairway. As they are walking down the road, various shots of the city are shown, including buildings with graffiti, and a basketball hoop etc. They then spots a dog having just collided with a car in the road, with a young girl crouching down by its side crying. Key walks over and touches the dog, using their superpowers to bring life back to the dog and save it, bringing happiness to the young girl. Throughout this part of the video, a hooded figure is seen to be watching Keys, which they are aware of. Scenes are then shown of them driving their BMW motorcycle with a purple laser beam increasing the speed of the bike. They then parks their bike in a warehouse, and uses their superpowers to fly up to some skylights, where they carry on to sing the song. Another scene is also shown of Keys playing the piano in the warehouse. Keys is then seen to appear back in the alley way, returning to their bike, however is stopped by the hooded figure, who turns out to be their lover. They smile at him, and reaches their hand out towards their face. However, they are seen draining their face of energy and life with their power, and so has to pull their hand back, showing they are unable to touch their lover without draining them of their life. They then gets on their bike, leaving them in the warehouse alone. The video then moves back to the original scene of Keys sitting on their bed, looking at the photograph of their lover, with a teardrop falling down the face onto the picture, turning it black. The video ends with Keys leaning back onto their bed, showing their purple bedsheets rippling like at the start of the video. The video was directed by Los Angeles-based Syndrome Studio.
Live performances
Keys performed the song at New York University's Skirball Center for Pepsi Music. Keys also performed it on Dancing With The Stars on November 17, 2009. They also performed the song on Saturday Night Live on January 9, 2010; as well as at the 2009 American Music Awards. On the 22nd of January, Keys also performed "Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" on Friday Night With Jonathan Ross. They also performed it at the 2010 NBA All-Star Game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, on February 14, 2010. On March 5, 2010, Keys performed the song on The Oprah Winfrey Show. Keys also performed the song on the second semi-final night of Britain's Got Talent on June 1, 2010. The song has been included on Keys Freedom Tour, Set the World on Fire Tour and Alicia + Keys World Tour.
Track listings
German / Austrian / Swiss CD single & UK Digital download
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" – 4:09
"Lover Man" – 3:16
Digital EP
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" – 4:09
"Lover Man" – 3:16
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" (Music Video)
Polish promotional CD single
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" (Radio Edit) – 3:52
"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" (Radio ID)
"Wishing Happy New Year" (Radio ID)
"Wishing Happy Holidays" (Radio ID)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2000s ballads
2009 singles
Alicia Keys songs
Pop ballads
Song recordings produced by Jeff Bhasker
Songs written by Alicia Keys
Songs written by Jeff Bhasker
2009 songs
Songs written by Plain Pat
J Records singles
Songs about heartache
Léon-Arthur Elchinger (2 July 1908, in Soufflenheim – 30 June 1998, in Strasbourg) was the Bishop of Strasbourg from 1967 to 1984.
Diploma
Ph.D in Theology and in Scholasticism philosophia
Bachelor of Arts
Career in the Order
1931: Ordained Catholic priest in April, then nominated professor and director at the theological seminary in Strasbourg
1938: Military chaplain in Strasbourg
1941: Nominated Senior of the theological seminary of Strasbourg; withdrawn back to Clermont-Ferrand during World War II
1945: Nominated Diocesan director of the catholic pedagogy of Strasbourg
1947: Nominated Canon of the Strasbourg Cathedral
1958: Nominated ancillary Bishop and coadjutor Mgr Weber
1962–1965: Participated in the Second Vatican Council; made a notable intercession on behalf of the rehabilitation of Galileo Galilei
1967: Nominated Bishop of Strasbourg
1984: Resigned as Bishop of Strasbourg, being replaced by Msgr. Charles-Amarin Brand
1984–1998: Very active during their retirement, they wrote several books and appeared often in the news media. They died two days before their 90th birthday.
Bibliography
By Léon-Arthur Elchinger :
Urgence du vrai, Cri d'un évêque - Mame, collection Religion
Je plaide pour l'homme - Fayard, collection Religion
Liberté d'un Evêque - Centurion
David contre Goliath aujourd'hui - Fayard, collection Christianime
Risquer la vérité, les racines de l'avenir - Fayard, collection Christianime
L'âme de l'Alsace et son avenir - La Nuée Bleue
Paroles pour la France - Salvator
Controversy
In April 1981, Elchinger remarked at a press conference, "I consider homosexuality a sickness." This prompted the concentration camp deportee, Pierre Seel, to write an open letter to the Bishop on 18 November, and to speak publicly for the first time about their experiences and wartime abuses they had faced as a homosexual.
See also
Archbishops of Strasbourg
External links
Mgr Elchinger by Yeshoua RASH 1979
Mgr ELCHINGER by the Grand Rabbi René GUTMAN, 1998
1908 births
1998 deaths
People from Bas-Rhin
People from Alsace-Lorraine
Bishops of Strasbourg
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in France
Hackensack may refer to:
People
Hackensack people, a Native American tribe
Places
Hackensack, Minnesota, U.S.
Hackensack, New Jersey, U.S.
Hackensack River, in New York and New Jersey, U.S.
Hackensack Township, New Jersey, a former township in Bergen County, New Jersey
Songs
"Hackensack", a song by Fountains of Wayne from the 2003 album Welcome Interstate Managers
"Hackensack", a cover on MTV Unplugged (Katy Perry EP), 2009
"Hackensack", a composition by Thelonious Monk (1917–1982)
See also
Retouch ( Rutuš) is an Iranian short film directed by Kaveh Mazaheri, which was co-produced by Kaveh Mazaheri and Iranian Youth Cinema Society (IYCS). The film is one of the most successful Iranian short films that won the Best Short Fiction Film Award from the Fajr Film Festival and the best international film festivals such as Tribeca, Krakow, Palm Springs, Stockholm, Ojai, Tirana and Traverse City.
Retouch has enjoyed a successful film festival run, winning at three Oscar qualifying film festivals, including: Tribeca Film Festival (Best Narrative Short), Palm Springs Shortfest (Best Live Action Over 15 Min) and the Krakow Film Festival (Silver Dragon for Best Short Fiction Film).
Plot
Maryam's husband has an accident at home and, rather than saving him, they stop helping and watches them die.
Awards
Short Waves Festival (Poland 2018)- Winner International Competition 2nd Award
Tribeca Film Festival (USA 2017)- Winner Best Narrative Short, Winner Jury Prize
Kraków Film Festival (Poland 2017)- Winner Best Short Fiction Film, Winner Don Quixote Award
Palm Springs International ShortFest (USA 2017)- Winner Best Live Action over 15 Minutes
Fajr Film Festival (Iran 2017)-Winner Best Short Film (Crystal Simorgh Prize)
Curtas Vila do Conde International Film Festival (Portugal 2017) - Winner Audience Award, Nominated Grand Prize
Stockholm International Film Festival (Sweden 2017) – Winner Best Short Film
Traverse City Film Festival (USA 2017) - Winner Best Short Fiction Film
Hancheng International Short Film Festival (China 2017) - Winner 3rd Prize for Best Short Film of Silk Road Competition
Ojai Film Festival (USA 2017) – Winner Best Narrative Short
Tirana International Film Festival (Albania 2017) – Winner Best Short Fiction
Wine Country Film Festival-WCFF (USA 2017) – Winner “COURAGE IN CINEMA” AWARD
Festival Tous Courts (France 2017) – Winner Jury Prize
Almería International Film Festival (Spain 2017) – Winner Best Screenplay
Iranian Film Festival – San Francisco (USA 2017) – Winner Best Screenplay for Short Film
Asiana International Short Film Festival (Korea 2017) – Winner Jury Special Mention
São Paulo International Short Film Festival (Brazil 2017) – Winner Audience Favorite Prize, Nominated Best Film
Bosphorus International Film Festival (Turkey 2017) – Winner Best International Short Fiction Film
Moscow International Film Festival (Russia 2017) – Nominated Best Film of the Short Film Competition (Silver St. George)
Durban International Film Festival (South Africa 2017)- Nominated Best International Short Film
Dokufest International Documentary and Short Film Festival (Kosovo 2017) - Nominated Best Fiction Short Film
Encounters Film Festival (UK 2017) – Nominated Best Film
Moondance International Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Tallgrass Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Tacoma Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Sedicicorto International Film Festival (Italy 2017) – Nominated Best Short Film
Chicago International Film Festival (USA 2017) – Nominated Gold Hugo for Best Fiction Short Film
Valladolid International Film Festival-Seminci (Spain 2017) – Nominated Best Foreign Short at Meeting Point Section
References
External links
2017 films
Iranian drama films
2010s Persian-language films
Films set in Tehran
Films set in Iran
The Lairdland Farm House is a historic farmhouse in Giles County, Tennessee, U.S..
History
The land belonged to Thomas J. Lane when it was purchased by Robert Henderson Laird in the 1830. Shortly after, Laird built the farmhouse, and they designed it in the Greek Revival architectural style. During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, it served as a hospital for the Confederate States Army.
In 1867, it was passed on to Laird's daughter and their husband, James Knox Polk Blackburn. It was subsequently inherited by their son, Dr. James K. P. Blackburn. By the 1990s, the house belonged to James T. Blackburn IV. In 2002, it was purchased by Donald Rouleau.
The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 7, 1995. It has a Civil War museum open to the public.
References
External links
Lairdland Farm House - official site
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1830
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
Antebellum architecture
American Civil War museums in Tennessee
Historic house museums in Tennessee
The Manxman is a novel by Hall Caine, first appearing as a serial in The Queen, The Lady's Newspaper and Court Chronicle between January and July 1894. Published as one volume in August 1894 by Heinemann, The Manxman ended the system of three-volume novels. A highly popular novel of its period, it was set in the Isle of Man and concerned a romantic triangle. The novel has as its central themes, the mounting consequences of sin and the saving grace of simple human goodness.
Plot summary
Part I The novel concerns the love triangle between Kate Cregeen and the two good friends and cousins, the illegitimate, poorly educated but good-hearted Peter Quilliam, and the well-educated and cultured Philip Christian. Kate's father rejects Pete's request to marry their daughter, due to their low prospects, and so Pete sets off to Kimberly, South Africa, to earn their fortune. They leaf Philip in charge of looking after Kate in theirs absence.
Part II As Kate matures into an adult woman and Philip rises to become the foremost young lawyer in the island, they begin to fall in love. This is first openly spoken of between them when they hear rumours that Pete has died in Africa. However, the course of their love is still not open as Philip has to choose between worldly success and the position as Deemster, or their love of the lower class Kate. Feeling this push them apart, Kate "is driven to an effort to hold on to the man whom life is tearing away from them by making a mistaken appeal to their love."
Part III Pete returns to the island with a fortune fit to have their marriage proposal accepted by Kate's parents, while Kate is bed-ridden recovering from an illness brought about by Philip's breaking with them to stay true to their promise to Pete. Remaining unaware of anything between Philip and Kate, Pete arranges for the wedding, which Kate goes through with in a confused daze.
Part IV Kate gives birth to a daughter which they realise is Philip's. This fact, along with the reason for Kate's displeasure at the marriage, remains hidden to Pete, who proves themselves to be a good and doting husband. When Kate informs Philip of the paternity of the baby girl, they arrange for them to live with them in secret. They leaf Pete's house to go to Philip on the evening when Pete is at the head of the crowd honouring Philip on their return to Ramsey, having been made Deemster.
Part V Heart-broken at the disappearance of Kate, Pete looks to keep their memory in honour by pretending that they have gone to Liverpool to stay with a fictional uncle. To maintain this lie against the gossip of the town, Pete multiplies their lies in beginning to fake a written correspondence between Kate and himself. As Philip watches their friend's pathetic pretence, they feel the weight of their deceit, which causes them to take to drink and to pull away from Kate who has been secretly installed in their house. This situation continues until Kate leaves Philip so that they are relieved of their wretched situation.
Part VI With Pete's fortune used up, their deception with the letters is found out and Kate is universally thought of as a fallen woman by everyone but Pete. Meanwhile, the child falls sick, the news of which reaches Kate where they had fled, in London. They return to see the child where they again meet Pete before throwing themselves into the harbour, attempting to end their shameful life. However, they are saved and immediately brought before the Deemster, Philip, to be tried. Philip realises who they are as they commit them to the prison in Castletown, and then faints. Whilst still in a swoon they are taken to Pete's house, where Pete hears Philip's feverish and unconscious confessions. However, instead of wreaking vengeance on Philip and Kate, Pete "realises that they alone are the person in the way, and therefore wipes themselves out in order that the woman they love may be happy." So Pete determines to leave the island again, divorcing Kate before they go and leaving Philip with the child and their best wishes. Philip then overcomes their final temptation, to take up the position of Governor, and confesses everything publicly and so unburdens himself. The final scene sees them retrieving Kate from prison to start life afresh.
Style
The novel is notable for its regular use of Manx dialect in speech. Peter Quilliam and the majority of the smaller characters in the novel speak in a colloquial manner unique to the Isle of Man, rendered truthfully in the novel through unusual spellings, unusual grammatical structure and even occasional Manx Gaelic words and phrases (all of which are explained in the text). An example of such a section of dialogue is as follows:
"Is it wanting to get done with me, you are, Pete?" they said in a quavering voice. "There's my black – I can sell it for something – it's never been worn at me since I sat through the service."
Reception
The Manxman was one of Hall Caine's greatest successes, selling over half a million copies by 1913 and being translated into twelve languages. It was also the fourth-best selling book in the United States in 1895.
It was well received by critics and the public figures of the day. The Editor of The Scotsman called it "the most powerful story that has been written in the present generation. It is a work of genius."
T. P. O'Connor wrote that "The author of The Manxman belongs to the great elect of literature." This view was also shared by the Prime Minister, Lord Rosebery, who observed of the novel that "It will rank with the great works of English literature".
It helped to establish the Isle of Man as one of the literary landscapes of Britain. Another contemporary of Caine's, the fellow novelist George Gissing however, thought it "very poor".
The novel created something of a sensation on the Isle of Man, though opinions on it were generally of outrage due to its apparent "courseness." This reception was enjoyed by Caine's friend, the Manx national poet, T. E. Brown, as can be seen in their letters:
“The island is all in a shiver about Hall Caine. 'Worse than Tess!' so they say. Ladies can't admit that they read The Manxman.”
"Take The Manxman as a rapture, not a reality. It is not Manx or anything else that 'savours of the realty.' As well ask for a map of Prospero's Isle as a picture of the Isle of Man from The Manxman. Don't bother about that. Surrender yourself to the hurly-burly of splendour and get carried away, God knows where! [...] The dear old Manx folk are terribly puzzled, many of them quite outraged. 'Local colour' is knocked to smithereens (glorious smithereens!), anachronism runs riot [...]. Read and enjoy.”
Adaptations
The novel was adapted twice for the stage. The initial play, written by Wilson Barrett with the title The Manxman, saw its first performance in the Grand Theatre, Leeds, on 22 August 1894, only three weeks after the publication of the book. After a regional tour, the play opened in the Shaftesbury Theatre in London with Lewis Walker in the lead role. However, it was so poorly received by the public and critics alike that it only last 13 performances. On 5 March 1898 Wilson Barrett, Maud Jeffries along with their London company opened the play in Them Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, Australia.
After a correspondence with George Bernard Shaw, Hall Caine themselves then wrote a second version of the play in collaboration with Louis N. Parker. This version of the play, entitled Pete: A Drama in Four Acts featured Parker and their wife in the lead roles and proved to be a popular success.
In Australia Maud Williamson dramatised the novel as A Woman's Sin.
The novel had two eponymous silent film adaptations. In 1916, George Loane Tucker directed the first version and in 1929 Alfred Hitchcock made the hit remake, their last fully silent film.
Locations in the novel
The principle locations in the novel include the following:
Ramsey – The location of Pete and Kate's house, Philip's family home (in Ballure, which was considered to be distinct from Ramsey at the time of the novel), and most of the later action of the novel.
Sulby – The location of the parental home of Kate, and most of early action in the novel.
Douglas – The location of Philip's home in which they live in secret with Kate (in Athol Street).
Peel – The location of various scenes concerning Pete and their time as a sailor.
Tynwald – The location of the confrontation between the sailors and the Governor, adjudicated by Philip (in Part V of the novel)
Castletown – The location of Kate's incarceration, and Philip's final confession in the courthouse.
Notes
Bibliography
Allen, Vivien. Hall Caine: portrait of a Victorian romancer. Sheffield Academic Press, 1997.
Stark, Susanne. The novel in Anglo-German context: Cultural Cross-Currents and Affinities.
Yacowar, Maurice & Grant, Barry Keith. Hitchcock's British Films. Wayne State University Press, 2010.
External links
The full text of the novel, from www.manxliterature.com
Pete: A Drama in Four Acts, the 1908 dramatisation of the novel, adapted by Hall Caine, available from www.manxliterature.com.
The Manxman 1929 pressbook British Film Institute
1894 British novels
British novels adapted into films
Novels by Hall Caine
Novels set in the Isle of Man
Heinemann (publisher) books
Novels first published in serial form
Female sex tourism is sex tourism by women who travel intending to engage in sexual activities with one or more locals, usually male sex workers. Female sex tourists may seek aspects of the sexual relationship not typically shared by male sex tourists, such as perceived romance and intimacy. Women who fit this profile – especially wealthy, single, older white women – plan their holidays to have romance and sex with a companion who knows how to make them feel special and give them attention. The incidence of female sex tourism is reportedly lower than male sex tourism.
Female sex tourism occurs in diverse regions of the world. The demographics of female sex tourism vary by destination, but in general female sex tourists are usually classified as women from a developed country, who travel to Less Developed Countries in search of romance or sexual outlets.
Female sex tourists can be grouped into three types:
Traditional sex tourists, who have similar characteristics and motives as male sex tourists.
Situational sex tourists, who do not intentionally put themselves in a sex tourist position, but find themselves involved in a sexual encounter with local men. Situational sex tourists may fall into the category of either being business persons, students, women in overseas conferences or other women who have different agendas that are non-sexual.
Romance tourists, who plan to fulfill their travel with romantic experiences that they cannot experience in their native country.
With this movement of different populations to different countries, problems concerning health increase, especially ailments involving sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and HIV/AIDS. Some women involved with sex tourism do not use barrier contraceptives during the majority of their visit, leaving them and the men they have sex with unprotected against STIs.
Terminology
There is an ongoing debate on terminology regarding female sex tourism. Pruitt and LaFont argue that the term female sex tourism is not representative of the relationship that female tourists have with local men. They argue that female sex tourism oversimplifies the motives of these women and that romance tourism explains the complex nature of what these women are engaging themselves in while involved in romance tours. They also propose that the expression female sex tourism "serves to perpetuate gender roles and reinforce power relations of male dominance and female subordination, romance tourism in Jamaica provides an arena for change".
Scholars such as Klaus de Albuquerque counter that the term romance tourism overcomplicates what the motives of sex tourists are. de Albuquerque stated that concepts like "romance tourism" are only representative of small niches, like that of Jamaica and its cultural beliefs. Through their research, they conclude that the majority of female sex tourists are solely touring for physical encounters and not romance. They also say that the "tourist and beach boys may define their relationships as one of romance, [but] in reality, the relationship is one of prostitution".
Researcher Jacqueline Sanchez-Taylor argues that the term female sex tourism and even the term romance tourism undermine what is actually happening in these situations. They compare female and male sex tourism and shows how each relationship is based upon sexual-economic relationships. They also explore whether or not female sex tourism is based on romance and if there is some sort of sexual-economic relationship occurring between the two parties. They added, "The fact that parallels between male and female sex tourism are widely overlooked reflects and reproduces weaknesses in existing theoretical and commonsense understandings of gendered power...[and] sex tourism."
Destinations
A number of countries have become destinations for female sex tourism, including Southern Europe (mainly in Greece, Italy, Spain and Croatia); the Caribbean (Barbados, Dominican Republic, Cuba and Jamaica); Ecuador, Costa Rica, Morocco, Turkey, Nepal, Southeast Asia, Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia and Fiji; and The Gambia and Kenya in Africa. Other destinations include Bali in Indonesia is a destination where women from Western Europe, Japan, and Australia engage in sex tourism with male locals. A survey from 2009 conducted by Wanjohi Kibicho in Malindi Kenya from the book Sex Tourism in Africa: Kenya's Booming Industry, found that out of the sex tourists surveyed, 61% were between the ages of 46–50, 31–35 (3%) being the youngest age bracket. Of the background of these women surveyed 22% were from Germany, 19% from Italy, and 15% from the Netherlands. In addition 71% of those surveyed were revisiting the destination. In gauging the reasoning for sex touring, Kibicho summarizes that women who feel rejected by men in the developed countries for being "overweight and older" find that in Kenya this is suddenly reversed. There they are "romanced", appreciated and "loved" by men.
Motives for travel
Traditional sex tourism
Traditional female sex tourists have the same intentions as their male counterparts, and travel to foreign countries that have lower wages, and take advantage of cheap prostitution at a level unaffordable in their own countries.
Examples of these sexual-economic relationships can be found in countries like Kenya, where women from the United Kingdom travel to Kenya to enjoy the sun and enjoy the "company of young men" in a sexual manner.
Situational sex tourism
Situational sex tourists differ from traditional sex tourists by considering their sexual activities with the sex worker as an added amenity to their original motive to travel.
The majority of situational sex tourists are first-time tourists who do not plan on being involved with local men, and who become involved in romantic relationships rather than having exclusively physical relationships with sex workers.
Situational sex tourism occurs when foreign tourists are attracted by male sex workers, known as beach boys in the Caribbean or gringueros in Costa Rica. According to the tourists, they are usually attracted by the exotic appeal that these men possess. This appeal can result from the ethnic differences between the sex worker and the sex tourist or the foreign lifestyle that the local men live. Women who have sexual encounters with such men are typically middle-aged and of European ethnicities.
The sex workers will often approach women who they deem vulnerable for various reasons, such as weight or age.
Romance tourism
Romance tourism refers to a different relationship than female sex tourism.
The concept of romance tourism came from researchers' observations in Jamaica; it appeared to them that the female tourist and local males viewed their relationship with each other solely based on romance and courtship rather than lust and monetary value. Romance tourism is an issue of gender identification: "gender identity is a relational construct, the Western women who seek to break from conventional roles require a different kind of relationship with men in order to realize a new gender identity". With increasing independence and financial self-reliance, women are able to travel, showing their independence from men of their culture, "female tourists have the opportunity to explore new gender behavior". Like traditional sex tourists, romance tourists have a motive for travel, romance tourists travel to underdeveloped countries to find romantic relationships.
Sex workers
Background and intentions
Male sex workers have more freedom and security than female sex workers do because males are not confined to a brothel or a pimp and are not generally physically abused by their clients.
Similar to the sex tourists, sex workers have their own intentions. Just as some Western women may consider the local men exotic, the local men may consider Western women to be exotic. Popular characteristics that appeal to a majority of sex workers are women with blonde hair and light colored eyes. Some of the sex workers will target this type of exotic woman for their own personal pleasure with no guarantee of monetary gain.
On the other side of the spectrum, most sex workers have the intention of making some form of monetary gain. Such a sex worker typically profiles tourists, in hopes of increasing their monetary wealth the fastest. While profiling they will look for older women, over the age of forty or young, overweight women. The sex worker considers these women vulnerable and will play on their vulnerability to get the tourists to obtain feelings for the sex worker. Once the tourist and sex worker obtain a relationship, the sex worker finds it easier for them to engage in a monetary exchange.
Defined by the tourist
Romance tourists do not label their sex workers "prostitutes". The local men and the tourists understand their roles in the relationship. The primary difference in definition of a local man to a romance tourist and a local man to a sex tourist is the emphasis the romance tourist places on passion instead of a transaction of goods or money for sexual favors.
Health risks
The rate of sexually transmitted infections, including HIV/AIDS, may be relatively high in some countries which are popular destinations for female sex tourism, particularly in comparison to the home countries of many sex tourists. Little or no research has been done into the transmission rates of HIV and other STDs pertaining to sex tourism. Neither has there been reliable research done into whether or not condom use is prevalent among female sex tourists. However, writer Julie Bindel speculates, in an article for The Guardian, that HIV infection figures for the region suggest that condom use by the "beach boys" in the Caribbean may be sporadic, yet female sex tourists do not appear especially preoccupied by the potential risks.
Women seeking to experience sex with foreign men put themselves at a higher risk for sexually transmitted infections. Condom use during sex tours is relatively low. It is often cited that women have the intention to have safe sex with their casual sex partners while on vacation, but at some point during the initiation of the condom, the women do not follow through.
The sex workers usually will not initiate the use of a condom due to either the limited availability of condoms, cost, beliefs, or previous experiences the sex worker has had with condoms. Female sex tourists report that, given the atmosphere and the exoticness of their lover; condoms are rarely used or discussed prior to engaging in sexual activities.
The lack of barrier contraceptives increases the risk of the tourist obtaining a sexually transmitted infection from their foreign partner especially when their partner has been with multiple women.
It has been found that in the Monteverde region of Costa Rica, female sex tourists in the region engage in some form of unprotected sexual activity with local men known as gringueros (men who pursue gringas, women from the United States, according to data researched by Nancy Romero-Daza. The women in the study were found to not be traditional sex tourists but situational sex tourists.
See also
Male prostitution
Prostitution
References
Further reading
Jacobs, Jessica. 'Sex, tourism and the Postcolonial Encounter: Landscapes of Longing in Egypt' 2010 Aldershot Ashgate
de Albuquerque, Klaus. "Sex, Beach Boys and Female Tourists in the Caribbean." Sexuality & Culture. Ed. Barry M. Dank. Vol. 2. New Brunswick, N.J.: Transaction, 1998. 87–111. 2.
de Albuquerque, Klaus. "In Search of the Big Bamboo: How Caribbean Beach Boys Sell Fun in the Sun." The Utne Reader, Jan.-Feb. 2000: 82–86.
Gorry, April Marie. Leaving Home for Romance: Tourist Women's Adventures Abroad. Doctoral dissertation, University of California, Santa Barbara, 1999. Ann Arbor: UMI 9958930, 2000
Thomas, Michelle. "Exploring the Contexts and Meanings of Women's Experiences of Sexual Intercourse on Holiday."
Clift, Stephen, and Simon Carter, ed. Tourism and Sex: Culture, Commerce and Coercion. London: Pinter, 2000. 200-20.
(This article describes sex tourism in the Gambia, West Africa, as does a follow-up article:
External links
Fallen Angels; The True Cost of sex Tourism in the Phillipines/2016
Romance on the Road: Traveling Women Who Love Foreign Men
Kenya Cracking Down on Beach Boys, Gigolos Serving Tourists, The New York Times
80,000 women travel to Jamaica each year in search of the big bamboo, Rent-a-Rasta.com
Sex tourism: When women do it, it's called 'romance travelling'
Sex tourism in full boom, Ottawa Citizen, Ottawa Citizen, Monday, January 8, 2007
The Jordanian Desert's Other Delight: Sex Tourism
Senegal Draws Tourists with Sun, Sea...and Sex
Prostitution
Sex tourism
Women and sexuality
Josephine Macalister Brew CBE (18 February 190430 May 1957) was a British educationist and youth worker. A 'pioneer of social groupwork as a vehicle for social education,' their 1946 work Informal Education was the 'first text to deliberately employ the term' and the first solo-authored work on the subject.
Life and work
Josephine Macalister Brew was born Mary Winifred Brew in Llanelli, Wales, the daughter of Frederick Charles Brew, a boot and shoe dealer. They studied history at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth, and graduated in 1925, after which they became a history teacher at Shaftesbury High School for Girls, Dorset. In 1932, Brew moved to Cardiff to study for their Doctor of Law.
In Cardiff, Brew began their lifelong involvement in youth and community work, working with the Butetown Women and Girls' Club, and South Wales educational settlements. They later became a youth officer in Lincoln, where they acted as secretary of the Lincoln Federation of Girls Clubs. Subsequently, Brew served on the executive committee of the National Association of Girls' Clubs (later the National Association of Girls' Clubs and Mixed Clubs) for whom, following a comparatively short period as youth officer for Oldham, they were appointed Education Secretary in 1942. Among their colleagues there were Eileen Younghusband and Pearl Jephcott. The National Association of Girls Clubs and Mixed Clubs boasted, in 1944, 108,000 affiliated clubs, described as 'a training-ground for citizenship, giving a foretaste of the responsibilities and joys of an adult life, as well as an experience of community life.' Brew themselves was a vocal advocate of mixed clubs, arguing for their benefits to young people and the society in which they lived.
Brew also played a key role in creating the pilot Girls' Award (launched in 1958), part of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award scheme, initiated two years earlier in 1956.
As well as active youth work, Brew was a sought after speaker, and contributor to numerous publications. These included pieces for the Times Educational Supplement, as well as national newspapers. Brew's writing has been described as having 'a characteristic flowing style that moves between erudition and the plain talking of a sensible aunt.'
Philosophy
Brew believed that society had a responsibility to prepare its young people for their role as future citizens in a rapidly changing world. In 'Why Clubs at All?' (1943), they argued that: They are the citizens of tomorrow, and to them the community has a double responsibility. Firstly, to provide each one of them with the possibilities of full and harmonious development, and secondly, to try to ensure that they are fitted to be members of the community of the future.
In their preface to Informal Education, published in 1946, Brew wrote: Perhaps nothing will matter more in the next fifty years than the ability of the common man to adapt themselves to the changing world - a world in which material prosperity may be just around the corner, but where there are still vast acreages of barren land in the intellectual, emotional and spiritual field. For Brew, the function of youth work was educating 'individual personalities with powers of judgment who will indulge in group living in the service of a social ideal'. They believed that involvement in youth clubs, and opportunities for association with others, would best equip young people for the requirements of active citizenship; that 'it is in the interplay of social relationships that real and full individuality is attained'. This preparation would act as a counterbalance to a society in which, Brew wrote, 'we educate our children for the first fourteen years of their life as though there were no such things as industry, and then surrender them to industry as though education had never been.'
Brew also believed that, in light of 'much social injustice and many intolerable circumstances', the aim of club leaders should be social reform. In Clubs and Club Making, they argued that:If young people are to become fully alive to their own powers and capable of being responsible members of society, social conditions must not exist which make that almost impossible. Thus the club leader must constantly seek to persuade the wider community to fit itself to be the kind of society in which these young people can grow up to enter into full citizenship.
Death and legacy
Josephine Macalister Brew died on 30 May 1957 at Woodford Green, Essex. A funeral service was held at the City of London Crematorium on 3 June.
In an obituary in Nature, John Wolfenden wrote that 'there can be few people who have lived so fully, so usefully, or so serviceably' as Brew. 'She would', they concluded, 'prefer to be remembered as one who never lost their astringent affection for hundreds of 'crazy mixed-up kids'.' Dame Isobel Cripps described Brew as a 'constructive force', whose 'great gift to us all is that they have built into the fibre of our nation something which will live on in the generations to come.'
On 13 June 1957, as part of the Queen's Birthday Honours, Brew was appointed CBE.
Publications
Clubs and Club Making (1943)
In the Service of Youth, a practical manual of work among adolescents (1944)
Informal Education; Adventures and Reflections (1946)
The Young Idea (1956)
Youth and Youth Groups (1957)
'Group Work with Adolescents' in Social Group Work in Great Britain, ed. Peter Kuenstler (1954)
References
External links
Brew, J. Macalister at WorldCat
Informal Education by Josephine Macalister Brew at Internet Archive
1904 births
1957 deaths
Social workers
British women educators
British educators
Youth work
Peter David Tarsey (5 August 1937 – 29 March 2015) was a British diver who competed for Great Britain at the 1956 Summer Olympics, and won a bronze medal at the 1958 Commonwealth Games.
Early life
Tarsey was born on 5 August 1937 in Brentford, Greater London, England.
Career
At the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, Tarsey competed in the Men's 3 metre springboard, where they finished 16th, and the Men's 10 metre platform, where they finished 14th.
Tarsey competed in two Commonwealth Games winning a bronze medal at Cardiff in 1958, in the Men's 3m Springboard event.
Personal life
Tarsey married Jean Biggs in February 1960. They had two sons, Alexei and Sascha. They lived in Spain for 18 years.
At the time of their deaths the Tarseys were trying to sell their house in order to move near their son Sascha and grandchildren in Majorca.
Murder
The couple were found shot dead "in each other's arms" at their villa in Xalo, near Benidorm, Spain, on 29 March 2015, by friends who had come to Sunday dinner. They had been killed three days earlier.
In July 2016 Driss Drizi, 63, a Moroccan immigrant painter, was jailed for 31 years after confessing to the double murder and striking a plea bargain with prosecutors. Drizi was sentenced to 15 years for each murder, an additional year for illegal possession of a weapon, and ordered to pay 150,000 euros to each of the Tarsey's two sons. Drizi shot the couple following an unspecified row with David Tarsey.
References
1937 births
2015 deaths
2015 murders in Spain
English male divers
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Divers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Deaths by firearm in Spain
Olympic divers of Great Britain
People from Brentford
People murdered in Spain
English people murdered abroad
Sportspeople from London
Male murder victims
Commonwealth Games medallists in diving
Polisportiva Virtus Castelfranco Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Castelfranco Emilia, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Serie D.
History
The club was founded in 1959.
Serie D
In the season 2003–04 it was promoted from Eccellenza Emilia–Romagna to Serie D.
Colors and badge
Its colors are white and yellow.
External links
Romagnasport Site
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1959
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
1959 establishments in Italy
Tracy Chou (born 1987) is American software engineer and feminist.
Tracy Chou may also refer to:
(born 1983) is Taiwanese actor.
Yaw Kiti Glymin (born 22 July 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer. Their position is on the . They previously played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League.
Background
Glymin was born in Arncliffe, New South Wales and is of Ghanaian descent. Their name Yaw means Thursday in Ghanaian. They played their junior rugby league for the Arncliffe Scots, before being signed by the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Playing career
Early career
Progressing through the St. George Illawarra Dragons Harold Matthews Cup and S. G. Ball Cup squads, Glymin played for the Dragons' NYC team in 2012 and 2013, before moving on to the Dragons' New South Wales Cup team, Illawarra Cutters in 2014. On 27 October 2014, they re-signed with St. George Illawarra on a one-year contract.
2015
In round 17 of the 2015 NRL season, Glymin made their NRL debut for St. George Illawarra against the North Queensland Cowboys. On 12 August 2015, Glymin re-signed with St. George on a two-year contract.
2017
Glymin was released by St. George at the end of 2017 after only managing to make 1 appearance for the club due to injuries.
References
External links
St. George Illawarra Dragons profile
1993 births
Australian rugby league players
Australian people of Ghanaian descent
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
Illawarra Cutters players
Rugby league wingers
Living people
Rugby league players from Sydney
Frederick Baldwin Adams (5 February 187823 October 1961) was an American business person and philanthropist.
Early life
Adams was born in Toledo, Ohio, the son of a bank cashier. Their father had moved to Ohio from New England. Frederick was sent east to attend St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, at the age of fourteen. From St. Paul's, they went to Yale, where they received an AB in 1900. They were a member of the Skull and Bones society.
Career
Their first job after Yale was as a claim agent for the Mohawk Division of the New York Central Railroad. In 1902 they became secretary to Robert C. Pruyn, and the following year became secretary of the Union Trust Company of Albany. It was only a few years later when Robert Pruyn would hire Charles Edward Adams as their secretary, Frederick's brother, a graduate of St. Paul's and a member of Skull and Bones. Adams moved to New York City in 1905 to become a partner in the firm of Potter, Choate and Prentice.
During their lifetime they served as Chairman of the West Indies Sugar Corp. They were also connected with the Atlantic coastline Railroad; the Louisville & Nashville Railroad; the Clinchfield Railroad; and the Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville Railroad. Adams also branched out into other areas, becoming involved with the Union Trust Company of Albany; the Wright Aeronautical Company; the Air Reduction Company; Potter, Choate & Prentice; and Schroder, Rockefeller & Co.
Adams was Chairman of the Board of the Air Reduction Company. It was engaged in the manufacture and sale of oxygen, acetylene, and other gasses and oxy-acetylene cutting and welding equipment. It was the leading company of its field and had links to Lee, Higginson & Co., the Chase Manhattan Bank, and the Guaranty Trust Co. In 1930, the company made over $5 million in profits.
Adams was involved with the Boys Club of New York, the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, the Fifth Avenue Hospital, and served on the planning committee of the Roosevelt National Memorial. They were a member of the Knickerbocker Club of New York.
Personal life
In 1907, they were married to Ellen Walters Delano. Ellen, a first cousin of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, was the daughter of Warren Delano IV, and the granddaughter of William Thompson Walters, a merchant and art collector. They had two children:
Frederick Baldwin Adams, Jr., who graduated from Yale
Laura Delano Adams (1927–2005), who married John Eastman, Jr.
With the small fortune they made from their business interests, Adams maintained a house in New York City, a summer home on Campobello Island, and a plantation on the Cape Fear River.
Adams died in 1961 at River House, New York City, from a long illness.
References
External links
1878 births
1961 deaths
American railroad executives
American philanthropists
St. Paul's School (New Hampshire) alumni
Yale University alumni
Businesspeople from Toledo, Ohio
Skull and Bones Society
BioOne is a nonprofit publisher of scientific research.
BioOne was established in 1999 in Washington, DC, as a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization by five scholarly collaborators: the American Institute of Biological Sciences, the Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition (SPARC), The University of Kansas, Greater Western Library Alliance, and Allen Press.
The main impetus for BioOne's creation was the common desire amongst key scholarly stakeholders for an alternative to commercial scholarly publishing.
Half of the subscription fee revenue from BioOne Complete is divided between participating publishers.
See also
List of academic databases and search engines
References
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Academic publishing companies
Bibliographic database providers
Organizations established in 2000
Full-text scholarly online databases
Ecological databases
English-language journals
Sangil-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
History
Sangil-dong literally means 'Upper Part' and located geographically higher than Hail-dong(Currently Gangil-dong) where the stream of Genae flows. In 1963, Sangil-dong became a part of Seoul. Until the early 1980s, huge apartments complex named Godeok Jugong Apartments were built by Korea National Housing Corporation (currently Korea Land & Housing Corporation). Sangil-dong Station is the eastern terminus of Seoul Subway Line 5 and also location for Hanyoung Foreign Language High School. Nayeon from Twice was born in Sangil-dong.
Area information
The current postal code of Sangil-dong is 134-090. 134 is for Gangdong-gu and 090 is for Sangil-dong.
Offices and Buildings
Samsung Engineering has built new headquarters here. Construction began in September 2009. The complex is composed of three buildings and spans an area of more than 27,000 square meters, making it the fifth-biggest corporate estate in the Seoul area.
See also
Administrative divisions of Gangdong-gu
Administrative divisions of Seoul
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map at the Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map
The Sangil dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Gangdong District
Doğankaya, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
"Say Hello to Goodbye" is the third single taken from Barbadian singer Shontelle's second album No Gravity (2010). It was sent to mainstream radio in the United States on March 15, 2011. The music video premiered on VEVO on May 20, 2011. The song was written by Martin Hansen, Shontelle Layne and Hanne Sorvaag.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Say Hello to Goodbye" was first released onto YouTube on May 20, 2011 at a total length of three minutes and fifty-five seconds.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Lead vocals – Shontelle
Producers – Martin Hansen
Lyrics – Martin Hansen, Shontelle Layne, Hanne Sorvaag
Label: SRC Records
Chart performance
References
2011 singles
Shontelle songs
2010 songs
Songs written by Hanne Sørvaag
Songs written by Shontelle
SRC Records singles
The 2017 Brickyard 400 (branded as the Brantley Gilbert Big Machine Brickyard 400 for sponsorship reasons) is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held on July 23, 2017 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana. It is the 24th running of the Brickyard 400, Contested over 167 laps extended from 160 laps due to an overtime finish, on the speedway, it was the 20th race of the 2017 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series season. This was Kasey Kahne's final win in NASCAR.
This marked the first Brickyard 400 without 5-time Brickyard 400 winner Jeff Gordon on the starting grid, and also the first not to feature 2-time Brickyard 400 winner Tony Stewart since the 1998 edition.
Also this marks the final Brickyard 400 for Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Report
Background
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway, located in Speedway, Indiana, (an enclave suburb of Indianapolis) in the United States, is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400. It is located on the corner of 16th Street and Georgetown Road, approximately west of Downtown Indianapolis.
Constructed in 1909, it is the original speedway, the first racing facility so named. It has a permanent seating capacity estimated at 235,000 with infield seating raising capacity to an approximate 400,000. It is the highest-capacity sports venue in the world.
Considered relatively flat by American standards, the track is a , nearly rectangular oval with dimensions that have remained essentially unchanged since its inception: four turns, two straightaways between the fourth and first turns and the second and third turns, and two short straightaways – termed "short chutes" – between the first and second, and third and fourth turns.
Entry list
Practice
First practice
Denny Hamlin was the fastest in the first practice session with a time of 48.022 seconds and a speed of .
Final practice
Erik Jones was the fastest in the final practice session with a time of 48.425 seconds and a speed of .
Qualifying
Kyle Busch scored the pole for the race with a time of 48.051 and a speed of .
Qualifying results
Race
First stage
Kyle Busch led the field to the green flag at 2:46 p.m. The first caution of the race flew when Corey LaJoie spun out and hit the wall in Turn 3. Minutes later, the race was red-flagged due to lightning in the area, as well as a downpour, that lasted 1 hour, 47 minutes and three seconds.
The race restarted on lap 18, The second caution flew on lap 31 for a scheduled competition caution. During that 13-lap run, Chase Elliott retired from the race with a failed engine.
The race restarted on lap 35, it went green the remainder of the first stage, ending on lap 51, which was won by Busch. The third caution of the race flew to conclude stage one.
Second stage
The race restarted on lap 56, Caution flew two laps later for a three-car wreck in Turn 1. It started when J. J. Yeley spun exiting Turn 1. David Ragan spun exiting Turn 1, veered down the track and slammed the inside wall. Jeffrey Earnhardt was also collected.
The race restarted on lap 64, only for debris from Yeley's car to bring out the fifth caution of the race, on lap 72. Erik Jones took the lead when Busch committed to pit road.
The race restarted on lap 76, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Trevor Bayne made contact, and Earnhardt's car suffered radiator damage that resulted in the sixth caution of the race one lap later.
The race restarted on lap 80, Ryan Blaney took the lead from Jones going into Turn 1. Busch retook the lead on Lap 87 and won the second stage. That would bring out the seventh caution to conclude the stage. Martin Truex Jr. exited pit road with the race lead.
Final stage
The final stage began under green on lap 106. Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Jimmie Johnson made contact exiting Turn 2 two laps later, sending Stenhouse down the track and into the inside wall, therefore bringing out an eighth caution.
The race restarted under green on lap 111, Truex got loose going into Turn 1, got into the left-rear corner of Busch, sending them spinning into the wall, therefore bringing out the ninth caution of the race. Truex got swept around by side force and slammed the wall, and their car caught fire. Both cars were out of the race, denying Kyle Busch's shot at a third consecutive victory at the Brickyard 400. This incident handed the race lead to Matt Kenseth.
The race restarted under green with 40 laps to go. Drivers started hitting pit road to make their final stop of the race with 31 to go. Kenseth pitted from the lead with 28 to go and Jones pitted the next lap, handing the lead to Brad Keselowski.
In the closing laps, the first three cars, Keselowski, Johnson and Kasey Kahne, chose to gamble on fuel, but probably couldn't make it to the finish on fuel if there were no more cautions. Fourth place Trevor Bayne was the highest placed car with enough fuel to make it to the end. This all went out the window with 11 to go when Clint Bowyer got loose and spun down the track, with help from Jones, slammed the inside wall and ricocheted back onto the racing surface into the path of Kurt Busch, who t-boned him, slammed the wall and came to a halt down the track, the tenth caution of the race flew for a multi-car wreck, Kahne pitted from third just as the wreck happened, which proved crucial for them as they inherited the lead. The race was red-flagged for the second time to ensue cleanup on the track, It was lifted after 20 minutes and 20 seconds.
Kahne held off Keselowski's charge into Turn 1 on the restart when the race went back to green with seven laps to go. When the field came back down the front stretch, Kyle Larson slammed the outside wall, bringing out the 11th caution.
The race restarted with two laps to go, Kahne and Keselowski raced side-by-side from the start/finish line through Turn 3. Heading down the backstretch, Johnson, with smoke billowing from their left-rear tire, got to the inside of the two to battle for the lead going into Turn 3, setting up the 12th caution of the race; rounding the turn, Johnson spun out and hit the outside wall, sending the race into overtime.
Overtime
First attempt
On the first attempt, the field didn't make it to the start/finish line before all the pushing and shoving caused a multi-car wreck, bringing out the 13th caution. Keselowski was ahead of Kahne when the caution flew and assumed the lead, The red flag was displayed for the third time to again ensue cleanup of the track, The red flag was lifted after 24 minutes and 16 seconds.
Second attempt
At 8:53 PM, the second attempt at finishing the race began. Kahne got the advantage, jumped past Keselowski going into Turn 1 and set sail. Exiting Turn 2, Denny Hamlin suffered a left-rear tire failure and spun towards the outside wall, getting clipped by Paul Menard in the process. The caution was not called at the time. Despite this wreck happening well before Kahne, the race leader, reached the pre-determined mark on the backstretch that designated an official restart under NASCAR's green-white-checker finish rule that allowed NASCAR to end the race under caution, officials waited until they passed the line, then threw the caution to end the race. This ended the race and secured victory for Kahne.
Controversy came as a result of this finish, primarily over darkness issues. Because of the rain delay early in the race, and numerous cautions in the final stage, including two red flags, it was 8:54 PM, with official sunset at 9:05 PM. The track does not have lights. Some drivers asked if safety vehicles could turn on their headlights before the final restart (which was denied). Furthermore, after the incident, NASCAR found oil as a result of the incident, and questions arose if the track could have been cleaned up in time or the race would have been stopped for darkness with less than ten minutes of daylight available; at the November 2015 Martinsville race, the checkered flag waved at 5:23 PM, less than a minute before sunset.
NASCAR subsequently made a rule change eliminating the overtime line, and reverting to the 2010-15 green-white-checker rule with one change, eliminating the maximum number of attempts.
Race results
Stage results
Stage 1
Laps: 50
Stage 2
Laps: 50
Final stage results
Stage 3
Laps: 67
Race statistics
Lead changes: 7 among different drivers
Cautions/Laps: 14 for 55
Red flags: 3 for 2 hours, 31 minutes and 39 seconds
Time of race: 3 hours, 39 minutes and 0 seconds
Average speed:
Media
Television
NBC Sports covered the race on the television side. Rick Allen, Jeff Burton and Steve Letarte had the call in the booth for the race. Dave Burns, Parker Kligerman, Marty Snider and Kelli Stavast reported from pit lane during the race.
Radio
Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network and the Performance Racing Network jointly co-produced the radio broadcast for the race, which was simulcast on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio, and aired on IMS or PRN stations, depending on contractual obligations. The lead announcers and two pit reporters were PRN staff, while the turns and two pit reporters were from IMS.
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first 16 positions are included for the driver standings.
. – Driver has clinched a position in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series playoffs.
References
2017 Brickyard 400
2017 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series
2017 in sports in Indiana
July 2017 sports events in the United States
The Incomplete scripture of Manichaeism was discovered by British archaeologist Aurel Stein in Mogao Caves. The Tang Dynasty Manichean Dunhuang Manuscripts of Jingdong is one of the three Manichaeism Dunhuang Chinese Documents. They are now held in the collection of National Library of China, number BD00256.
Introduction
In 1911, Luo Zhenyu was not sure what Persian religion the scriptures belonged to, so they published the recorded text in the second volume of the "Guoxue Series" under the name "Persian Remnant Sutra". In the same year, French Sinologists Shawan and Perch and translated the Canvass into French and considered them as Manichaeism Canvass. The manuscript is in scrolls, with an incomplete head. It currently has 345 lines and approximately 7,000 characters. It is currently the only Chinese Manichean classic in China. Its writing is like a scripture, and the content uses a question and answer between the leader Mani and the apostle Mo Ada to explain the Manichaeism's doctrine of the coexistence of light and dark.
See also
Chinese Manichaean hymn scroll
Manichaean Compendium
References
External links
Manichaeism
Tang dynasty literature
Manichaean texts
Stevens Park may refer to:
Stevens Park Estates, Dallas, a neighborhood named for John P. Stevens in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas (USA)
Stevens Park Village, Dallas, a neighborhood named for John P. Stevens in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas (USA)
Stevens Park, Hoboken, a park in Hoboken, New Jersey (USA)
See also
Stevens (disambiguation)
Virginia L. Miller is a microbiologist known for their work on studying the factors leading to disease caused by bacteria. Miller is an elected fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology (2003) and a former Pew Charitable Trust Biomedical Scholar (1989).
Education and career
Miller has a B.A. from the University of California, Santa Barbara (1979). They earned their Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1985 where they worked on the expression of genes associated with Cholera toxin. Following their Ph.D., they were a postdoc at Stanford University. They moved to the University of California, Los Angeles in 1988 and earned tenure in 1994. They moved to Washington University in St. Louis in 1996, and then to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2008. As of 2021, Miller is a professor of genetics, microbiology, and immunology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Research
Miller is known for their research into bacterial pathogenesis, the factors leading to the onset of disease from specific species of bacteria. Them early research examined the synthesis of the cholera toxin by Vibrio cholerae and identified environmental signals that lead V. cholerae to express the proteins needed to make the cholera toxin. They went on to examine the mechanisms by which another bacteria pathogen - Yersinia pestis - enters cells and cause disease. They have also worked on how Salmonella and Klebsiella pneumoniae cause disease.In brief, they mostly worked in the areas of Microbiology (69.74%), Yersinia enterocolitica (51.32%) and Virulence (48.03%).
Awards and honors
In 1989, Miller was named a Pew Scholar. In 2003, Miller was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology.
Selected publications
References
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Harvard University alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
Women microbiologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American microbiologists
American women biologists
20th-century American biologists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American biologists
21st-century American women scientists
Aegialeus () was the fifth strategos (elected general) of the Achaean League in Ancient Greece who served for only a year, 242–241 BC.
Ancient Greek generals
3rd-century BC births
3rd-century BC deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Achaean League
Peckoltia furcata is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae. It is native to South America, where it occurs in the Ucayali River basin in Peru. The species reaches 9.2 cm (3.6 inches) SL. While not common in the trade, it is sometimes kept in aquaria, although it has no associated L-number or widely used common name.
References
Fish described in 1940
Ancistrini
Nimbougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 238 square kilometers and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 9,992. The village of Nimbougou, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 43 km northeast of Kadiolo and 8 km from the border with Burkina Faso The primary language is Senufo, specifically Suppire.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The House at 965 Castlegate Court is a historic house located at 965 Castlegate Court in the Deerpath Hill Estates development in Lake Forest, Illinois. Developer Henry K. Turnbull, who planned the original section of Deerpath Hill Estates, built the house in 1930. The house is located at the northern entrance to the First Addition to Deerpath Hill Estates; it is technically outside of the development, and was marketed as being in the "Deerpath Hill Estates district". It is the only house Turnbull built outside of the original three sections of Deerpath Hill Estates; its location served to draw potential buyers into the estate from Waukegan Road. The house has a Colonial Revival design in keeping with the revivalist styles used in the development; its design features two stone-faced gables and a developed cornice.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 12, 2006.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Colonial Revival architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1930
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Houses in Lake County, Illinois
Stephan Wittwer (born 1 March 1953 in Zurich) is a Swiss experimental musician, improvisor and composer. Earlier, their main instruments were electric and classical guitar, amplifier and recording studio, but at present, their instrument is computer.
Biography
As a child, Wittwer took piano lessons and learned guitar by self study. They started to play with the musicians of free jazz such as John Tchicai and Irène Schweizer, when they were a teenager. As a teenager, they worked also with Anton Bruhin, Hans Reichel, Paul Lovens and in a duet with Radu Malfatti. Much later, they started studying classical guitar.
They were a member of Rüdiger Carl's quintet, Werner Lüdi's Sunnymoon and Red twist & Tuned Arrow. In duets, trios and projects, they played with Han Bennink, Donald Miller (Borbetomagus), Steve Lacy, Voice Crack, Pierre Favre, Dietmar Diesner, Alfred Harth, Paul Lytton, Butch Morris, Jim O'Rourke, Christian Marclay, John Zorn, Alex Buess (16–17), Peter Brötzmann, William Parker, SLUDGE 3000, Steamboat Switzerland and many others. Their work streams (GROB, Köln 2001) achieved an honorary mention in the field of digital music of Ars Electronica. They write occasionally film music mostly for Peter Fischli & David Weiss.
References
Swiss film score composers
Swiss guitarists
1953 births
Living people
Intakt Records artists
Zerenda District () is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Zerenda. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Nobel: The Enigmatic Alfred, Their World and Their Prize () is a biographical book by Swedish journalist Ingrid Carlberg. It is their seventh book. It was shortlisted for the August Prize for Non-Fiction in 2019.
References
Swedish non-fiction books
Swedish-language novels
Swedish non-fiction literature
August Prize-winning works
Norstedts förlag books
Alfred Nobel
Förster or Foerster is a German surname meaning "forester". (It has often been Anglicised as Forster). Notable people of this name include:
Förster
Arnold Förster (1810–1884), a German entomologist
August Förster (physician) (1822–1865), a German anatomist and pathologist
Bernd Förster (born 1956), a German footballer (brother of Karlheinz)
Christoph Förster (1693–1745), a German composer
Eckart Förster, a professor of philosophy at Johns Hopkins University
Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche (1846–1935), the sister of Friedrich Nietzsche
Emmanuel Aloys Förster (1748–1823), a musician and teacher in Vienna
Ernst Joachim Förster (1800–1885), a German art critic
Franz Förster (1819–1878), a German jurist
Friedrich August Förster (1829–1897), a German piano maker and entrepreneur, August Förster (de)
Friedrich Christoph Förster (1791–1868), a German historian and poet
Friedrich Förster (1908–1999), a German spec. NDT, Фёрстер, Фридрих (ru)
Heiko Mathias Förster (born 1966), German conductor
Heinrich Förster (bishop) (1800–1881), a German Roman Catholic bishop
Helmuth Förster (1889–1965), a Luftwaffe general during World War II
Karl Förster (1784–1841), a German poet and translator
Karlheinz Förster (born 1958), a German football player (brother of Bernd)
Kerstin Förster (born 1965), a German rower (wife of Olaf)
Ludwig Förster (1797–1863), an architect
Olaf Förster (born 1962), a German rower (husband of Kerstin)
Theodor Förster (1910–1974), a physicist and chemist, discoverer of Förster resonance energy transfer
Foerster
Heinz von Foerster (1911–2002), an Austro-American founder of cybernetics
Josef Bohuslav Foerster (1859–1951), a Czech composer of classical music
Otfrid Foerster (1873–1941), a German neurologist
Wendelin Förster (or Foerster) (1844–1915), German philologist and Arthurian scholar
Wilhelm Julius Förster (or Foerster) (1832–1921), a German astronomer
See also
Forester (disambiguation)
Forrester (surname)
Forster (surname)
Foster (disambiguation)
Fosters (disambiguation)
Vorster
German-language surnames
Cape Roquemaurel () is a prominent rocky Antarctic headland at the east side of the entrance to Bone Bay, on the north side of Trinity Peninsula. Discovered by a French expedition, 1837–40, under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville, and named by them for Lieutenant Gaston de Roquemaurel, second-in-command of the expedition ship Astrolabe.
Headlands of Trinity Peninsula
Glenn James Scott (born 19 September 1991) is an Australian motorcycle racer.
Career
In 2007 they won the Australian 125 GP Championship; in the same year they competed in the 125cc Australian Grand Prix as a replacement for the ill Stefano Bianco. After finishing 17th in the 2009 Spanish 125cc Championship they competed in Australian Supersport and Superbike championships. In 2015 they were signed to race in the Supersport World Championship for AARK Racing aboard a Honda CBR600RR. For 2016 they moved to the Lorini team; a leg injury sustained in the third round of the season prevented them from starting any race in the championship for the rest of the year. In 2017 they raced a Kawasaki ZX-10R for Agro On–Benjan–Kawasaki in the European Superstock 1000 Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Australian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Ride the Ducks was a national duck tour operator and eponymous tourist attraction in some parts of the United States. It made use of amphibious vehicles, nicknamed "ducks", to provide tours of cities by boat and by land.
Ride the Ducks was purchased by Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation in 2004. Herschend sold a majority interest in the company to an independent investor in 2012. The Branson operation was sold to Ripley Entertainment in December 2017. In 2019 Ripley announced that Ride The Ducks in Branson would be permanently closed and replaced with another attraction due to the July 2018 accident on Table Rock Lake where 17 people drowned.
Operations
The company used custom built amphibious vehicles based on the DUKW amphibious vehicle design from World War II known as "truck ducks", while some used an original DUKW chassis extended to fit them, known as "stretch ducks". The company also used original DUKWs extended to hold more people, and as such are also "stretch ducks". All incorporated advances in marine design and safety. Drivers were certified by the Coast Guard and hold commercial drivers' licenses, and all vehicles were equipped with personal flotation devices. The company has also manufactured vehicles for other duck tour operators.
Locations
Ride the Ducks also formerly operated in a number of additional locations across the United States:
Branson, Missouri
Baltimore, Maryland
Newport, Kentucky
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
San Francisco, California
Seattle, Washington
Incidents
The duck boats operated by Ride the Ducks have been involved in a number of incidents.
July 2010 accident
In July 2010, a Ride the Ducks vehicle stalled on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was struck by a barge being pushed by a tugboat, sinking the duck boat and killing two of the passengers, who were Hungarian tourists. The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause of the accident was the tugboat operator's inattention to their duties. The tugboat operator served a one-year sentence for “the maritime equivalent of involuntary manslaughter.” Six years after the accident, Ride The Ducks ceased operations in Philadelphia.
Sept 2015 accident
On September 24, 2015, a Ride the Ducks vehicle operated by an independent firm Ride the Ducks of Seattle broke an axle, crossed the center lane and crashed into a charter bus, killing five people on Seattle's Aurora Bridge. The vehicle had been purchased from the Missouri-based manufacturer, and had not undergone a recommended repair to the front axle. The Missouri firm paid a fine of US$1 million. In 2019, a jury in King County found Ride the Ducks International liable for 67% of a $123,000,000 judgment stemming from the accident on the Aurora Bridge.
July 2018 accident
On July 19, 2018, a Ride the Ducks vehicle capsized and sank while in Table Rock Lake near Branson, Missouri, during high winds from nearby thunderstorms. 31 individuals were on board, and 17 fatalities were confirmed. The day following the accident, Ride the Ducks announced that the Branson operation would be "closed for business" pending an investigation and out of respect for the victims' families. The boat involved was an original from World War II having been built in 1944. In March 2019, Ride The Ducks announced they would be permanently shut down due to the investigation and overwhelming legal issues after the incident.
A replacement attraction, Top Ops, opened in June 2019 at the same location.
References
Tourist attractions in Stone County, Missouri
Transportation in Stone County, Missouri
Transport companies established in 1977
1977 establishments in Missouri
The Accruva Formation is one of multiple geologic units found on Venus. Abbreviated psh, it is also known as shield plains due to the shield like structures formed in its region. It is characterized by its abundant clusters of small shield dome structures located throughout the unit and lack of pervasive tectonic deformation. The domes that characterize the unit are likely volcanic edifices, the result of multiple small volcanic eruptions over an extended period of time. It formed during the second half of the Guineverian Period, in which vast plains formed globally on Venus. It is one of 14 formations identified by Mikhail A. Ivanov and James W. Head.
Description
The Accruva Formation is also known as shield plains because of the shield shaped structures that form in close proximity to each other. The surface of this area is notably different from the other 14 formations mapped on Venus due to the clusters of shield plains, the morphologically smooth transition from the shields to the plains in between the shield plains, and the low amount of deformation within this region, only observably containing a few wrinkle ridges. The shield structures themselves can range from a few kilometers to greater than 10 kilometers in diameter. The formation region tends to occur as equidimensional patches several tens to hundreds of kilometers across. The relief of the formation is hilly due to the clusters of shield domes. The hypsogram of the Accruva Formation almost perfectly matches the overall hypsogram of Venus, which indicates that this formation represents the general topographic level of Venus.
Formation
The shield structures are believed to be of volcanic origin. These shields typically found in close proximity with each other and will form groups of structures. The transition between the shields and the plains in between the shields is morphologically smooth and sometimes contains wrinkle ridges. This is the first unit that display no pervasive deformation. Along with the volcanic shields, slight deformation is present evidenced by wrinkle ridges and a few fractures and grabens.
Likely the shields form in multiple stages over time, rather than from a single event. Single eruption events would more likely cause very large shield volcanoes, instead of the clusters of small, approximately 10 km diameter, shield domes found within the Accruva Formation.
They frequently form in clusters of 100 km in diameter. This indicates that this eruption pattern of small individual eruptions was widespread and continued for an extended period of time.
Classification
The Accruva Formation was classified using the dual stratigraphic classification system. This system defines and maps rock units based on the description of the observable characteristics at the surface due to lacking other information. This is the common method used for classifying formations on other planets where we lack the necessary information to classify as we do on earth, which is classifying by its position within geologic time.
Location
The Accruva Formation covers about 79.3x106 km2 or 17.4% of the area mapped on Venus. Type locations include 29.4°N, 131.0°E; 11.9°S, 335.8°E.
References
Geology of Venus
Kuppivala () is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, written by Moidu Padiyath directed by S. S. Rajan and produced by N. Krishnan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sukumari, Ambika and Bahadoor. It was released on 7 May 1965.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Majeed
Sukumari as Pachumma
Ambika as Khadeeja
Bahadoor as Porker/Chellathodu
Kottayam Chellappan as Beeran Sahib
Nilambur Ayisha as Pathiri Amina
Johnson as Muhammedali
Muthukulam Raghavan Pilla as Kittumman
Haji Abdul Rahman as Maulavi
S. Malathi as Vijayamma
Kutty Padmini as Tharabi
Soundtrack
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The 2009 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at Manzanillo was held October 2 through October 4, 2009, in Manzanillo, Mexico. It was the sixth leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009. The tournament was dedicated to the memory of Alejandro Salinas de la Garza, the late president of the Mexican National Volleyball Federation.
Women's competition
Men's competition
Results on October 4, 2009
References
External links
NORCECA
BV Info
See also
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009
Manzanillo
Norceca Beach Volleyball Circuit (Manzanillo), 2009
Meschugge (English title: The Giraffe) is a 1998 German thriller film directed by Dani Levy and set during World War II. The German title roughly translates as "crazy". The English title refers to the nickname of a character who was once in charge of the Treblinka extermination camp. The film features mainly English dialogue, though it features German dialogue as well.
Cast
Maria Schrader as Lena Katz
Lukas Ammann as Eliah Goldberg
Lynn Cohen as Mrs. Fish
Dani Levy as David Fish
David Strathairn as Charles Kaminski
Nicole Heesters as Lena's mother
Reception
Variety gave a mixed review, calling the film "slickly shot" though criticising the plot and dialogue as "ordinary". The New York Times was much more critical, stating the English dialogue seemed like "badly translated German" and the plots "breathless incoherence [was] matched only by its wild implausibility."
References
External links
1998 films
German thriller films
1990s German-language films
1990s English-language films
English-language German films
Films set in the United States
Films directed by Dani Levy
1990s thriller films
1998 multilingual films
German multilingual films
1990s German films
The theme of the myth of Icarus and Daedalus from Greek mythology frequently appears in contemporary popular music, which can be interpreted philosophically. The following is a list of songs that refer to Icarus, alphabetized by artist.
References
Lists of songs
Classical mythology in music
Marie-Eugène-Melchior, vicomte de Vogüé (25 February 1848 – 29 March 1910) was a French diplomat, Orientalist, travel writer, archaeologist, philanthropist and literary critic.
Biography
Born in Nice, France, they served in the Franco-Prussian War, and at the conclusion of the war entered the diplomatic service of the Third Republic, being appointed successively attaché to the legations in the Ottoman Empire and Egypt, then secretary to the embassy in Saint Petersburg. They resigned in 1882, and from 1893 to 1898 served as representative of Ardèche to the French National Assembly.
Their connection with the Revue des deux mondes began in 1873 with their Voyage en Syrie et en Palestine, and subsequently they were a frequent contributor. They did much to awaken French interest in the intellectual life of other countries, especially of Russia, their sympathy with which was strengthened by their marriage in 1878 with a Russian lady, the sister of General Michael Nicolaivitch Annenkoff; De Vogüé was practically the first to draw French attention to Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Many consider de Vogüé's essay to be the first major examination of the novelist's work.
Eugène-Melchior was also a brother-in-law of Karl de Struve, Russian Ambassador to Japan, the United States, and the Netherlands.
They became a member of the Académie française in 1888. Their uncle, Melchior de Vogüé, also served in the academy concurrently for a few years.
In 1897, they wrote a short series of books concerning the War of the Spanish Succession.
Part of their personal correspondence detailing their expedition to Cyprus, has been published.
Works
(1876). Syrie, Palestine, Mont Athos (1887 edition).
(1877). Vangheli.
(1879). Boulacq et Saqquarah.
(1879). Chez les Pharaons.
(1879). Histoires Orientales.
(1883). Les Portraits du Siècle.
(1884). Le Fils de Pierre le Grand.
(1884). Mazeppa.
(1884). Un Changement de Règne.
(1885). Histoires d'Hiver.
(1886). Le Roman Russe.
(1887). Souvenirs et Visions.
(1888). Le Portrait du Louvre.
(1889). Remarques sur l'Exposition du Centenaire.
(1890). Le Manteau de Joseph Olenine.
(1891). Spectacles Contemporains.
(1892). Regards Historiques et Littéraires.
(1892). Heures d'Histoire.
(1893). Cœurs Russes.
(1893). Notes sur le Bas-Vivarais.
(1896). Devant le Siècle.
(1897). Jean d'Agrève.
(1898). Histoire et Poésie.
(1899). Les Morts qui Parlent (Scènes de la Vie Parlementaire).
(1900). Le Rappel des Ombres.
(1902). Pages d'Histoire.
(1903). Le Maître de la Mer.
(1904). Sous l'Horizon: Hommes et Choses d'Hier.
(1905). Maxime Gorki.
(1910). Les Routes.
Selected articles
(1862). "Fouilles de Chypre et de Syrie. Extrait d'une lettre de M. Melchior de Vogùé à M. Renan," Revue Archéologique, Vol. 6. pp. 244-252.
(1894). "Un Regard en Arrière — Les Terroristes Russes," Revue des Deux Mondes, Vol. 122.
(1894). "Le Dernier Livre de Taine," Revue des Deux Mondes, Vol. 122.
(1894). "À Propos d'un Débat Religieux," Revue des Deux Mondes, Vol. 123.
(1894). "La Civilisation et les Grands Fleuves Historiques," Revue des Deux Mondes, Vol. 125.
(1895). "Jean-Jacques Rousseau et le Cosmopolitisme Littéraire," Revue des Deux Mondes, Vol. 130.
Posthumous
(1911). Sous les Lauriers; Éloges Académiques.
(1932). Journal du Vicomte Eugène-Melchior de Vogüé: Paris, Saint-Pétersbourg 1877-1883.
Translated into English
(1889). "Social Life in Russia," The Harper's Monthly.
(1887). The Russian Novelists.
(1916). The Russian Novel.
(1890). "Through the Caucasus," The Harper's Monthly.
(1891). The Tsar and their People: or, Social Life in Russia.
"Social Life in Russia," pp. 1–98.
"Through the Caucasus," pp. 101–147.
(1892). "The Neo-Christian Movement in France," The Harper's Monthly.
(1895). Russian Portraits.
(1897). "Leo XIII," The Forum.
(1904). The Master of the Sea.
References
Further reading
Blaze de Bury, Yetta (1898). "Eugène-Melchior de Vogüé." In: French Literature of Today. Boston and New York: Houghton, Mifflin & Company, pp. 133–155.
Rod, Édouard (1892). "Le Vicomte E.M. de Vogüé." In: Les Idées Morales du Temps Présent. Paris: Perrin, pp. 263–289.
Seillière, Ernest (1938). "Eugène Melchior de Vogüe et les Problèmes Sociaux du Temps Présent." In: Le Naturalisme de Montaigne et Autres Essais. Paris: Éditions de la Nouvelle Revue Critique, pp. 135–182.
External links
Works by Eugène-Melchior de Vogüé, at Hathi Trust
Academie Francaise Biography
"Dostoyevsky and the Religion of Suffering", from Le Roman Russe.
1848 births
1910 deaths
People from Nice
Melchior de Vogue
Melchior de Vogue
French archaeologists
19th-century French diplomats
19th-century French journalists
French literary critics
French philanthropists
Politicians of the French Third Republic
French travel writers
Viscounts of France
Members of the Académie Française
Corresponding members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
French orientalists
Annenkov family
Fyodor Dostoyevsky scholars
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
French male essayists
French male novelists
Members of the Ligue de la patrie française
Katawan is a 1999 Philippine thriller drama film directed by Abbo dela Cruz. The film stars Christopher de Leon and Rosanna Roces, who co-wrote the story. This is the last film produced by Neo Films before being absorbed into its parent company Viva Films.
Cast
Christopher de Leon as Carlo
Rosanna Roces as Carmen
Bobby Andrews as Andres
Leandro Baldemor as David
Dindi Gallardo as Jackie
Daniella as Delia
Alicia Lane as Lagring
Alicia Alonzo as Hermana Tuding
Tony Mabesa as Don Villaverde
Lora Luna as Donya Francesca
Ama Quiambao as Inang Chayong
Dante Castro as Contractor
Jessel Jimenez as Delia's Lover
Archie Ventosa as Dr. Froi
Abbo dela Cruz as Clerk
Jun Cudia as Gasoline Boy
References
External links
1999 films
1999 thriller films
Filipino-language films
Philippine thriller drama films
Neo Films films
Dualtone Records is an American record label specializing in folk, Americana, and indie rock. It was founded in 2001 by Scott Robinson and Dan Herrington. The company is run by Robinson and the label's president, Paul Roper. Albums are distributed by the Alternative Distribution Alliance. On January 20, 2016, Entertainment One acquired Dualtone Records. Later, Dualtone's parent company eOne Music was acquired by The Blackstone Group in June 2021, with eOne Music rebranded as MNRK Music Group in September 2021.
History
Dualtone has been nominated for sixteen Grammy Awards, winning four. The label celebrated its 20th year in 2021.
First year in business brought a number 2 hit at country radio for David Ball's "Riding with Private Malone". The album Amigo went on to sell over 350,000 copies.
June Carter Cash's posthumous album Wildwood Flower was released in 2003. Including some of the final duets between them and husband Johnny Cash, the album went on to win two GRAMMY awards.
Brett Dennen's breakout album So Much More was released in 2006. "Ain't No Reason" from that album is now over 500,000 in all in sales. The label also released Dennen's second album Hope for the Hopeless in 2008 and Loverboy in 2011.
The Lumineers' self-titled debut album was released in April 2012 and was certified platinum in the US on February 20, 2013. The album is now over 3 million all in sales.
In 2014, Guy Clark's My Favorite Picture of You won the Grammy Award for Best Folk Album at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards.
Shakey Graves And the War Came also was released in 2014. Shakey went on to win Best Emerging Artist at the 2015 Americana Awards. And the War Came is approaching 200,000 sold with breakout single Dearly Departed over 400,000.
The Lumineers' second album Cleopatra was the first album of 2016 from an independent label to debut at No. 1 with over 120,000 albums sold. The album is now over 1.5 million.
In October 2016 on Chuck Berry's 90th birthday, Dualtone announced an album of new material coming in 2017. Berry's 20th and final studio album, Chuck, was released posthumously on June 9, 2017. In September 2017, Dualtone (via eOne and Ole) became the official US song publisher for Berry's catalogue.
Mt. Joy was signed in 2017 and released their breakthrough single "Silver Lining" in November which went on to go to number 1 at AAA. The band's self titled album is over 160 million streams in the US. Recently the label has added Amos Lee, Angie McMahon, Hayes Carll, Gregory Alan Isakov, Kathleen Edwards and The Lone Bellow to the roster. Angie McMahon won the coveted Grulke prize at SXSW in 2019 and their breakout single "Slow Mover" was certified Gold in Australia. Gregory Alan Isakov's album Evening Machines landed at number 1 on the Billboard Americana/Folk chart on release and went on to be nominated for a GRAMMY for Best Folk Album.
The Lumineers' third album III was released September 13, 2019 and debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Independent Chart.
Current roster
Amos Lee
Angie McMahon
The Dip
Gregory Alan Isakov
Hayes Carll
Guy Clark
Kathleen Edwards
Langhorne Slim
The Lone Bellow
The Lumineers
Mt. Joy
Robert Earl Keen
Shakey Graves
Shovels & Rope
Wild Child
The Wild Reeds
References
External links
American country music record labels
American independent record labels
MNRK Music Group
Record labels established in 2001
Good Guys or The Good Guys may refer to:
Good guy, a hero
Good guy, a nice guy
Books
Good Guys (Brust novel), a 2018 novel by Steven Brust
The Good Guy, a 2007 thriller novel by Dean Koontz
The Good Guys (comics), a comic book series that was published from 1993 to 1994
The Good Guys, a novel by Salvatore Bonanno, Joseph Pistone and David Fisher
Film and television
Good Guys, a brand of murderous dolls from the Child's Play horror film franchise
Operation Good Guys, a British mockumentary
The Good Guy (film), a 2009 romantic-comedy film
The Good Guys (1968 TV series), an American sitcom that ran on CBS from 1968 to 1970
The Good Guys (British TV series), a British comedy-drama featuring David Langton that ran from 1992 to 1993
The Good Guys (2010 TV series), an American buddy-cop comedy-drama on Fox that debuted and ended in 2010
Music
"Good Guy", a 2018 song by Eminem
Good Guys (album), a 2012 album by Bucky Covington
"Good Guys", a 2015 song by Mika released as a promotional single
The Good Guys, a slogan used for disc jockeys on American top-40 radio stations in the 1960s
WMCA (AM) (New York City)
WTOB (Winston-Salem, North Carolina)
WKSN (Jamestown, New York)
Business
Good Guys (American company), a former chain of consumer electronics retail stores in the United States
The Good Guys (Australian company), a chain of consumer electronics retail stores in Australia and New Zealand
Typhoon Alex, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Etang, affected the Taiwan, China, and South Korea during July 1987. Typhoon Alex developed from the monsoon trough that spawned a tropical disturbance late on July 21 southwest of Guam which organized into a tropical depression shortly thereafter. The system steadily became better organized, and the next day, a tropical depression had developed. Satellite intensity estimates gradually increased, and on July 23, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Alex. After initially tracking west-northwest, Tropical Storm Alex started tracking northwest. An eye developed on July 24, and on the next day, Alex was classified as a typhoon, when Alex attained its peak intensity of 120 km/h (75 mph) and a minimum barometric pressure of 970 mbar (29 inHg). Alex weakened while tracking more northward, though interaction with Taiwan resulted in a more westward track starting on July 27. The storm struck near Shanghai as a tropical storm, and weakened over land, although it remained identifiable through August 2.
Across Taiwan, the storm inflicted minor damage and one person was killed. In the province of Zhejiang, Alex damaged or destroyed over 200 fishing boats, wiped out 22 bridges, snapped 32 power lines, and flooded four reservoirs. Damage there exceeded US$1.8 million. In Jiaxing, at least 121,405 ha (300,000 acres) of farmland were flooded. Nation-wide, 125 people were killed and roughly 200 were wounded. Close to 700 homes were demolished while roughly 200 fishing boats were damaged. Across South Korea, the storm dumped heavy rainfall, with daily totals of 300 mm (12 in) in some places, triggering flooding and landslides.
Meteorological history
Typhoon Alex developed in the western edge of the Western Pacific monsoon trough which stretched near the 10th parallel north from the Carolina Islands to the International Date Line. Late on July 21, satellite imagery first detected a tropical disturbance to the southwest of Guam, which prompted the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) to upgrade the system to a tropical depression. At 06:00 UTC on the next day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) began to follow the system as the disturbance had developed curved banding features. A rapid increase in both convection and organization followed, and at 18:00 UTC on July 22, satellite imagery showed the development of a central dense overcast, with Dvorak intensity estimates supporting an intensity of . At 19:30 UTC, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert despite satellite imagery only detecting a broad, ill-defined low-level circulation, with a minimum barometric pressure of . By 00:00 UTC on July 23, Dvorak intensity estimates reached T2.5/ and a ship to the north of the system reported winds of , which resulted in the JTWC declaring the system a tropical depression.
Initially, the depression was tracking west and was forecast by the JTWC to track across the Philippine Islands. This was in agreement with most tropical cyclone forecast models showing the storm track across the archipelago and the turning northward in the general direction of China, although the JTWC eventually shifted the track further north into the Luzon Straits. At 06:00 UTC on July 23, the JTWC upgraded the depression into Tropical Storm Alex, with the JMA doing the same six hours later. Late the next evening, the JMA upgraded Alex to a severe tropical storm as satellite images showed the center of the storm moving under the deep convection after previously being exposed to its northeast. Continuing to slowly intensify, Alex turned northwest. It developed an eye between 15:00 UTC and 18:00 UTC on July 24. The next morning the JTWC declared Alex a typhoon while also estimating that the storm attained its peak intensity of .
Upon becoming a typhoon, Alex was located east of the northern tip of Luzon. By this time, most forecast models showed a northward movement east of Taiwan due to a weakness in a subtropical ridge south of Japan and the presence of a surface front across the east coast of Asia. On the evening of July 25, the JMA classified Alex as a typhoon while also reporting that Alex obtained its peak intensity of and a minimum pressure of . Although satellite images continued to depict a warm spot, suggesting the presence of an eye, both the JMA and JTWC estimated that Alex fell below typhoon intensity on July 26; however, according to the JMA, Alex briefly re-intensified back to a typhoon that evening. Alex turned north in response to the asupervisorstioned front, passing east of Taipei. Interaction with the high terrain of Taiwan caused Alex to deflect west, striking Wenzhou as a weakening tropical storm on the evening of July 27. The storm rapidly dissipated over land according to the JTWC, although the JMA continued to track Alex as a minimal tropical storm when it moved back over open water in the Sea of Japan on the evening of July 28. Even though Alex failed to regenerate according to the JTWC, the JMA continued to track the system as a tropical depression through August 2.
Impact and aftermath
The typhoon first caused slight damage in Taiwan, becoming the second typhoon to affect the country in 1987. A 35-year-old man was crushed to death by a falling wall in Keelung due to strong winds. Air and train services were also disrupted.
Typhoon Alex lashed the Chinese province of Zhejiang for fourteen hours. The storm damaged or demolished more than 200 fishing boats, wiped out 22 bridges, snapped 32 power lines, and flooded four reservoirs. The cities of Wenzhou and Jiaxing were the hardest hit, with as much as of rain falling. Damage in the area exceeded US$1.8 million. In the former, 34 people were killed. In Jiaxing, a minimum of of farmland were flooded. Throughout the suburbs of Shanghai, north of where the storm moved ashore 32 individuals sustained injuries and 400 homes were damaged or destroyed. More than 100 pigs were killed there. One person was killed in a tornado spawned by the typhoon in Shanghai. Overall, 125 people were killed and roughly 200 were wounded. Approximately 700 homes were destroyed along with of crops. Around 200 fishing boats were damaged. Following the storm, local army troops and civilians assisted in rescue work in Zhejiang.
Under the anticipation that Alex would directly strike South Korea, typhoon warnings were posted for the coastline. After forecasts shifted west, the warning was lowered to a high wind warning. Affecting a country inundated by a series of systems that started with Typhoon Thelma,
the storm deluged the country with up to of rainfall in a single day. This resulted in serious flooding, landslides, and loss of life.
See also
Typhoon Mamie (1985)
Typhoon Nelson (1985)
Notes
References
External links
Japan Meteorological Agency
Joint Typhoon Warning Center
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
Alex
The Church of Saint-Étienne, Lille () is a Roman Catholic church located on the rue de l'Hôpital Militaire in Lille, France. It has been classed as a monument historique since 1987 and is dedicated to Saint Stephen. It is one of the largest Jesuit churches in France.
History
First building
The first parish church of this name was on the north corner of the city's Grand'Place (as shown by the names of the streets in that area - rue Saint-Étienne, rue des débris Saint-Étienne, rue du curé Saint-Étienne) and mainly dated to the 14th and 15th centuries. It was richly endowed by the Hangouart family, whose main members served the dukes of Burgundy. It was a Dutch-style hall church with two aisles and a nave, with many chapels along both sides of the nave. It was destroyed by fire in 1793 during the Austrian siege of the city, and replaced in 1796 by the present church.
Current building
The present parish church originated as a Jesuit chapel. The Jesuits set up a base in Lille in 1562 and they were put in charge of the municipal collège built in 1529 on the decision of the city magistrate. The Jesuits' chapel of the immaculate conception (now the parish church of Saint-Étienne) was built from 1605 to 1610, but then destroyed by fire on 8 October 1740. From 1743 onwards François-Joseph Gombert rebuilt it to plans by Dominique Delesalle and, though works were delayed in 1744 by the War of the Austrian Succession and in 1745 by the siege of Tournai, they were finally completed in 1748 and the new building consecrated by the bishop of Tournai in 1750. The Jesuits were expelled from France in 1765, on which the chapel became the chapel of the collège and of the military hospital which took over the collège from 1778.
Description
The church's stone façade is 29m high and its height is accentuated by the very straight rue de l'Hôpital militaire. Its style is resolutely classical and inspired by the Roman Baroque, with two superimposed orders (Ionic order at the bottom, Corinthian order at the top). A 57m high square bell tower topped with a campanile is to the left of the choir. The church's interior is 61m long, sobre, light and on a Latin cross plan. The nave has 7 bays, with side chapels all along the aisles, and the choir extends the nave and ends in a semi-circular apse. The choir and aisles are covered by an ogive vault and the nave by a barrel vault. The black and white marble flooring comes from the former chapel and the stained glass windows by Charles Gaudelet between 1854 and 1862.
The pulpit was carved by the sculptor François Rude between 1825 and 1828. It is made up of a tent topped by an angel and cherubs, with Faith and Hope supporting a vessel adorned with a bas-relief of St Stephen's martyrdom. The 1840 organ was built by the Daublaine Callinet house. It has been modified four times (by Cavaillé-Coll in 1899 then by Mutin in 1901) and now has 39 jeux, 3 keyboards and pedals.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
Bibliography
Alain Lottin, Lille, Citadelle de la Contre-Réforme ? 1598-1668.
References
External links
Official site of the mayor of Lille : église Saint-Étienne
Etienne
Saint-Etienne de Lille
Baroque buildings in France
The men's triple jump at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 3 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 15 athletes from 9 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(3)
References
Triple jump
Triple jump at the European Athletics Championships
József Bassa pen name: Miroslav (; 28 April 1894 – 25 January 1916) was a Slovene poet and Catholic priest.
Born in Beltinci, József Bassa was the brother of the writer Iván Bassa. Their parents were József Bassa and Anna Vucskó. They published their poems (spiritual and secular works) in the Prekmurje dialect in Marijin list. Miroslav addressed modern literary experiments.
Literature
, , 1997.
See also
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
20th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
1894 births
1916 deaths
People from Beltinci
20th-century Hungarian Roman Catholic priests
Thomas Frame (5 September 1902 – 17 January 1986) was a Scottish professional football centre half who made over 160 appearances in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath. They also played in the Football League for Manchester United and Southport.
Career statistics
Honours
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1902 births
1986 deaths
Scottish footballers
Burnbank Athletic F.C. players
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Rhyl F.C. players
Bridgnorth Town F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Footballers from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire
Babcock & Wilcox F.C. players
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Association football central defenders
American Gigolo is the soundtrack album to the 1980 film of the same name, starring Richard Gere and Lauren Hutton. The music was composed and performed by Italian musician Giorgio Moroder and was released worldwide on the Polydor label. It peaked at #7 on the Billboard 200 album chart. All the cuts from the soundtrack also went to number two for five weeks on the disco/dance charts.
Overview
"Call Me" by Blondie is the lead song for the soundtrack and was played during the film's intro. The song, which in the early stages was an instrumental demo titled "Man Machine," had originally been offered to Fleetwood Mac's Stevie Nicks, but Nicks declined and Blondie instead recorded the song with lyrics by lead vocalist Debbie Harry. The single, released on Blondie's label Chrysalis Records in February 1980, was a number one hit in the U.S., Canada and the U.K., and a top ten hit in most other parts of the world. It was No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard charts for six weeks and named Billboard's No. 1 song of 1980. The song is listed at No. 44 on Billboard's All Time Top 100. In 1981, the song was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. The band also recorded a Spanish-language version of "Call Me," entitled "Llamame," released both in the U.S. and South America. Giorgio Moroder's instrumental track "Night Drive," another variation on the "Man Machine"/"Call Me" theme, was also issued as a single in certain territories.
The song "Love and Passion" was written by director Paul Schrader and Moroder and was performed by Cheryl Barnes, and can be heard in the movie in the gay nightclub scene (filmed at Los Angeles gay club The Probe, which opened in 1978) where Gere's character Julian goes to find Leon, their pimp.
The Giorgio Moroder instrumental "The Seduction (Love Theme)" was also recorded by German bandleader James Last as a saxophone tune featuring David Sanborn (uncredited). This cover version peaked at number 28 in the Billboard Hot 100 in May 1980.
Not featured on the soundtrack but played in film is John Hiatt's “Take Off Your Uniform”, which was featured on their 1979 album Slug Line.
American Gigolo was one of two soundtrack albums to be written and produced by Moroder in 1980, the other being Foxes, which included Donna Summer's hit single "On the Radio" as well as tracks by Janis Ian and Cher.
In 1979, Moroder had won an Academy Award for Original Music Score for their soundtrack to Midnight Express. At the same ceremony, Donna Summer's "Last Dance", produced by Moroder from the soundtrack to Thank God It's Friday, won an Academy Award for best song (as well as a Golden Globe). Following the success of American Gigolo and Blondie's "Call Me" in 1980, Moroder went on to compose and produce for several more soundtracks throughout the 1980s. These included Cat People – including David Bowie's hit single "Cat People (Putting Out Fire)" (1982), Flashdance – including Irene Cara's "Flashdance... What a Feeling" (1983), Scarface – including Debbie Harry's "Rush Rush" (1983), Metropolis and Freddie Mercury's "Love Kills" (1984) and Top Gun including Berlin's "Take My Breath Away" (1986).
The American Gigolo soundtrack album has been re-issued on CD by both PolyGram and its successor company Universal Music.
Track listing
All tracks written by Giorgio Moroder except where noted.
Side A
"Call Me (Theme from American Gigolo)" (Giorgio Moroder, Deborah Harry) – 8:05
Performed by Blondie
"Love and Passion" (Giorgio Moroder, Paul Schrader) – 5:51
Vocals by Cheryl Barnes
"Night Drive" – 3:54Side B'''
"Hello Mr. W.A.M. (Finale)" – 4:36
Based on the second movement of the clarinet concerto K. 622 in A Major by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
"The Apartment" – 4:31
"Palm Springs Drive" – 3:25
"Night Drive (Reprise)" – 2:52
"The Seduction (Love Theme)" – 3:13
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Personnel
Giorgio Moroder – producer
Harold Faltermeyer – arranger, keyboards
Keith Forsey – drums, percussion
Blondie – performance of "Call Me"
Cheryl Barnes – vocals
Mixed and mastered at Allen Zentz Recording.
References
Albums produced by Giorgio Moroder
1980 soundtrack albums
Polydor Records soundtracks
Drama film soundtracks
Crime film soundtracks
is a Japanese motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1984 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Puglia is the Italian name for Apulia, a historical and administrative region of Southern Italy.
Puglia may also refer to:
People
Giuseppe Puglia (1600–1636), an Italian painter
Nareshkumar Chunnalal Puglia (born 1948), an Indian politician
Frank Puglia (1892–1975), an Italian film actor
Marianne Puglia, a Venezuelan Miss Earth
Busa of Canosa di Puglia, an Apulian noblewoman of the 3rd century BC
Other
Puglia Channel, an Italian television station
Giro di Puglia, a cycling race in Apulia
Gentile di Puglia, a breed of sheep
Italian cruiser Puglia, a warship of the Royal Italian Navy
See also
Apulia (disambiguation)
Pulia (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Sotiris Delis (born 7 February 1955) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party. They were Member of the Riksdag from the 2014 general election to the 2018 general election, representing their home constituency Jönköping County.  They are a banker by profession.
In the Riksdag, Delis was a deputy member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs from January 2015 to September 2018. They were first deputy member of the Committee on Environment and Agriculture from October 2014 to January 2015.
References
1955 births
Living people
Moderate Party politicians
Swedish people of Greek descent
Willie and Joe are stock characters representing United States infantry soldiers during World War II. They were created and drawn by American cartoonist Bill Mauldin from 1940 to 1948, with additional drawings later. They were published in a gag cartoon format, first in the 45th Division News, then Stars and Stripes, and starting in 1944, a syndicated newspaper cartoon distributed by United Feature Syndicate.
History
Mauldin was an 18-year-old soldier training with the 45th Infantry Division in 1940. They cartooned part-time for the camp newspaper. Near the end of 1941 the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, and the USA entered World War II. Mauldin was sent to combat, influencing their cartoons. They gradually became darker and more realistic in their depiction of the weariness of the enduring miseries of war. They extended the bristles on their faces and the eyes – "too old for those young bodies", as Mauldin put it – showed how much Willie and Joe suffered. In most cartoons, they were shown in the rain, mud, and other dire conditions, while they contemplated the whole situation.
In the early cartoons, depicting stateside military life in barracks and training camps, Willie was a hook-nosed, smart-mouthed Chocktaw Indian, while Joe was their red-necked straight man. But over time, the two became virtually indistinguishable from each other in appearance and attitude.
While Mauldin was praised for their realistic depictions of what most soldiers felt during war-time, they were less popular with some officers, however. General George S. Patton, Jr. in particular felt offended by the cartoons. Mauldin was ordered to meet them in March 1945 in Patton's quarters in Luxembourg, where Patton complained about the scruffiness of the characters and blamed Mauldin for disrespecting the army and "trying to incite a mutiny". But Dwight Eisenhower, Supreme Commander European Theater, told Patton to leave Mauldin alone, because they felt that Mauldin's cartoons gave the soldiers an outlet for their frustrations. The War Department supported their syndication. The cartoons helped publicize the ground forces and showed the grim side of war, demonstrating that victory would require repeated sacrifices.
Stephen Ambrose, author of Band of Brothers, praised Mauldin's work: "More than anyone else, save only Ernie Pyle, they caught the trials and travails of the GI. For anyone who wants to know what it was like to be an infantryman in World War II, this is the place to start – and finish."
Publication history
The cartoons were published in the 45th Division News from 1940 until November 1943, when the Mediterranenean edition of the Stars and Stripes took them over. Starting April 17, 1944, Mauldin's editor arranged for syndication by United Feature Syndicate as Up Front. As of 1945, according to a Time report, the cartoons were published in 139 newspapers. The title changed to Sweatin' It Out on June 11, 1945, then Willie and Joe on July 30, 1945. The strip lasted until April 8, 1948.
Mauldin received two Pulitzer Prizes for cartooning, one in 1945 and one in 1959. By the end of the war, they also received the Army's Legion of Merit for their cartoons. Mauldin planned for Willie and Joe to be killed on the last day of combat, but Stars and Stripes staff dissuaded him. They tried to bring them into civilian life, but could not find a successful way to do that. They discuss this in their memoir, Back Home, in 1947.
Mauldin occasionally drew new cartoons of "Willie and Joe" after the war. They drew them to commemorate the funerals of people they admired, such as generals Omar Bradley and George C. Marshall and fellow cartoonist Milton Caniff.
Mauldin retired in 1991. The pair reappeared in a 1998 Veterans Day strip of the popular comic Peanuts, using art that had been copied out of a 1944 Willie and Joe panel. Charles M. Schulz, creator of Peanuts and themselves a World War II Infantry combat veteran, was a personal friend of Mauldin's and considered them a hero.
Availability
In March 2008, most World War II comics by Mauldin were published in a collected Fantagraphics Books edition.
Legacy
The films Up Front (1951) and Back at the Front (1952) were based on Mauldin's Willie and Joe characters; however, when Mauldin's suggestions were ignored in favor of making a slapstick comedy, they returned their advising fee; they said they had never seen the result.
"Willie and Joe" were satirized as "Billie and Moe" by Warren Sattler in National Lampoon Presents The Very Large Book of Comical Funnies.
On Veterans' Day 1998, Willie and Joe appeared in the comic strip Peanuts in a strip that Mauldin drew with Charles M. Schulz.
On March 31, 2010, the United States Post Office released a first-class denomination "$0.44" postage stamp in Mauldin's honor depicting them with Willie & Joe.
Original Willie & Joe comics and other illustrations by Bill Mauldin are in the collections of the Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
Sources
American comic strips
1940 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1940
1998 comics endings
Fictional soldiers
Comic strip duos
Fictional American people
Gag cartoon comics
Gag-a-day comics
Comics set during World War II
Anti-war comics
American comics adapted into films
Military humor
Chiripa may refer to:
Chiripa culture, an archaeological culture of Bolivia
, a Guaraní subgroup of Paraguay, Argentina and Brazil
Chiripá language, their language
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Gyarah Sidi (Literally: Eleven steps) are the remains of the astrological observatory of the Mughal Emperor Humayun. The ruins are situated at a stone's throw from Babur's Mehtab Bagh, in a field on the banks of the Yamuna river in Agra.The site is archeological survey of india protected monument.The monument compound is surrounded by park area with lush greenery.
History
Gyarah Sidi or Eleven Steps refers to the steps overlooking the hemispherical cavities in the ground from which astronomical readings could be taken. Though nowhere close to their size, Humayun's observatory is an interesting, diminutive precursor to the massive Jantar Mantars at Jaipur and Delhi built nearly 200 years later.
Humayun and astronomy
Humayun was absorbed in astrology and astronomy, manifesting their passion in the most eccentric way. The business at court was not conducted according to exigencies of matter on hand but deferred to the planets:
Sunday and Tuesday for government - As the sun regulates sovereignty and Mars is the patron of soldiers.
Saturday and Thursday were devoted to matters of religion.
They even went so far as dressing themselves and their ministers according to the colours of the planets associated with particular days.
See also
Jantar Mantar (Jaipur)
Jantar Mantar, Delhi
Humanyun Mosque
List of astronomical observatories
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110715023650/http://traveller.outlookindia.com/destinationlink.aspx?id=168&destinationid=44&pagenum=2
Mughal architecture
History of Uttar Pradesh
Tourist attractions in Agra
Buildings and structures in Agra
Astronomical observatories in India
Defunct astronomical observatories
The Greek Orthodox Church of St. George is a church in the suburb of Mile End, in the South Australian capital of Adelaide. It is under the auspices of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia and spiritual direction of Archbishop Makarios of Australia and is the largest Greek Orthodox church in Adelaide. This is partly due to the high population of Greek Australians in the area, mostly from Thebarton, Torrensville and Mile End.
Greeks of North-East West Torrens
Throughout the 1950s the area became home to a large number of Greek migrants, and by 1966 they formed 13.4 per cent of the population in Thebarton.
The "Greek Orthodox Community and Parish of Saint George Thebarton and Western Suburbs Inc." was formed in 1960 to help the expatriate Greeks, and in 1965 the members of that community built St. George's church.
Today, the suburbs of Torrensville and Thebarton have a significant Greek Australian population, with 4,471 Greek Australians living in the area, that is 18.7 per cent of the total population, according to census data released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics in 2001.
Church Services
Sunday services begin at 8:00 a.m. and end at approximately 11:00 a.m. Weekday services are held on major feast days between 8:00 a.m. and 9:30 a.m.
Holy Week Services are especially solemn and are the highlight of the Orthodox Church calendar.
The Good Friday evening service, which is officiated by the Assistant Bishop to Archbishop Nikandros of Dorylaeon, includes an anticlockwise procession on the streets with an epitaph being carried from the church at approximately 9:30 p.m. Police accompany the clergy and crowd for the entire procession, and close down the southbound lanes of South Road while the crowds walk behind the clergy and the epitaph.
On Holy Saturday evening, the midnight office begins at 11:00 p.m. At midnight the priest lights the trikeri (three candles) and invites the people to "Come, receive the Light from the light that is never overtaken by night". The people rush to be first to receive the flame in order to pass it on until the entire crowd (inside and outside) have their candles lit from the holy flame. This is followed by the priest going outside on to a temporary stage to read the Paschal gospel and the traditional Paschal hymn "Χριστός Ανέστη". The Paschal Sunday service continues until approximately 2:30 a.m.
School services are held four times a year, where all students and teachers from St. George College attend a liturgy for communion. As the number of students at the college exceed the seated capacity of the church, the school now holds separate liturgies for the school. One for the primary students and one for the high-school students.
Publications
The Community and Parish publishes a quarterly magazine, "St. George Community News".
Attendance
Sunday morning service attendance is approximately 300 - 500, which is the approximate capacity of the church. Celebrations such as the feast day of St. George usually have over 1000 people attending, and the outdoor sound system is turned on for the benefit of the hundreds outside. By far, the Good Friday evening service and the midnight Easter service have the greatest attendance of the year, with upwards of 5000 having attended in the past.
People who serve in the church
Father Diogenis Patsouris, Protopresbyter of the Ecumenical Throne OAM was appointed parish priest of Saint George in 1970. Father Konstantinos Skoumbourdis was appointed assistant priest on 1 August 2012. The Head Chanter at the church was Ilias Frangoulis, Archon Protopsaltis of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia until their retirement on 26 October 2011; they were succeeded by John Saredakis. The Left Chanter is John Archontoulis. The chanters and assistant chanters form the choir, which chants every Sunday at St George Church.
Gallery
External links
Official website
Footnotes
Churches in Adelaide
Greek Orthodox churches in Australia
Greek-Australian culture
The 2018–19 Rhode Island Rams basketball team represented the University of Rhode Island during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rams, led by first-year head coach David Cox, played their home games at the Ryan Center in Kingston, Rhode Island as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 18-15, 9-9 in A-10 Play to finish in 8th place. They defeated La Salle And VCU to advance to the semifinals of the A-10 Tournament where they lost to St. Bonaventure.
Previous season
The Rams finished the 2017–18 season 26–8, 15–3 in A-10 play to finish win the A-10 regular season championship. They defeated VCU and Saint Joseph's to advance to the championship game of the A-10 Tournament where they lost to Davidson. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament where they defeated Oklahoma in the First Round before losing in the Second Round to Duke.
On March 22, 2018, it was announced that head coach Dan Hurley had accepted the head coaching job at Connecticut. On April 4, assistant coach David Cox was promoted to head coach.
Offseason
Departures
2018 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Atlantic 10 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 Tournament
Source
See also
2018–19 Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team
References
Rhode Island Rams men's basketball seasons
Rhode Island
Yassıhüyük, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı of Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Daniel Lienert-Brown (born 9 February 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loosehead prop for in New Zealand's domestic Mitre 10 Cup and the in the international Super Rugby competition.
Early career
Born and raised in Christchurch along with younger brother Anton who would go on to become an Black, Daniel attended Christchurch Boys' High School and played for the school´s first XV rugby team. Their next step was to become a member of the Crusaders Knights development team in 2014 while at the same time turning out for High School Old Boys in Canterbury's local club rugby competition.
Senior career
Their first involvement with Canterbury's senior side came in 2014 when they played 4 times, twice from the start and twice as a replacement as the men from Christchurch reached the ITM Cup Premiership semi-finals before losing out to local rivals, . 2015 saw Canterbury back to winning ways, lifting the ITM Cup title after a narrow victory over . Despite facing a fierce battle for game time from fellow looseheads; Joe Moody and Alex Hodgman, Lienert-Brown asserted themselves well and started 6 times during the season and also managed to net their first provincial try. With Moody spending the entire 2016 Mitre 10 Cup campaign with the All Blacks, Lienert-Brown saw their opportunities for playing time increase and they played in 10 of Canterbury's 12 games throughout a year which culminated in them winning the Mitre 10 Cup Premiership once more, this time with a comprehensive 43-27 win over Tasman which made it 8 provincial titles in 9 years for the red and blacks.
Super Rugby
Despite only being aged 21 and having no provincial experience under their belt, a front-row injury crisis for Christchurch-based Super Rugby franchise, the midway through the 2014 season saw them receive an unexpected call up. They were an unused substitute for the Crusaders home match against the on 28 April, but made their Super Rugby debut the following week as their side defeated the 28-7 in Johannesburg. They made 2 substitute appearances in total throughout the year, but was unable to secure a contract with any of New Zealand's 5 Super Rugby franchises for 2015, however, injuries once more provided them an opportunity and this time it was one they would take. They were called into the Dunedin-based squad early in the 2015 season and ended up playing 12 times in a fairytale season for them finished with them being crowned Super Rugby champions for the first time after a 21-14 victory away to the in the final. A full squad member for 2016, they featured in 14 games and scored 2 tries as the men from Dunedin were eliminated by the at the semi-final stage.
Tony Brown replaced the bound Jamie Joseph as the Highlanders head coach ahead of the 2017 Super Rugby season and they retained Lienert-Brown in the squad for their first campaign in charge.
International
Lienert-Brown was a member of the New Zealand Under 20 team which finished 4th in the 2013 IRB Junior World Championship in France. Not originally named in the squad, they were called up as an injury replacement for future Canterbury teammate, Alex Hodgman and went on to make 2 substitute appearances.
Career Honours
Highlanders
Super Rugby - 2015
Canterbury
National Provincial Championship - 2015, 2016
Super Rugby Statistics
References
1993 births
Living people
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
Crusaders (rugby union) players
Highlanders (rugby union) players
Canterbury rugby union players
Rugby union props
People educated at Christchurch Boys' High School
Rugby union players from Christchurch
Moana Pasifika players
Zapatista(s) may refer to:
Liberation Army of the South, formed 1910s, a Mexican insurgent group involved in the Mexican Revolution
Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN), formed 1983, a Mexican indigenous armed revolutionary group based in Chiapas
Rebel Zapatista Autonomous Municipalities, autonomous municipalities in Chiapas governed by radical democratic ideals
The ideology of Zapatismo originating in the early 1900s as part of the Mexican Revolution
The ideology of Neozapatismo originating in the late 1900s associated with armed uprisings in Chiapas, Mexico
An oil painting by José Clemente Orozco
See also
Emiliano Zapata (1879–1919), Mexican revolutionary
Roderick Valley () is a large ice-filled valley trending in a north–south direction and separating Schmidt and Williams Hills from the main mass of Neptune Range, in the Pensacola Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain David W. Roderick, United States Air Force (USAF), pilot and second in command of the Electronic Test Unit in the Pensacola Mountains, 1957–58.
Valleys of Queen Elizabeth Land
Rhabdophis conspicillatus, the red-bellied keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles of Malaysia
Reptiles described in 1872
Taxa named by Albert Günther
William Symonds D.D. (1556 – c. 1616) was an English clergyman, known as a promoter of the Colony of Virginia. The arguments of Symonds in favour of the colony in 1609, equating the British nation with the biblical Abraham, and stating that Native Americans lacked property rights, have been seen as presaging later developments in the colonisation of North America.
Life
Born in Hampshire, Symonds matriculated at Oxford on 3 March 1573, and was elected a demy of Magdalen College in 1573, then described as from Oxfordshire. They graduated B.A. on 1 February 1578, was elected a probationer-fellow of Magdalen in 1578, and graduated M.A. on 5 April 1581.
In 1583 Symonds was appointed by the President Laurence Humfrey to the mastership of Magdalen College School, where they were in post to 1586. During that time complaints were made against them for non-residence. In 1583 they became rector of Langton-by-Partney, Lincolnshire; in 1584 they were presented by the Queen to the rectory of Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire; on 14 November 1587 they were admitted to the rectory of Stock, Essex, by John Aylmer, the bishop of London. In 1594 Symonds obtained the rectory of Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire; in 1597 they were instituted to the rectory of Well, Lincolnshire; and in 1599 they were presented by Robert Bertie, to the rectory of Halton Holgate, Lincolnshire.
Symonds was also for several years preacher at St Saviour's Church, Southwark. They were presented to the rectory of Wyberton, Lincolnshire, in 1612. According to Anthony Wood, they were created D.D. in 1613. They held the living till 1616.
Works
Symond's works were:
Pisgah Evangelica, according to the Method of the Revelation, presenting the History of the Church, and those Canaanites over whom they shall triumph, London, 1605. A commentary on the Book of Revelation, it terminates its history at the Union of the Crowns in 1603. The work announces a "first resurrection" as imminent.
A Heavenly Voyce. A Sermon tending to call the people of God from among the Romish Babylonians; preached at Paules Crosse, the 12 of Ianuarie 1606, London, 1606.
Virginia (1609) was the first sermon preached before the Virginia Company. The text was , God's promise to Abram on their emigration. Related sermons of the time were those by John Donne, which put forward similar religious arguments, and William Crashaw. Symonds invoked the British Constantine as a model for James VI and I, a pacifier and propagator of the Christian gospel. Alluding to the Book of Numbers, they implied that Virginia should be taken as promised land. The sermon has been seen as picking up from the endpoint of Pisgah Evangelica.
From some Observations by Symonds, printed in Captain John Smith's General History of Virginia, 1624, it was thought at one time that they had been resident in the Virginia colony; but that is now not thought to be supported by the evidence. They did look over Smith's manuscripts, and helped them in having them published at Oxford (against the wishes of the Company). Symonds has been identified as a ghost-writer of the General History.
Notes
Attribution
1556 births
1616 deaths
16th-century English Anglican priests
17th-century English Anglican priests
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
Clergy from Hampshire
Garden City is a residential area of Melbourne located in the City of Port Phillip 5 km south-west of the Melbourne CBD and immediately west of Port Melbourne. It was created as a planned residential development along the urban design principles of the early 20th century Garden city movement, initially by the State Bank of Victoria and subsequently developed by the Housing Commission of Victoria between 1926 and 1948.
The area had previously been undeveloped crown land known as Sandridge Flat, and was considered part of Fishermans Bend, a wasteland of swamps and sand ridges located along the lower reaches of the Yarra River.
The former City of Port Melbourne, which undertook its own social housing scheme at Montague, lobbied the State Government in 1912 to allow social housing to be constructed on reclaimed land, but the Melbourne Harbor Trust had a claim over the land for port use. The State Savings Bank took up the Council proposal and in 1926 the Metropolitan Town Planning Commission purchased 18 hectares of land south and east of Williamstown Road and Graham Street. In 1936 the HCV took over construction of houses from the State Bank acquiring a further 22 hectares to the west, ultimately creating three separate estate areas including Dunstan, Garden City and Fishermans Bend estates. The street layout was laid out on "garden city" principals, and the later HCV houses accommodated large families from deprived circumstances. The HCV built the last public tenanted houses along Beacon and Barak Roads in 1981. In recent decades the former working class social housing, built to alleviate the worst impacts of the depression, have become sought-after inner city accommodation for the middle classes, and houses typically sell for nearly $2,000,000.
There is a small shopping centre in Graham Street built as part of the State Bank stage, while there are five neighbourhood parks in the HCV area, which was not otherwise well provided for with other facilities. The Ada Mary A'Beckett kindergarten, which was built with the support of philanthropic Free Kindergarten Union (1942).
The 1979 Port Melbourne council conservation study identified Garden City as ... a unique example of residential town planning, with a substantial part remaining intact. Specific guidelines have been published to manage repairs and improvements to the houses without losing their heritage value.
The estate includes semi-attached single and double-storey houses in red brick and cement render, including 322 cindercrete semi-detached double-storey "Bank Houses" in six variations which all looked very British, arranged around a series of public open spaces, in a Beaux-Arts layout. Contrary to popular belief, the "Bank Houses" were never public housing and have always been in private hands. The Bank Houses area later became known as "nobs hill", a reference to relative wealth of their occupants compared to the residents of the clinker brick public housing that was added later. The Housing Commission area was known as 'Little Baghdad'.
The Garden City post office in Centre Avenue has been open since 1945.
References
Suburbs of Melbourne
Urban planning in Australia
Ömerler, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Osmansin, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Francisco Solis or Solís may refer to:
Francisco Solis (athlete), Dominican Republic middle-distance runner
Francisco Solis (judoka), Chilean judoka
Francisco Solís (bishop), Roman Catholic prelate
Francisco Arias Solís, Spanish politician
Syrdariya (, ) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Terenozek. Population:
Geography
Lake Arys is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
Mohamed Sayed Abdulla (born 12 March 1974) is an Egyptian field hockey player. They competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Field hockey players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Egyptian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Egypt
Petola Visitor Centre, Kuhmo was founded to provide information about large carnivores in Finland. The centre provides information about their appearance, behavior, habitats, research, monitoring and folk legends. Visiting the centre is free, excluding guided tours.
The permanent exhibition at the centre focuses on Finland's four large carnivores – bear, wolf, lynx and wolverine. Golden eagle and Finnish forest reindeer are also featured. Temporary exhibitions cover various other issues.
Customer service at the centre provides information about hiking, other outdoor activities, nature conservation and nature reserves in Kuhmo and Kainuu.
External links
http://www.nationalparks.fi/en/kuhmovisitorcentre
http://www.suurpedot.fi/petola.html
Tourist attractions in Kainuu
John Charles Lush (October 8, 1885 – November 18, 1946), was a professional baseball player who was a pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1904 to 1910. They played for the St. Louis Cardinals and Philadelphia Phillies.
On May 1, 1906, while with the Phillies, the 20-year-old Lush no-hit the Brooklyn Superbas 6-0 at Brooklyn's Washington Park, besting Mal Eason—himself a no-hit pitcher on July 20 of that season. Lush struck out 11, walked three, and one runner first base on a Mickey Doolin error. Not until Jim Bunning's perfect game in 1964 would there be another no-hitter by a Phillies pitcher.
Lush was a good hitting pitcher in their seven-year major league career. They posted a .254 batting average (252-for-993) with 107 runs, 40 doubles, 11 triples, 2 home runs, 94 RBI, 28 stolen bases and drawing 69 bases on balls. They were also used at first base and in the outfield.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
1885 births
1946 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Phillies players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Sportspeople from Williamsport, Pennsylvania
Williamsport Millionaires players
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Cleveland Bearcats players
Portland Beavers players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Musular, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
John Garrard Burton-Page (19 December 1921 – 2005) was a British orientalist, Lecturer in the Art and Architecture of India at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). They were an editor, and prolific contributor, to the Second Edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam between 1960 and 1995.
Burton-Page's contributions to the Encyclopaedia of Islam fell into three main categories: Muslim sites and monuments; Muslim dynasties; and Islamic building typologies. These contributions were reprinted in a posthumous collection edited by their former student George Michell.
Life
John Burton-Page was born in Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex. Though they enrolled as a horn player at the Royal College of Music, their study was interrupted by World War II. They served in India and Burma, ending the war as a captain in the 1st King George V's Own Gurkha Rifles. Having become fluent in Hindi and Nepali, on return to England they entered as a mature student at Wadham College, Oxford to study Sanskrit. After graduating in 1950 they went to the School of Oriental and African Studies as a Temporary Lecturer in Nepali. They stayed at SOAS for over three decades, later as a Lecturer and Reader in Hindi, becoming increasingly interested in Indo-Islamic history and architecture. Their final post was as Reader in the Art & Archaeology of South Asia, and they continued to write and teach for some years after their formal retirement.
Works
'The Name "Nepal"', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 16:3 (1954), p. 592-7.
'Two studies in Gungkura, 1. Tone; 2. Rhotacism and retroflexion', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 17 (1954), p. 111-9.
'An analysis of the syllable in Boro', Indian Linguistics 16 (1956), pp. 334–44
'The syntax of participal forms in Hindi', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 19 (1957), pp. 94–104.
'The charm of Indo-Islamic architecture, an introduction to the modern phase', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 19 (1957), pp. 393–4.
'Compound and conjunct verbs in Hindi', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 19 (1957), pp. 469–78.
'"Aziz" and the sack of Swarka, a seventeenth century Hindi version', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 21 (1957), pp. 145–57.
'Notes on two problems in Indo-Aryan', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 21 (1957), pp. 174–8.
'The gender of loan-words in Hindi', Indian Linguistics 20 (1959), pp. 165–79
'A study of fortification in the Indian subcontinent from the thirteenth to the eighteenth century A.D.', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 23 (1960), pp. 516–22.
(ed.) Introduction to Nepali: a first-year language course by Thomas Welcourne Clark, School of Oriental and African Studies, 1977.
'An inscription from Ambur fort in the Victoria and Albert Museum', Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 49 (1986), pp. 174–8.
(ed. George Michell) Indian Islamic architecture : forms and typologies, sites and monuments, 2007.
References
1921 births
2005 deaths
British art historians
British architectural historians
British orientalists
Historians of India
Indian architectural history
Historians of Islamic art
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
Indian Army personnel of World War II
British people in colonial India
British people in British Burma
People from Westcliff-on-Sea
Harry Wellington Laidler (February 18, 1884 – July 14, 1970) was an American socialist writer, magazine editor, and politician.  They are best remembered as Executive Director of the League for Industrial Democracy, successor to the Intercollegiate Socialist Society, and for their close political association with perennial Socialist Party Presidential nominee Norman Thomas. They also served a two-year term on the New York City Council.
Early years
Harry W. Laidler was born February 18, 1884, in Brooklyn, New York, the son of a salesperson. The Laidler family was comfortable, middle-class, and politically liberal. Young Harry attended public school in Brooklyn, before graduating to attend Wesleyan University, from which they obtained a Bachelor's degree in 1907.
Upon graduation, Laidler worked as a reporter for the Brooklyn Eagle newspaper, attending Brooklyn Law School at night. Laidler's graduation from law school in 1910 also marked the end of their career as a news reporter. They subsequently enrolled in Columbia University in New York City, from which they obtained their Ph.D. in 1914.
Political career
Harry Laidler was a committed socialist from their teenage years, enrolling in the Socialist Party of America in 1903. In 1905 became a founding member of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society (ISS), a national organization dedicated to advancing the study of socialism on college campuses around the country through lectures, debates, and publications. Laidler was named to the ISS's executive committee as a representative of undergraduates. Upon their graduation from law school in 1910, they were named Secretary of the ISS, serving as well as editor of its magazine, The Intercollegiate Socialist, from the time of its launch in 1913. They continued to edit this publication and its successor, The Socialist Review, until 1921.
In 1921, with much of the youth section of the socialist movement departed to the Communist Party of America and Communist Labor Party, the ISS determined to change its name to the League for Industrial Democracy (LID). The name change marked a shifting of orientation, from an exclusive concentration upon college campuses to bringing socialist ideas to trade unions and the general public. Harry Laidler was named the Executive Director of the revamped organization — a position which they would continue to hold until 1957.
Laidler was a close associate of pacifist minister Norman Thomas in the LID. Thomas was a fellow New Yorker born in the same year as Laidler, and the pair shared a middle-class upbringing and a rather academic and technocratic view towards the American Socialist movement. A trusted confidante, Laidler helped to manage Thomas' 1928 and 1932 runs for President as the nominee of the Socialist Party.
During the faction fight between a Left Wing loyal to Thomas and an organized Old Guard faction that wracked the Socialist Party from 1934 to 1936, Laidler played a key role for the young insurgents, running for and winning election as State Secretary of the Socialist Party of New York in a hotly contested race with Old Guard leader Louis Waldman.
Laidler was president of the National Bureau of Economic Research from 1930 to 1932 and again from 1948 to 1949. They also served as head of its Board of Directors from 1932 to 1934. They frequently contributed book reviews to scholarly journals in this period, a long list which included the American Journal of Sociology, The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, The Journal of Political Economy, and the American Economic Review.
Laidler was twice a candidate on the Socialist Party ticket, running for Governor of New York in 1936 and for U.S. Senator from New York in 1938. They were later a successful candidate of the American Labor Party for New York City Council in 1940, serving a 2-year term as an alderman.
Death and legacy
Harry Laidler died on July 14, 1970, two years after their friend Norman Thomas.
Footnotes
Works
Books and pamphlets
Boycotts and the Labor Struggle: Economic and Legal Aspects. New York: John Lane Co., 1914. —reissued 1968
The British Co-operative Movement. New York: Co-operative League of America, 1917.
Public Ownership Throughout the World: A Survey of the Extent of Government Control and Operation. New York: Rand School of Social Science, 1918. —reissued 1924
Study Courses in Socialism. New York: Intercollegiate Socialist Society, 1919.
Socialism in Thought and Action. New York: Macmillan, 1920.
Recent Developments in Socialism: With Bibliographies and Directory. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1922.
Public Ownership, Here and Abroad, Before, during and After the War. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1923.
How America Lives: A Handbook of Industrial Facts. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1924.
Roads to Freedom: A Syllabus for Discussion Groups. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1924.
Canada Shows How to Manage Electrical Power. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1924.
The Coming of a Labor President to Mexico. Richmond, IN: n.p., 1925.
A History of Socialist Thought. New York: Thomas Y. Crowell Co., 1927.
Unemployment and Its Remedies. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1931.
Concentration of Control in American Industry. New York: Thomas Y. Crowell Co., 1931.
The Practical Program of Socialism. Girard, KS: Haldeman-Julius Publications, 1931.
The Road Ahead: A Primer of Capitalism and Socialism. New York: Thomas Y. Crowell Co., 1932.
Incentives Under Capitalism and Socialism. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1933.
The City for the People. Chicago: Socialist Party, 1933.
Socialism. Chicago: Socialist Party, 1934.
An Appeal to White Collar Workers and the Professions. New York: Socialist Party, n.d. [c. 1934].
Slash Your Electric Bills. New York: Socialist Party, n.d. [c. 1934].
Socializing Our Democracy: A New Appraisal of Socialism. New York: Harper and Bros., 1935.
America in the Depression: Supplement of How America Lives. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1935.
America in the Depression and Under the New Deal. New York, Council for Social Action, 1935.
A Program for Modern America. New York: Thomas Y. Crowell Co., 1936.
Putting the Constitution to Work. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1936.
Acceptance Speech. New York: Socialist Party, 1936.
American Socialism: Its Aims and Practical Program. New York: Harper and Bros., 1937.
The Consumer Cooperative Movement: A Social Interpretation. With Wallace J. Campbell. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1937. —reissued 1940.
Toward a Farmer-Labor Party. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1938.
Vote a Real Labor Ticket! New York: Socialist Party of New York, 1938.
The Federal Government and Functional Democracy. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1940.
Maximum Production: Warfare and Welfare. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1942.
Social-Economic Movements: An Historical and Comparative Survey of Socialism, Communism, Co-operation, Utopianism and Other Systems of Reform and Reconstruction. New York: Thomas Y. Crowell Co., 1944. —reissued 1968 as "History of Socialism."
British Labor's Rise to Power. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1945.
Toward Nationalization of Industry. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1947.
Labor Governments at Work: British, Scandinavian, Australasian. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1948.
Our Changing Industrial Incentives. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1949.
Freedom and the Welfare State. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1950.
Socialism in the United States: A Brief History. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1952.
Collections edited
State Socialism, Pro and Con: Official Documents and Other Authoritative Selections Showing the World-Wide Replacement of Private by Governmental Industry Before and During the War. With William English Walling. New York: Henry Holt and Co., 1917.
New Tactics in Social Conflict. With Norman Thomas. New York: Vanguard Press/ League for Industrial Democracy, 1926.
Prosperity? With Norman Thomas. New York: Vanguard Press/ League for Industrial Democracy, 1927.
Wells' Social Anticipations. Edited, with introduction by Harry W. Laidler. New York: Vanguard Press, 1927.
The Socialism of Our Times: A Symposium. With Norman Thomas. New York: Vanguard Press/ League for Industrial Democracy, 1929.
Socialist Planning and a Socialist Program: A Symposium. New York: Falcon Press, 1932.
Post-War Planning for Peace and Full Employment: Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1941.
The Role of the Races in Our Future Civilization: Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1942.
Post-War Planning for Social Justice: A Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1942.
The Third Freedom: Freedom from Want. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1943.
Forty Years of Education: The Task Ahead: A Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1945.
A Program for Labor and Progressives: Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1946.
World Cooperation and Social Progress: A Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1951.
Needed: A Moral Awakening in America: A Symposium. New York: League for Industrial Democracy, 1952.
Articles
"The New Capitalism and the Socialist," The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol. 149 (May 1930), pp. 12–21.
"More Government in Business," The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol. 178, (March 1935), pp. 148–154.
"New Zealand's Democracy," Far Eastern Survey, vol. 13, no. 10 (May 17, 1944), pg. 91.
Further reading
Carmela Ascoles Karnoustos, Harry W. Laidler and the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. Ph.D. dissertation, New York University, 1974.
See also
Intercollegiate Socialist Society
League for Industrial Democracy
1884 births
1970 deaths
Wesleyan University alumni
Columbia University alumni
Socialist Party of America politicians from New York (state)
American socialists
American political writers
American male non-fiction writers
People from Brooklyn
20th-century American politicians
New York City Council members
American Labor Party politicians
Brooklyn Law School alumni
Men's Slalom World Cup 1994/1995
Calendar
Final point standings
In Men's Slalom World Cup 1994/95 all results count.
Note:
In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
External links
FIS-ski.com - World Cup standings - Slalom 1995
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup slalom men's discipline titles
Jokanovića kuća (The house of Jokanović's), is one of the oldest buildings in Užice, a city in western Serbia. It is located in the center of the town, next to a local art gallery.
Jokanovića kuća was the property of the Jokanović family, one of the richest merchant families of Užice in the second half of 19th century. It is also known as "peccara" (the Jokanović's traded various commodities, including wine and brandy, and owned a couple of inns in Užice).
The dwelling is a rare representative house of 19th century Serbia. Due to ethnographic considerations, the building has been declared a national cultural heritage site.
External links
Municipality of Užice
Užice
Semenkovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2002.
Geography
Semenkovo is located 57 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Boyarskoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The Rubatab people () constitute one of many Sunni Arab riverine tribes of Northern Sudan. They inhabit the region of the Fourth Cataract of the Nile. Similar to their neighbouring tribes, the mid-stream Manasir and the downstream Shaiqiyah (الشايقيّة), the Rubatab are an Arab tribe in the Northeastern Sudan, with an archaic Arabic mother tongue. Their tribal homeland traditionally stretches north of Berber, Sudan until the famed town of Abu Hamad. The Rubatab border the Ababda people, the Bishari tribe, and the Manasir.
Culture
Communication
The Rubatab people speak Arabic. Their accent is different from other tribes in Sudan, but the language is the same, including the alphabets. People from other tribes may have difficulty understanding them because of their distinct accent.
People in Rubatab show respect for each other, even when it comes to greeting one another. They usually shake hands and put the right hand on the other person's shoulder (for men) saying "salaam aleikum" and the other answers by saying "wa aleikumu salaam". Women show respect for each other by shaking hands, hugging or kissing each other on each cheek. People in the tribe have traditional Islamic names, like Mohammed and Ahmed.
Art forms
The Rubatab people have a distinct dance style from other tribes. Weddings are the only occasions where men dance with women. The people generally prefer painting rather than crafting. Many people are farmers, and few are artists. A notable exception is Mohammed Sadiq, a famous comedian and actor.
The music is simple, the instruments are homemade. Women play drums and men play tambour. Men and women have their own distinct drums.
In local architecture, many one-story buildings are made with bricks and cement. Each home has two doors, one for men and one for women.
The dress style is similar to the northern Sudanese people. Women wear toub that are one piece of generally a brightly colored cloth wrapped around the entire body and covering the hair. Underneath women wear dresses which are worn without the toub indoors. Men wear jalabiya, a traditional white full-length, long-sleeved gown with white trousers underneath. Wealthy Rubatab women wear jewellery to show their riches. Also, there is heavy emphasis on beauty in the eyes and women emphasize their eyes with eyeliner.
Social behavior
The people of the Rubatab tribe play many different games. Girls play a game called "Higla". In this game, they draw a circle on the floor and throw rocks inside the circle and jump. Males play soccer and a game with rocks and sticks. They usually play these games after school or during break times.
The Rubatab people follow Islamic holidays. They have many traditional foods. One is called asida (porridge in English), made from sorghum, and they eat it with a tomato sauce. Another dish is called gorassa, which looks like pancake, and it is eaten with tomato sauce. They have three meals each day, breakfast is at 10 a.m., lunch is at 3 p.m. and dinner (optional) is at 10 p.m.
By tradition, when a child is born, the mother is not allowed to go out until 40 days after the birth. They stay at home with some relatives and friends. People come and give the mother money. On the seventh day after birth the child is officially named. A sheep or a cow is killed for a feast to celebrate this event. The size of the feast and the type of animal depends on the family's wealth. After 40 days have passed, there is another party, and the mother is free to leave the home.
When someone dies, people call everyone from their family and all the family members come to the house. If the father dies, people close the room and wash the dead body. They wash the whole body with water, and afterwards they would put perfume on the body, and wrap it in white cloth. They put the body on a bed, and the body is then taken to the grave where it is buried according to Islamic procedures. When a husband dies, the wife wears white, and they stay in their home for four months and ten days.  They are not supposed to put on any makeup as a sign of respect to the deceased.
Social structure
Roles of women and girls
Women are responsible for the house and children. Women stay at home and raise the children. Girls usually stay at home and help their mothers to cook or do other tasks. Girls are allowed to go to school and work. Although generally expected to be in the home, they can have any job they want and are also allowed to finish school. In the past, girls were not allowed to go to school. Some believe it was not safe to send girls to school, but now girls have a right to go to school.
Roles of men and boys
Men work to feed their family. They also must make decisions with their wives. They often sit outside separately from women during times of leisure talk or play cards. Boys have more freedom and will play outside or spend time with the men. Some families follow these general rules and others do not.
Many in the tribe believe that boys and men are more important than girls. They generally have a higher status, and people prefer having sons to daughters.
Roles of young people
Teenagers have to respect the elders and must follow general social rules about interaction depending on their family's perception of these traditional rules. Girls must respect boys and act like ladies by paying attention to how they dress and act. Boys are expected to act strong and emulate men. Boys must respect traditional rules about decency, which include not touching women.
Roles of elders
Old people are respected and honored by others in society. Elders teach children how to respect other people and punish those who do not follow directions.
People and how they are important
Rubatab people honor those who are generous with them.
Choosing a spouse
In the past, the groom would introduce themselves to the spouses family and ask for their hand in marriage The groom would introduce themselves and say why they want to marry the woman and if they are accepted by their family they will give them their hand in marriage. They would tell about himself, giving details to the family. The girl's family would go and ask others in the community about the potential groom's character and reputation. Assuming all information gathered is favorable, they bring their family to introduce them to the other family. Men greet and socialize with the men and women with the women. Women bring gifts.
Institutions
Family
Most families in Rubatab give their son a house when they are ready to get married. The leader of the family is always the father. Mothers help make decision with the father, but the father is always the final decision. While some families follow traditional rules that show favoritism to boys, more recently some families treat girls more equally to boys.
Religion
The Rubatab people believe in Islam. Rubatab people trace their ancestry to Arabia. There is mutual respect for other tribes that believe in other religions. They are no other religions in the Rubatab tribe.
Government
Decisions are made by men mostly, but women do have rights if they treated fairly. Solutions are discussed and then put to a vote for a final decision. Meetings amongst decision-makers happen in safe place set aside for meetings. Meetings are often called by people in the government.
Rules
The rules in the group are respecting each other and treating people fairly. In the past, marriage outside the tribe was forbidden for both women and men.
Education
Girls and boys go to school. In some schools, girls sit separately from boys. There are girls' schools and boys' schools. The teachers are both male and female, but in high school usually women are the teachers. Subjects taught are mathematics, science and language, but the largest focus is on religion.
Economic base
Jobs are similar to the world, such as engineering. Wealthy persons buy luxury cars and live in quality houses. Some people are self-employed. In the past people weren't allowed to trade anything to the other group, but the rules changed, and now some people do.
Notable members
Dr. Mekki Shibeika, The first Sudanese who earned a Ph.D ever in 1949 from the University of London, and first Sudanese to be dean of College of Arts, University of Khartoum, 1955, historian, and the father of the modern Sudanese history.
Dr. Ali Shibeika, poet, and pharmacist.
Sahikh Babiker Badri, the father of modern women education in Sudan, and founder of the first girls school in Rufaa, Sudan, 1907. Founder of Ahfad schools.
Shaikh Mohamed Shibeika, a relative of Shaikh Babiker Badri and one of their first students. educator, and a pioneer in education. Founder of Al- Nahda'a Middle School, Omdurman .
Zeinab Badawi, Journalist
Ayoub Siddig, BBC Worldwide Service broadcaster
References
Arabs in Sudan
Ethnic groups in Sudan
Greg Austin (born November 19, 1984) is an American football coach and former player.  They are currently the offensive line coach and run game coordinator at FIU. They were previously the offensive line coach at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. They also played offensive guard for the Nebraska Cornhuskers from 2003-2007.
In August 2018, Austin was nominated as part of ESPN's '40 Under 40.'
Early life
Austin was born on November 19, 1983 in Houston, Texas at St. Luke's Hospital to Jacqueline L. Austin and Gregory D. Austin Sr. They attended Cy-Fair High School in Cypress, Texas where they played football and a shot putter for the track and field team was elected homecoming king. While at Cy-Fair, their nickname was "BG," or "Big Greg " due their popularity and leadership qualities among their teammates, peers, coaches and teachers. They eventually committed to a football scholarship at the University of Nebraska upon graduating in 2003. Other prospects included North Texas, Oklahoma State, Rice, SMU and Texas Tech.
College career
Upon visiting Nebraska's campus in November 2002 and being heavily recruited by head coach Frank Solich, Austin signed a letter of intent to play for the Huskers in spring of 2003. They earned a spot that fall as a true starter on Solich's offensive line. They were the fifth true first-year student in Nebraska's history to ever do so. Their offensive teammates that year included Jammal Lord and their roommate Cory Ross. Despite a knee injury that sidelined them in the late season, the Cornhuskers went on to win the Alamo Bowl their first year against Michigan State. Austin retained their starting offensive line role throughout their tenure at Nebraska as they reclaimed victory two years later at the Alamo Bowl against Michigan. This time, it was under new head coach Bill Callahan. In their final year, the Huskers, including starting running back and roommate Brandon Jackson, fell in a close game to Auburn in the 2007 Cotton Bowl Classic. They graduated in 2007 from Nebraska with a Bachelor's in Business Administration. Other teammates included Titus Adams, Joe Dailey, Sam Koch, Carl Nicks, Ndamukong Suh, Barrett Ruud, Zac Taylor, and Fabian Washington.
Shortly after graduating from Nebraska, under the tutelage of Richard Lapchick and Richard DeVos, Austin enrolled at the University of Central Florida where they studied under the DeVos Sports Management Program. Austin credited Lapchick and DeVos on matriculating to UCF by saying their societal contributions, "really drew me in, and from there, I knew it was bigger than me." They graduated from UCF in 2009 with dual master's degrees in business sports management.
Coaching career
Early career
Austin's coaching career began shortly after graduating from UCF where they also worked as an event manager for Disney's Wide World of Sports. They took an intern graduate assistant coaching position at both Mesabi Range College and later Wayne State University. At both schools, they assisted with the offensive line as an intern coach.
Oregon
In mid-2010, Austin received an offer to join Chip Kelly's coaching staff as a graduate assistant intern for the University of Oregon. Known by players and coaches alike as "Coach G", they helped coach the offensive line under the guidance of offensive coordinator Mark Helfrich. Although they started as a coaching intern in with Oregon, Austin was later promoted to, and remained, graduate assistant offensive coach the following year. When Austin came on board, the 2010 Ducks were 12-0 (8-0 Pac-10) in regular season play and went on to win the Pac-10 Conference title, the first undefeated and untied regular season in the school's 117-year football history. They went on to play against Heisman winner Cam Newton and the Auburn Tigers for the 2011 BCS National Championship in the Fiesta Bowl, but narrowly lost by a field goal towards the end of regulation. For the next two years, Austin and the Ducks would go on to retain the conference title in 2011, win the 2012 Rose Bowl and 2013 Fiesta Bowl with 12–2 (8–1 Pac-12) and 12–1 (8–1 Pac-12) records, respectively. This accumulates a 36-4 record while Austin was with the Ducks. During an Oregon News interview, Austin said, "winning the Rose Bowl was one of the funnest moments I ever had on the field."
Philadelphia Eagles
Austin left Oregon with Chip Kelly after the 2012 season to join the Philadelphia Eagles.
Central Florida and Nebraska
Austin joined new head coach Scott Frost's staff at the University of Central Florida (UCF) in 2016 as offensive line coach. When Frost departed after 2017 to become head coach at Nebraska, Austin followed them and took the same role there. Austin was one of four offensive assistants dismissed on November 8, 2021, in a major reshuffle of the offensive staff.
FIU
On January 2, 2022, it was reported that Austin would be joining Mike MacIntyre's inaugural FIU staff as the run game coordinator and offensive line coach.
References
External links
Nebraska profile
1984 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Nebraska Cornhuskers football coaches
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Oregon Ducks football coaches
Philadelphia Eagles coaches
UCF Knights football coaches
Wayne State Warriors football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
University of Central Florida alumni
People from Cypress, Texas
Players of American football from Houston
Coaches of American football from Texas
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
is a train station in the city of Ibara, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Alexei Puninski (, ; born 11 January 1985) is a Russian-born Croatian former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events, and an entrepreneur. Their family moved from Russia to Croatia in 1999. They represented Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has claimed multiple Croatian championship titles and national records in both the freestyle and butterfly (50 and 100 m). They have also won a career total of three medals (two golds and one bronze) in a major international competition, spanning the European Junior Championships and European Short Course Championships in Helsinki, Finland, with respective times of 24.57 and 23.21.
Puninski competed for Croatia in the men's 100 m butterfly at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Leading up to the Games, they finished with a third-place time in 52.61 to dip beneath the FINA A-standard (52.86) by 0.25 of a second and earn a direct Olympic selection to the Croatian squad at the USA Swimming Grand Prix in Columbus, Ohio. Coming from third at the halfway turn on the outside in heat six, Puninski faded down the stretch to hit the wall in dead-last with a 53.65. Puninski failed to advance into the semifinals, as they placed forty-seventh overall out of sixty-six swimmers in the prelims.
At the 2008 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Rijeka, Puninski set a Croatian record of 22.63 seconds in the semifinals of the men's 50 m butterfly. They also won a bronze medal as a member of the Croatian team in the men's 4×50 m freestyle relay, with a time of 1:23.68.
Puninski is also an eighteen-time All-American swimmer, a full-fledged member of the Auburn Tigers, and an international business graduate at the Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama.
References
External links
Profile – Croatian Olympic Committee
Player Bio – Auburn Tigers
NBC Olympics Profile
1985 births
Living people
Croatian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Croatia
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Croatian male freestyle swimmers
Male butterfly swimmers
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Auburn Tigers men's swimmers
Croatian people of Russian descent
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Croatia
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Čule is a populated settlement in the Mostar municipality, Herzegovina-Neretva Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated southwest of the city of Mostar along the R424 road.
Landmarks
The village contains the bagel shop Pekara Čula and the Svadbeni salon Luna, a venue that is used for weddings. The Catholic church of
Crkva svetog Ilije proroka lies to the west in Selište.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 387, all Croats.
References
Populated places in Mostar
Villages in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kajiyama (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese guitarist
Hiroshi Kajiyama (disambiguation), multiple people
, Japanese gymnast
, Japanese politician
, Japanese politician
, Japanese basketball coach
, Japanese yakuza member
, Japanese writer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
Japanese-language surnames
The Akron Press was a newspaper serving Akron, Ohio. It was founded in 1898.
It began as the Akron edition of the Cleveland Press Penny, printed in Cleveland and was transported to Akron by train. It gained local flavor when it began being printed in Akron.
By 1903 it was described as "distinct".
By the early 1920s it was competing with the Akron Times. The two then joined together on March 14, 1925 to be The Times-Press, as the town wasn't big enough for both.
L. E. Judd, Akron-Press editor, since circa 1921, was editor of the combined newspaper.
Its stereotyping department was headed by Joseph J. Metker, an international stereotyper, and in 1929 their son Robert succeeded him.
In 1923, for a brief period, Henry C. Segal, worked as a reporter for the Akron Press.
In 1927, the newspaper was named: The Akron Times-Press which existed till 1938.
References
Mass media in Akron, Ohio
Newspapers published in Ohio
Publications established in 1898
1898 establishments in Ohio
Elvanlar, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Sharon Robinson may refer to:
Sharon Robinson (songwriter) (born 1958), American songwriter
Sharon Robinson (cellist) (born 1949), American cellist
Sharon Robinson (physiologist) (born 1961), British Antarctic researcher
The Mixed 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2019 African Games was held on 23 August 2019.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 23 August at 11:35.
Final
The final was started on 23 August.
References
Mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
Washington Emilio MacEachen Vásquez (born 4 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Santamarina.
Life and career
Emilio came through the youth system at Uruguay's most successful club, C.A. Peñarol, and was promoted to the first team in the 2010-11 Primera División season, for which they were assigned squad number 2. They made seven appearances in this season, one of which was as a substitute. Their debut came in a 2-0 win against Cerro on 13 March 2011.
Emilio was also a squad member for Peñarol's 2011 Copa Libertadores campaign, in which the club reached the final. They were an unused substitute in six 2011 Libertadores matches, including the first leg of the final against Santos of Brazil.
On 1 February 2017, Necaxa announced that MacEachen would be joining the club on loan for 6 months with an option to sign permanently. They made their debut on February 15 in a Copa MX group-stage match against Chiapas Jaguar.
Career statistics
References
External links
Official Peñarol website (Spanish)
1992 births
Living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguayan people of Scottish descent
People from Artigas Department
Association football defenders
Peñarol players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Sud América players
Club Necaxa footballers
Atlético San Luis footballers
Alebrijes de Oaxaca players
Atlante F.C. footballers
Cerro Largo F.C. players
Rampla Juniors players
Club y Biblioteca Ramón Santamarina footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Serie A players
Liga MX players
Ascenso MX players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Monument to innocent murdered () is a memorial in the center of Rostov-on-Don, which was erected in memory of people from Rostov Oblast repressed between 1921 and 1961. The opening ceremony of the monument took place on October 30, 1994, during the commemoration of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of Political Repressions. Rostov Oblast Association of Victims of Political Repression "Memorial" and its Chairman, E. Yemelyanova initiated the monument's construction. A rally in memory of victims of political repression and floral tribute are held annually. Between 1921 and 1961, 90,000 people were repressed, 16,300 of which were killed. Burial sites remain unknown.
Description
Three concrete stelae and a mournful wall are main elements of the memorial. The basement of the central stele is painted black; its top is painted white and brick-red. A Latin cross is fixed in the middle of the composition. The dedication is written on the both sides of the cross: "To innocent murdered" (). The Orthodox cross stands on the top of the monument, over symbolic grating. In front of the sculpture composition there are marble slabs with List of 192 Gulag camps and people's names who contributed to erection of the memorial. Symbols of different faiths and a symbol of the communist movement (Hammer, sickle and five-pointed star) are depicted in the back of the central stele. The mournful wall is located behind the central stele. Map of the USSR showing the Gulag work camps locations is depicted on it. Also, the wall provides information on victims of political repression for the country as a whole and for Rostov Oblast in particular.
The sculpture composition was vandalized more than twenty times. The memorial was restored with funding from the city administration in 2006. Marble facing plates have been replaced by metal. New information board was manufactured.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Russia
1994 sculptures
Tourist attractions in Rostov-on-Don
Vandalized works of art
Monuments and memorials in Rostov-on-Don
Cultural heritage monuments in Rostov-on-Don
Lions Head Mountain is a mountain summit located in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, in the U.S. state of Alaska. The peak is situated in the Kakuhan Range, northwest of Juneau, and east of Lynn Canal, on land managed by Tongass National Forest. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant since Lions Head Mountain rises 5,400 feet above the Berners River Valley in less than three miles. The peak's descriptive name was applied in 1867 by George Davidson, geographer with the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, because its serrated profile resembles a lion couchant. This name was published in the 1869 Coast Pilot, and officially adopted in 1929 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Lions Head Mountain has a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and cool summers. Weather systems coming off the Gulf of Alaska are forced upwards by the Coast Mountains (orographic lift), causing heavy precipitation in the form of rainfall and snowfall. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. This climate supports glaciers on the north side of this mountain. The months May through July offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing Lions Head Mountain.
See also
List of mountain peaks of Alaska
Geography of Alaska
References
External links
Lions Head Mountain: weather forecast
Photo of Phoebe, Lions Head Mountain, and Alaska Marine Highway System ferry
Mountains of Alaska
Mountains of Juneau, Alaska
Boundary Ranges
North American 1000 m summits
Binko may refer to:
Places
Mali
Binko, Koulikoro, commune in Mali
Binko, Sikasso, small town in Mali
Other uses
Binko, a talking ape in LostWinds (Wii-game)
is a Japanese actor.
Biography
In 2011, Kadowaki debuted in the television drama, Misaki Number One!!. At the time of their debut they were signed to Blooming Agency.
In 2013, Kadowaki became a hot topic because of a commercial for "Chocola BB Fe Charge (Eisai)", and appeared in the film School Girl Complex Hōsōbu Hen with Aoi Morikawa. In 2014, they appeared in the film Love's Whirlpool as a college student. The same year, Kadowaki earned their first main role in a drama in NTV's Sailor-fuku to Uchūbito (Alien)〜Chikyū ni Nokotta Saigo no 11-ri〜.
Them special skill was classical ballet, which they had studied for twelve years. During their second year in high school, they realized they had to abandon ballet. They did take advantage of their skills, and appeared in a commercial for Tokyo Gas as a ballerina.
Filmography
TV series
Films
Awards
References
External links
Official profile at Humanite
Japanese television actores
1992 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
The Women's 100 metre breaststroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 20 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 19 June at 09:32.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 18 June at 18:29.
Final
The finals were started on 20 June at 19:48.
References
Women's 100 metre breaststroke
The Trichy Tollgate is a place on the outskirts of Trichy and traditionally used for collecting toll taxes from road users.
Junctions
The road splits into four directions as mentioned below:
one going towards Samayapuram and further towards Chennai
one going towards Namakkal, Erode, Coimbatore, Salem, Bangalore
one towards Trichy City
one towards Lalgudi. Jeyamkondam
This is a major junction point in the region. As the location is near to the city, many apartments are built and being built. The place is growing rapidly.
Those who want to go to Samayapuram Mariamman Temple, they get down at Tollgate and take another bus from there. Also Tollgate is very near to one of the famous Hindu temple: Utthamar Kovil, temple of Lord Shiva, Vishnu and Bhrama
All town buses which go to Samayapuram will pass through Tollgate.
Neighbourhoods and suburbs of Tiruchirappalli
Mittleres Nordfriesland is an Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Its seat is in Bredstedt. It was formed on 1 April 2008 from the former Ämter Bredstedt-Land and Stollberg, and the town Bredstedt.
The Amt Mittleres Nordfriesland consists of the following municipalities:
Ahrenshöft
Almdorf
Bargum
Bohmstedt
Bordelum
Bredstedt
Breklum
Drelsdorf
Goldebek
Goldelund
Högel
Joldelund
Kolkerheide
Langenhorn
Lütjenholm
Ockholm
Sönnebüll
Struckum
Vollstedt
References
Ämter in Schleswig-Holstein
Saguache County (suh-WATCH ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,368. The county seat is Saguache.
History
Saguache County was formed December 29, 1866 in the Territory of Colorado when it was extracted from the northern half of Costilla County. A partition from Lake County on February 9, 1872, added the northwest section of the present-day county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water. It is the 7th largest of Colorado's 64 counties.
Adjacent counties
Chaffee County - north
Fremont County - northeast
Custer County - east
Huerfano County - southeast
Rio Grande County - south
Alamosa County - south
Mineral County - southwest
Hinsdale County - southwest
Gunnison County - northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 285
State Highway 17
State Highway 112
State Highway 114
National protected areas
Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve
Great Sand Dunes Wilderness
Gunnison National Forest
La Garita Wilderness
Rio Grande National Forest
Sangre de Cristo Wilderness
Trails and byways
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Great Parks Bicycle Route
Liberty Road historic mail route open to foot, horse, and bicycle travel between Crestone and the ghost towns of Duncan and Liberty crossing the Baca Mountain Tract Rio Grande National Forest.
Medano Pass Primitive Road
Montville Nature Trail
Mosca Pass Trail
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Sand Ramp Trail, a hiking trail within the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve which skirts the east and north of the dune field.
Western Express Bicycle Route
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,917 people, 2,300 households, and 1,557 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 3,087 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 71.29% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 2.06% Native American, 0.46% Asian, 23.00% from other races, and 3.08% from two or more races. 45.26% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,300 households, out of which 33.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.70% were married couples living together, 11.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.30% were non-families. 26.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.40% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 26.90% from 45 to 64, and 10.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 101.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,495, and the median income for a family was $29,405. Males had a median income of $25,158 versus $18,862 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,121. About 18.70% of families and 22.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.60% of those under age 18 and 12.50% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like many Colorado counties with a strong Hispanic presence, Saguache leans Democratic in Presidential elections. The last Republican to carry the county was Ronald Reagan in 1984.
Communities
Towns
Bonanza
Center
Crestone
Moffat
Saguache
Unincorporated Communities
Alder
Bonita
Chester
Duncan
Iris
Kerper
La Garita
Liberty
Mineral Hot Springs
Parkville
Sargents
Spook City
Villa Grove
National Register of Historic Places
Saguache County has nine locations listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado counties
Colorado municipalities
State of Colorado
References
Further reading
Lindsey, D.A. et al. (1985). Mineral resources of the Black Canyon and South Piney Creek Wilderness Study Areas, Saguache County, Colorado [U.S. Geological Survey Bulletin 1716-A]. Washington, D.C.: U.S Department of the Interior, U.S. Geological Survey.
External links
Crestone and Saguache County Visitor's Agency website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
Colorado placenames of Native American origin
1866 establishments in Colorado Territory
San Luis Valley of Colorado
Populated places established in 1866
Pullman–Standard Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 121 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in a predominantly residential section of Hammond. It developed between about 1916 and 1918, with some later additions, and includes notable example of Colonial Revival and Bungalow / American Craftsman styles of residential architecture. Most of the homes were originally constructed by the United States Housing Corporation as Industrial Housing Project No. 457. There are three main housing types: Single-family dwellings, duplexes, and quadplexes.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The women's 58 kilograms weightlifting event was the third women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 58 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 11, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 12:30, and Group A, at 15:30. This event was the fourth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Marina Shainova of Russia originally won the silver medal, but they were disqualified after a re-analysis of their 2008 sample tested positive for steroids.
New records
References
Page 2633
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Women's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olymp
Zoroastrian prayer is performed for the worship of Ahura Mazda. The Zoroastrian place of worship is known as a fire temple.
See also
Ashem Vohu
Ahuna Vairya
References
Zoroastrianism
Prayer
Eskiçöte, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v Mardon [1976] EWCA Civ 4 is an English contract law case, concerning misrepresentation. It holds that the divide between a statement of opinion and fact becomes more factual if one holds themselves out as having expert knowledge.
Facts
Mr Mardon was buying a petrol station franchised by Esso Petroleum Co Ltd. Esso told them they had estimated that the throughput of a petrol station in Eastbank Street, Southport, would be 200,000 gallons a year; however, the local council had made a decision regarding planning permission which meant that there would be no direct access from the main street and therefore fewer customers. The estimate provided by Esso did not take this into account despite their knowledge of the decision. Mr Mardon bought the petrol station and business did not go well. From 1964, Mr Mardon negotiated a lower rent with Esso but was still losing money. Esso then brought an action for possession against Mr Mardon, who counterclaimed for damages of Esso's breach of warranty or negligence under Hedley Byrne.
Lawson J held there was no contractual warranty and damages for negligent misstatement were limited to losses before 1964. Mr Mardon appealed.
Judgment
Lord Denning MR held there was a contractual warranty and damages were not limited.
Lord Denning MR distinguished Bisset v Wilkinson because each party was 'equally able to form an opinion.' The damages awarded were for the loss suffered, not the loss of a bargain. They went on and said, if there had been no warranty (which there was) there would still be negligent misrepresentation liability in tort. It was argued that when a contract resulted, there was no tort liability, relying on Clark v Kirby-Smith, when Plowman J said a negligent solicitor was not liable in tort, only contract, based on Sir Wilfrid Greene MR in Groom v Crocker. But these were old and the tort duty 'is comparable to the duty of reasonable care which is owed by a master to their servant, or vice versa'.
There is a duty to negotiate with care,
Ormrod and Shaw LJJ concurred.
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
Lord Denning cases
1976 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1976 in case law
ExxonMobil litigation
Standard Oil
Lakeridge Health Ajax and Pickering is a hospital in Ajax, Ontario, Canada that is operated by Lakeridge Health. The hospital opened in 1954 as the Ajax and Pickering General Hospital.
It was founded in 1954 as the Ajax and Pickering General Hospital with 38 patient beds. New four-storey wings were added in 1964 and 1994. A major $80 million redevelopment project was completed in 2010. Almost 25 percent of the hospital was renovated.
Management of the site was transferred from Rouge Valley Health System to Lakeridge Health effective December 1, 2016.
Services
The hospital has a capacity of 144 beds, and is raising $5 million to procure a new magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine to support the large population growth in the area. The Emergency Department was originally designed to accommodate 20,000 visits a year, but now routinely handles 45,000. It is equipped with a helipad for medical evacuations.
In fall 2019, an additional 22-bed inpatient mental health unit was planned to open at this hospital to support mental health services.
The services offered by the Ajax Pickering Hospital are as follows: The Shoulder Centre, inpatient and outpatient surgery, women's and children's health, critical care, diagnostic imaging, outpatient mental health services, cardiac care, diabetes education and laboratory services.
Heliport
The hospital is equipped with a ground level heliport located to the southwest near the wood area. Patients will need to travel by ambulance from heliport to the interior of the building to get to the emergency department.
References
External links
Hospital buildings completed in 1954
Hospitals in the Regional Municipality of Durham
Heliports in Ontario
Ajax, Ontario
Certified airports in Ontario
A wing is a type of fin that produces lift while moving through air or some other fluid. Accordingly, wings have streamlined cross-sections that are subject to aerodynamic forces and act as airfoils. A wing's aerodynamic efficiency is expressed as its lift-to-drag ratio. The lift a wing generates at a given speed and angle of attack can be one to two orders of magnitude greater than the total drag on the wing. A high lift-to-drag ratio requires a significantly smaller thrust to propel the wings through the air at sufficient lift.
Lifting structures used in water include various foils, such as hydrofoils. Hydrodynamics is the governing science, rather than aerodynamics. Applications of underwater foils occur in hydroplanes, sailboats and submarines.
Etymology and usage
For many centuries, the word "wing", from the Old Norse vængr, referred mainly to the foremost limbs of birds (in addition to the architectural aisle). But in recent centuries the word's meaning has extended to include lift producing appendages of insects, bats, pterosaurs, boomerangs, some sail boats and aircraft, or the inverted airfoil on a race car that generates a downward force to increase traction.
Aerodynamics
The design and analysis of the wings of aircraft is one of the principal applications of the science of aerodynamics, which is a branch of fluid mechanics. In principle, the properties of the airflow around any moving object can be found by solving the Navier-Stokes equations of fluid dynamics. However, except for simple geometries these equations are notoriously difficult to solve and simpler equations are used.
For a wing to produce lift, it must be oriented at a suitable angle of attack. When this occurs, the wing deflects the airflow downwards as it passes the wing. Since the wing exerts a force on the air to change its direction, the air must also exert an equal and opposite force on the wing.
Cross-sectional shape
An airfoil (American English) or aerofoil (British English) is the shape of a wing, blade (of a propeller, rotor, or turbine), or sail (as seen in cross-section). Wings with an asymmetrical cross-section are the norm in subsonic flight. Wings with a symmetrical cross-section can also generate lift by using a positive angle of attack to deflect air downward. Symmetrical airfoils have higher stalling speeds than cambered airfoils of the same wing area but are used in aerobatic aircraft as they provide practical performance whether the aircraft is upright or inverted. Another example comes from sailboats, where the sail is a thin membrane with no path-length difference between one side and the other.
For flight speeds near the speed of sound (transonic flight), airfoils with complex asymmetrical shapes are used to minimize the drastic increase in drag associated with airflow near the speed of sound. Such airfoils, called supercritical airfoils, are flat on top and curved on the bottom.
Design features
Aircraft wings may feature some of the following:
A rounded leading edge cross-section
A sharp trailing edge cross-section
Leading-edge devices such as slats, slots, or extensions
Trailing-edge devices such as flaps or flaperons (combination of flaps and ailerons)
Winglets to keep wingtip vortices from increasing drag and decreasing lift
Dihedral, or a positive wing angle to the horizontal, increases spiral stability around the roll axis, whereas anhedral, or a negative wing angle to the horizontal, decreases spiral stability.
Aircraft wings may have various devices, such as flaps or slats that the pilot uses to modify the shape and surface area of the wing to change its operating characteristics in flight.
Ailerons (usually near the wingtips) to roll the aircraft clockwise or counterclockwise about its long axis
Spoilers on the upper surface to disrupt the lift and to provide additional traction to an aircraft that has just landed but is still moving.
Vortex generators mitigate flow separation at low speeds and high angles of attack, especially over control surfaces.
Wing fences to keep flow attached to the wing by stopping boundary layer separation from spreading roll direction.
Folding wings allow more aircraft storage in the confined space of the hangar deck of an aircraft carrier
Variable-sweep wing or "swing wings" that allow outstretched wings during low-speed flight (i.e., take-off and landing) and swept back wings for high-speed flight (including supersonic flight), such as in the F-111 Aardvark, the F-14 Tomcat, the Panavia Tornado, the MiG-23, the MiG-27, the Tu-160 and the B-1B Lancer warplanes
Strakes to improve flight characteristics
Chine, which may blend into the wing
Leading-edge droop flap, a high-lift device
Fairings, structures whose primary function is to produce a smooth outline and reduce drag. For example, flap track fairings
Wings may have other minor independent surfaces.
Applications and variants
Besides fixed-wing aircraft, applications for wing shapes include:
Hang gliders, which use wings ranging from fully flexible (paragliders, gliding parachutes), flexible (framed sail wings), to rigid
Kites, which use a variety of surfaces to attain lift and maintain stability
Flying model airplanes
Helicopters, which use a rotating wing with a variable pitch angle to provide directional forces
Propellers, whose blades generate lift for propulsion.
The NASA Space Shuttle, which uses its wings only to glide during its descent to a runway. These types of aircraft are called spaceplanes.
Some racing cars, especially Formula One cars, which use upside-down wings (or airfoils) to provide greater traction at high speeds.
Sailboats, which use flexible cloth sails as vertical wings with variable fullness and direction to move across water.
Hydrofoils, which use rigid wing shaped structures to lift a vessel out of the water to reduce drag and increase speed.
In nature
In nature, wings have evolved in insects, pterosaurs, dinosaurs (birds), and mammals (bats) as a means of locomotion. Various species of penguins and other flighted or flightless water birds such as auks, cormorants, guillemots, shearwaters, eider and scoter ducks and diving petrels are avid swimmers, and use their wings to propel through water.
Wing forms in nature
Tensile structures
In 1948, Francis Rogallo invented a kite-like tensile wing supported by inflated or rigid struts, which ushered in new possibilities for aircraft. Near in time, Domina Jalbert invented flexible un-sparred ram-air airfoiled thick wings. These two new branches of wings have been since extensively studied and applied in new branches of aircraft, especially altering the personal recreational aviation landscape.
See also
Flight
Natural world:
Bat flight
Bird flight
Flight feather
Flying and gliding animals
Insect flight
List of soaring birds
Samara (winged seeds of trees)
Aviation:
Aircraft
Blade solidity
FanWing and Flettner airplane (experimental wing types)
Flight dynamics (fixed-wing aircraft)
Kite types
Ornithopter – Flapping-wing aircraft (research prototypes, simple toys and models)
Otto Lilienthal
Wing configuration
Wing root
Wingsuit flying
Sailing:
Sails
Forces on sails
Wingsail
References
External links
How Wings Work - Holger Babinsky Physics Education 2003
How Airplanes Fly: A Physical Description of Lift
Demystifying the Science of Flight – Audio segment on NPR's Talk of the Nation Science Friday
NASA's explanations and simulations
Flight of the StyroHawk wing
See How It Flies
Aerodynamics
Aerospace technologies
Aircraft wing components
Bird anatomy
Bird flight
Insect anatomy
Mammal anatomy
es:Ala (zoología)
Craig L. Thrasher (born December 16, 1970, in Chardon, Ohio) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics, finishing 38th in the downhill race. They currently have a wife named Cathryn and three children.
References
1970 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
People from Chardon, Ohio
Hong Seung-yeon (born 17 April 1992) is an inactive South Korean female tennis player.
They have career-high WTA rankings of 536 in singles, achieved on 22 May 2017, and 407 in doubles, reached on 21 September 2015.
Hong made their WTA Tour main-draw debut at the 2010 Hansol Korea Open doubles tournament where they partnered Han Sung-hee, losing in the first round.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: 14 (7 titles, 7 runner-ups)
External links
1992 births
Living people
South Korean female tennis players
Kirstine Stewart (born c. 1968) is a media executive and author who is currently the Head of Shaping the Future of Media at the World Economic Forum. They were formerly the head of English language services at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, vice-president of media at Twitter, and chief revenue officer of Tribalscale.
Stewart was born in Canada to British emigrants who came to Canada in the 1960s.  They are the eldest of their two daughters. They attended Milton District High School, where they were named an Ontario Scholar at age sixteen. Stewart earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Toronto in 1988, majoring in English with a minor in business. Stewart is married to Zaib Shaikh, the former star of Little Mosque and the current consul general of Canada in Los Angeles.
Career
Stewart first became prominent as head of programming for Alliance Atlantis cable channels, including HGTV, Food Network, National Geographic and BBC Canada. Before that, they worked in the United States where they headed up international television broadcasting for Hallmark Channels worldwide.
They then joined the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 2006 as executive director of programming for CBC Television. Known as Kirstine Layfield at the time, they later returned to using their birth surname, Stewart. Them tenure with CBC Television was noted for popular series such as Little Mosque on the Prairie, Dragons' Den, The Tudors, Battle of the Blades, Murdoch Mysteries and Being Erica, which revived the network's primetime ratings after a number of years of decline.
On April 29, 2013, Stewart resigned from their position with the CBC after accepting a position at Twitter. They led Twitter's expansion into Canada, and moved to New York where they successfully oversaw North American partnerships across all verticals.
On September 20, 2016, Stewart left their position at Twitter to join the content publisher Diply as their chief strategy officer. Under their flight attendantship, Diply was named an EY Young Entrepreneur of the Year, won NextMedia's Digi Awards Company of the Year, and ranked first in Deloitte's Fast50 Tech Growth Companies in Canada.
On January 30, 2018, it was announced that Stewart had joined TribalScale, a global innovation firm headquartered in Toronto. They presided over the launch of TribalScale Venture Studios.
Stewart's book Our Turn, published by Random House in 2015, is a national best-seller about leadership.
They also formerly sat on the board of Kognitiv, theScore, and WOW Entertainment. Stewart was also a member of the DMZ Advisory Council, and a mentor for theBIGPush.
References
Canadian television executives
Women television executives
Living people
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation people
Twitter, Inc. people
University of Toronto alumni
Businesspeople from Toronto
Canadian women business executives
Year of birth missing (living people)
The FIBA Women's European Championship for Small Countries is the lowest-ranked tier of the biannual FIBA EuroBasket Women competition, organized by FIBA Europe.
History
This championship was first introduced in 1989, as the Promotion Cup, the competition organized for the lowest ranked European national basketball teams. Since then, the competition has been held biannually. In 2007, the Promotion Cup was officially renamed EuroBasket Division C.
In 2011, after the divisional system for the FIBA EuroBasket was abolished, the FIBA EuroBasket Division C was renamed FIBA European Championship for Small Countries.
Results
Performance
References
External links
2018 FIBA Women's European Championship for Small Countries at FIBA official website
Small Countries
1989 establishments in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 1989
Concord was a historic mansion in Natchez, Mississippi. Built in 1789, it was the official residence of the Spanish Governors of Mississippi before it joined the United States. It was then acquired by the Minor family, who owned many Southern plantations, followed by a banker from New York. It burnt down in 1901.
History
The mansion was built for Carlos de Grand Pré in 1789. It was then known as Grand Pre. It was later acquired by Manuel Gayoso de Lemos, who renamed it Concord. Their wife, Princess Theresa de Hopman of Portugal, died at Concord. Significant restoration was completed in 1794 or 1795.
The mansion was then acquired by Stephen Minor, a banker and plantation owner. Their son, William J. Minor, also a planter, inherited the mansion. In the era of the Confederate States of America, both President Jefferson Davis and Secretary of State Judah P. Benjamin were guests.
It was later acquired by Dr Stephen Kelly, a banker.
It burnt down in 1901.
Description
The mansion was designed in the Spanish architectural style. Inside there were two circular staircases with marble steps.
References
Houses in Natchez, Mississippi
Houses completed in 1789
1901 fires
Ratu Penijamini Veli (1874 – 27 August 1938) was a Fijian chief, civil servant and politician. They served as a member of the Legislative Council from 1937 until their death the following year.
Biography
Born in 1874, Veli joined the civil service in the mid-1890s. They became a sub-inspector of native constabulary in 1906, before being appointed Roko Tui of Macuata Province in 1909. Although they later retired, they were subsequently reappointed to the post.
The Legislative Council was reconstituted prior to the 1937 elections to have five Fijian nominated members, who were chosen by the Governor from a list of ten submitted by the Great Council of Chiefs. Veli was one of the ten nominated, and subsequently one of the five chosen by Governor Arthur Richards. In April 1938 they were awarded a Certificate of Honour by the Governor.
They died in August the following year.
References
1874 births
Fijian chiefs
Fijian civil servants
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
1938 deaths
Angiofibroma (AGF) is a descriptive term for a wide range of benign skin or mucous membrane (i.e. the outer membrane lining body cavities such as the mouth and nose) lesions in which individuals have: 1) benign papules, i.e. pinhead-sized elevations that lack visible evidence of containing fluid; 2) nodules, i.e. small firm lumps usually >0.1 cm in diameter; and/or 3) tumors, i.e. masses often regarded as ~0.8 cm or larger. AGF lesions share common macroscopic (i.e. gross) and microscopic appearances. Grossly, AGF lesions consist of multiple papules, one or more skin-colored to erythematous, dome-shaped nodules, or usually just a single tumor. Microscopically, they consist of spindle-shaped and stellate-shaped cells centered around dilated and thin-walled blood vessels in a background of coarse bundles of collagen (i.e. the main fibrous component of connective tissue). Angiofibromas have been divided into different types but commonly a specific type was given multiple and very different names in different studies. The following list gives a brief description of the AFG types and their alternate names.
Cutaneous angiofibroma: This papule, nodule, and/or tumor lesions occur on the: 1) face and are typically termed fibrous papules; 2) penis and are typically termed pearly penile papules; and 3) underneath a fingernail or toenail and are typically termed periungual angiofibromas. Some of these cutaneous AGF lesions occur in individuals with one or more of 3 different genetic diseases: tuberous sclerosis, multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1, and Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome. The following are examples of these cutaneous angiofibromas and their alternate names.
Fibrous papules are also termed facial angiofibromas and were formerly and incorrectly termed adenoma sebaceum (fibrous papules are unrelated to sebaceous glands). They develop in up to 8% of the general adult population and occur as 1 to 3 pink to red, dome-shaped papules in the central areas of the face, nose, and/or lips. About 75% of individuals with tuberous sclerosis present with fibrous papules in their infancy or early childhood; when associated with this rare disease, the lesions often occur as multiple papules in symmetrical, butterfly-shaped patterns over both cheeks and the nose. Fibrous papules also occur in individuals with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 (a study done in Japan found that 43% of individuals with this genetic disease bore facial angiofibromas) and, uncommonly, in individuals with Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome.
Pearly penile papules are also termed hirsuties coronae glandis, papillae coronae glandis, papillomatosis corona penis, corona capillitii, and hirsutoid papillomas. These lesions develop in up to 30% of males during their puberty or, less commonly, early adulthood. They typically occur as numerous white-colored to skin-colored papules located circumferentially around the corona of the penis or, less commonly, the ventromedial aspect of the corona near the penis's frenulum. (Vestibular papillomatosis, also named hirsutoid vulvar papillomas, vulvar squamous papillomatosis, micropapillomatosis labialis, and squamous vestibular micropapilloma, is the female equivalent of pearly penile papules in men. It has not been formally termed an angiofibroma.)
Periungual angiofibromas are also termed Koenen's tumors, periungual fibromas, and subungual fibromas. In addition, these tumors were formerly regarded as a type of acral angiofibroma (see below description). These lesions present as multiple nodules or tumors under multiple finger and/or toe nails of individuals with tuberous sclerosis or in one case the Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome. Periungual angiofibromas have also been reported to occur in individuals that do not have these genetic diseases. Periungual angiofibromas tumors can be highly mutilating finger/toe-nail lesions.
Oral fibromas are also termed irritation fibromas, focal fibrous hyperplasia, and traumatic fibromas. These lesions are nodules that occur on the buccal mucosa (i.e. mucous membranes lining the cheeks and back of the lips) or lateral tongue. They may be irritating or asymptomatic and are the most common tumor-like lesions in the oral cavity. Oral fibromas are not neoplasms; they are hyperplastic (i.e. overgrowth) reactions of fibrous tissue to local trauma or chronic irritation.
Nasopharyngeal angiofibromas, also termed juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibromas, fibromatous hamartomas, or angiofibromatous hamartoma of the nasal cavity, are large benign tumors (average size 5.9 cm in one study) that develop almost exclusively in males aged 9 to 36 years old. They commonly arise in the nasopharynx (i.e. upper part of the throat that lies behind the nose) and typically have attachments to the sphenopalatine foramen, clivus, and/or root of the pterygoid processes of the sphenoid bone. These tumors may expand into various other nearby structures including the cranial cavity. Nasopharyngeal angiofibromas are highly vascularized tumors consisting of fibroblasts (i.e. connective tissue cells) in a dense collagen matrix (i.e. tissue background). Studies have suggested that these tumors are due to the expression of male sex hormones (i.e. androgens and progesterones), genetic factors, molecular alterations (i.e. changes in the normal characteristics of cells that lead to abnormal cell growth), and/or human papillomavirus infection.
Angiofibroma of soft tissue is also named angiofibroma, not otherwise specified, by the World Health Organization, 2020. The Organization also classified these lesions as in the category of benign fibroblastic and myofibroblastic tumors. These tumors more often afflict females, typically occur in adults (median age 49 years), have a median size of ~3.5 cm, and develop in a leg near to, and may invade, a large joint. Less uncommonly, they occur in the back, abdominal wall, pelvic cavity, or breast. Angiofibroma of soft tissue tumors consist of uniform, bland, spindle-shaped cells and a prominent vascular network consisting of small thin-walled branching blood vessels in a variably collagenous tissue background. Its tumor cells contain an AHRR-NCOA2 fusion gene in 60% to 80% of cases and a GTF2I-NCOA2 or GAB1-ABL1 fusion gene in rare cases.
Cellular angiofibroma is usually a small, slow-growing tumor arising in the vulva-vaginal areas of adult woman and the inguinal-scrotal areas of adult men although some of these tumors, especially in men, can grow up to 25 cm. Affected men are usually older (7th decade) than women (5th decade). Less commonly. cellular angiofibromas have occurred in various other superficial soft tissue areas throughout the body. These tumors are edematous (i.e. abnormally swollen with fluid), highly vascular, spindle-shaped cell lesions with a variable amount of fibrous stroma. In 2020, the World Health Organization classified cellular angiofibroma tumors in the category of benign fibroblastic/myofibroblastic tumors. The tumor cells in these lesions contain chromosome and gene abnormalities including a loss of one of the two RB1 genes. It has been suggested that the loss of this gene contributes to the development of cellular angiofibroma tumors.
Acral angiofibromas are also termed superficial acral fibromyxomas, digital fibromyxomas, acquired digital fibrokeratomas, acquired periungual fibrokeratomas, garlic clove fibromas, digital fibromas, and cellular digital fibromas. At one time, periungual angiofibromas were regarded as a type of acral angiofibroma (see above description). Acral refers to distal sites of the ears, nose, hands, fingers, feet, and toes. Acral angifibromeae occur primarily in areas close to the nails of fingers and toes (~80% of cases) or, less commonly, palms of the hands or soles of the feet. The tissues of this tumor consists of bland spindle-shaped and star-shaped cells within a collagen fiber-rich stroma containing prominent blood vessels and mast cells.
See also
List of cutaneous conditions
Tuberous sclerosis
multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome
References
External links
Cutaneous conditions
Dermal and subcutaneous growths
Connective and soft tissue neoplasms
Benign neoplasms
Guttenberg is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
The town is closely tied to House of Guttenberg, who have been associated with the locality since the Middle Ages and still own most of the land in the area.
A landmark in the municipality is the Guttenberg Castle, the seat of the Guttenberg family.
The municipality's coat of arms is derived from that of the Guttenberg family.
Famous people
Enoch zu Guttenberg (1946–2018), conductor
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg (born 1971), their son, CSU politician and former Federal Minister.
Neighbourhoods
Guttenberg is made up of the following neighbourhoods:
References
Kulmbach (district)
MagoII, also known as Magon (, ), was Shofet of Carthage from 396 to 375 BCE, and was a member of the Magonid dynasty. They became Shofet after the suicide of Himilco II in 396 BCE and was succeeded by Mago III (or Himilco Mago) in 375 BCE.
Their reign started during wars with the Greeks of Sicily, who under the leadership of Dionysius I of Syracuse had defeated their predecessor. They quelled a rebellion in Libya, and made peace with Syracuse at the expense of their Sicilian allies the Sicels.
War broke out again at the end of their reign and they died in the Carthaginian defeat of the Battle of Cabala, they were succeeded by their son, also called Mago "Himilco Mago" who led the Carthaginians to a great victory against Dionysius at the battle of Cronium.
See also
Magonids
References
Citations
Bibliography
.
Magonids
Monarchs of Carthage
4th-century BC rulers
4th-century BC Punic people
Francis Jackson Meriam (sometimes misspelled Merriam) was an American abolitionist, born on November 17, 1837, in Framingham, Massachusetts, and died on November 28, 1865, in New York City. They were named for their grandfather, Francis Jackson, who had been president of the American Anti-Slavery Society. Hinton describes them as "handsome, well-to-do, cultivated, and traveled". Instead of college, they lived in Paris for some time. In contrast, Sanborn described them as "enthusiastic and resolute, but with little judgment, and in feeble health; altogether, one would say, a very unfit person to take part actively in Brown's enterprise." They were blind in one eye.
They were the only one of John Brown's raiders who helped them financially.
Participation in John Brown's raid
Meriam is unique among Brown's raiders, as so far as is known, they are the only one to have sent Brown an application letter, asking to participate. They had previously gone to Kansas with a letter of introduction from Wendell Phillips, hoping to meet Brown, but did not find him. They wrote to John Brown on December 23, 1858, that they were going to Haiti for a few months. They continued: "I already consider this [Brown's project] the whole present business of my life. I am entirely free from any family ties which would impede my action. I was much disappointed in not meeting you in Kansas last winter, with a letter of recommendation from Wendell Phillips. Immediately upon my return in the spring, I should wish to be employed in any manner to be of service to you; and, if convenient, to go through your system of training which I propose studying."
In October 1859 they indirectly witnessed the raid on Harpers Ferry led by John Brown. They remained at the Kennedy Farm in Maryland, "to guard the arms and ammunition stored on the premises, until it should be time to move them." Once they learned the raid turned badly, they managed to escape.
After Harpers Ferry
Captain in the Union Army in the Third South Carolina Colored Infantry during the Civil War (at the time, all colored units had white officers), Meriam was wounded in the leg during an engagement under Grant. After the war, they "went to Mexico to join [Benito] Juárez in 1865. They have not since been heard from."
Notes
1837 births
1865 deaths
American abolitionists
American rebels
American revolutionaries
Participants in John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry
People from Framingham, Massachusetts
24th Cavalry Division may refer to:
24th Cavalry Division (Soviet Union)
24th Cavalry Division (United States)
WMSE (91.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, playing a wide-ranging eclectic music format run by volunteer DJs. The station is part of the Milwaukee School of Engineering (MSOE).
History
Early history of MSOE stations
On July 22, 1922, a broadcasting license was issued jointly to the School of Engineering of Milwaukee and the daily evening newspaper, The Wisconsin News, which was owned by the Hearst Corporation. The call letters assigned (sequentially, they had no meaning) were WIAO. Since December 1, 1921, radio stations had been assigned two wavelengths: 360 meters (833 kHz) for "broadcasting news, concerts and such matter", and 485 meters (619 kHz) for "broadcasting crop reports and weather forecasts". As such, WIAO was licensed to broadcast on a wavelength of 360 meters (833.3 kHz). Although its license called for "unlimited" time at a power of 500 Watts, the fact that the three other Milwaukee stations: WAAK (Gimbel Brothers department store), WCAY (Kesselman O'Driscol Music Co.) and WHAD (Marquette University), were also licensed for the 360 meter band, meant that WIAO had to share time with them.
At 10:15 a.m. on October 23 of that year, WIAO went on the air from the school's Marshall Street building with 100 watts of power, using a student-built transmitter. That power level was formalized on January 9, 1923 when a new license was issued.
On July 23, 1923, another new license was issued — this time solely to the School of Engineering — specifying a power level of 200 Watts. The power level was reduced to 100 watts on October 9.
In January 1924, The Wisconsin News, began programming the station on a part-time basis. On May 31, 1924, the station was authorized to shift its frequency to 246 meters (1220 kHz). The station did so at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, June 9. On August 18 of that year, WIAO changed its call letters to WSOE. On December 31, the school announced that it had purchased all of the equipment of WCBD in Zion, Illinois (one of the first religious stations, which also preached "flat earth" information). The purchase included a new, more powerful (500 Watt) transmitter and twin towers, which were mounted atop the school's Oneida (now Wells) Street building. The new WSOE was dedicated on July 8, 1925. At that time, The Wisconsin News took over programming the station full-time, while the School of Engineering took care of technical operations. Formal approval of the power increase was issued on July 15.
The authorized power level was increased to 1,000 watts on April 21, 1927.
At 3:00 a.m. on June 15, 1927, the first of two major reassignments of radio frequencies made by the new Federal Radio Commission (FRC) took effect. The reassignment affected almost 600 of the nation's 694 radio stations. WSOE was shifted to a wavelength of 270 meters (1110 kHz).
The Journal Co. had programmed Marquette University's station, WHAD, since January 1925. It couldn't come to a satisfactory agreement with them on where to take the station, and at the suggestion of a Federal Radio Commissioner, decided to purchase another. On April 20, 1927, The Journal Co. purchased WKAF.
On June 1, 1927, WSOE was shifted to a frequency of 1110 kHz and its power reduced to 500 Watts. WHAD was assigned to a wavelength of 293 meters (1020 kHz), and ordered to share time with WKAF until the Journal Co. took over the latter station, at which time WHAD would be moved to another frequency. That happened on July 25, 1927, and the call letters were changed to WTMJ.
As a result, WHAD was shifted to 270 meters (1110 kHz) on September 15, and ordered to share time with WSOE. On October 15, WSOE's power was cut to 250 Watts.
To compete with WTMJ, The Wisconsin News entered into a lease arrangement with the School of Engineering on November 15, 1927. The lease was for a minimum of three years. The agreement specified that the newspaper was to "operate the station and furnish all financial support while its ownership and technical supervision was to remain in the hands of the school." Subsequent license applications filed on January 11 & 12 were filed in the name of the School of Engineering and The Wisconsin News, respectively.
To reflect the new arrangement, The Wisconsin News changed the call letters of WSOE to WISN on January 23, 1928.
With the issuance of its General Order 40 on August 30, 1928, the FRC assigned WISN a new wavelength of 267 meters (1120 kHz) at 250 Watts of power. The new assignment took effect on November 11. It was also ordered to share time with WHAD, with WISN receiving six-sevenths of the available time, and WHAD one-seventh. The studios, transmitter and towers were still located at the School of Engineering. WHAD had objected to the time-share arrangement with WISN, but its request to shift to 900 kHz was denied by the FRC on October 22.
WISN applied for permission to increase its power to 1000 Watts on July 29, 1930, and it was granted by the FRC on September 12. The station was sold to The Wisconsin News in November of that year.
The station continued to be located at the School of Engineering until 1932. That year, the School of Engineering reorganized itself as a non-profit corporation, and changed its name to the Milwaukee School of Engineering (MSOE). It moved from the Oneida Street building after purchasing the German-English Academy on North Broadway Street. Hearst also owned the morning newspaper, The Milwaukee Sentinel, and the WISN station offices and studios were relocated to its building on Michigan Avenue. The transmitter and tower were relocated to the top of the Milwaukee Electric Railway & Light Co.'s Public Service Building, and the newspaper took over operational responsibility for WISN.
WSOE, WMSE
In 1968, MSOE students signed on another station using the call letters WSOE (which were not officially assigned). This time, it was an unlicensed carrier current AM station. Transmitters were installed in each of the two dormitories, and carried via a low power wireless microphone type transmitter operating on 91.7 MHz from the studio two blocks away. Although intended as a "studio-transmitter link", the FM signal could be picked up on campus by anyone with an FM radio. In July 1978, MSOE students applied for an FM construction permit for an educational station on 91.7 MHz—although the application was in the name of the school's board of regents. The school received a construction permit on December 12, 1979.
The call letters "WSOE" had been given to the newly formed college radio station at Elon University in 1977. MSOE's very own 1000-watt FM station, WMSE, applied for its license and officially began programming on March 17, 1981. Programming consisted of an eclectic mix of freeform programming from volunteer DJs. Most DJs have three-hour time slots, and program as they wish, mostly within their chosen formats.
In 1988-89 there was a brief period of controversy for the station as it banned the musical genre heavy metal, arguably WMSE's most well-publicized late night programming. A small backlash was aided by local musician advocates, as well as record producer Eric Greif, which included an organized advertising boycott which was covered by the Wisconsin media.
In 1994, the station upgraded its equipment and increased its power to 3200 watts. In the late 1990s the station expanded its potential audience through its website, wmse.org, which supports live streaming audio as well as downloadable archives. In 1999, the university cut the station's funding, and it is now entirely listener and sponsor supported, with most money being raised by twice-yearly on-air fund drives.
Since 2003, WMSE has released a series of CD compilations featuring performances recorded live in the station's studio.
Fund Raising Activities
Up until 1997, fund raising events were limited to underwriting from local businesses. In exchange for financial support, businesses received mention on the air at the beginning and end of certain programming hours. While on-air underwriting remains, in 1997 WMSE held its first on-air pledge drive and also introduced the Club Card for purchase which offered discounts at area business.
After funding from the college was cut, WMSE became even more dependent on listener support. The station allots two weeks out of the year, one in the fall and one in the spring in which listeners can pledge. These pledge drive typically include numerous on-air live performances from both local and national artists. Though there are designated times for donation, WMSE accepts any donations at any time in the year.
They also hold an annual Rockabilly Chili Contest and a Food Slam Competition that many local businesses participate in.
For their 25th anniversary on March 17, 2006, they made available several limited edition prints of works donated by local artists for individuals who donated above a certain level.
Projects
In 2004, WMSE launched the Milwaukee Sound Environment (M.S.E.) Project, a music resource for Milwaukee area artists and listeners. Established with a grant from the Milwaukee Arts Board and the Wisconsin Arts Board, The M.S.E. Project web site includes music news, Mp3's from local artists, and FAQs for bands interested in getting their music heard on the station. The project also established a dedicated time-slot for live in-studio performances.
Schedule, Current Content
The broadcast day is divided into eight three-hour programs for a total of 56 programs during a week. Like much of college radio, DJs are not required to play song lists and a great deal of diversity exists between the 56 various shows. With the exception of the Blues Drive (Weekdays from 3pm-6pm), timeslots are not content specific. A frequently updated program schedule can be found here .
References
External links
WMSE
Milwaukee Sound Environment
Video DJ Profiles
WMSE censorship controversy (late 80s)
WMSE Cracks a Quarter-Century Shepherd Express'', August 16, 2006
MSE
MSE
Radio stations established in 1981
The Mann's Creek Railroad was a narrow gauge railroad that operated during the nineteenth- and twentieth-centuries in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States.
History
The Mann's Creek Railroad was constructed in 1886 to haul coal and lumber for the Babcock Coal and Coke Company, which owned and operated the line. The line followed Mann's Creek, a tributary of the New River, from the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway's mainline at Sewell for approximately to the community of Clifftop.
Due to the area's rugged terrain, construction of the line required numerous retaining walls and demolition of numerous cliffs. A high, long timber trestle was constructed over Glade Creek on a sharp horseshoe curve where the line deviated from the Mann's Creek in order to gain elevation. At Clifftop were the Babcock Coal and Coke Company's coal mines, which the railroad served by hauling coal down to 193 beehive coke ovens along the C&O mainline at Sewell.
References
Defunct West Virginia railroads
Railway companies established in 1886
Railway companies disestablished in 1955
3 ft gauge railways in the United States
Narrow gauge railroads in West Virginia
Ross Burkinshaw (born 10 August 1986) is an English former professional boxer who has won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) English Super flyweight title, bantamweight Commonwealth title beating Jason Cunningham and WBO European bantamweight Title. They have been a challenger for the BBBofC super flyweight title against Lee Haskins, the BBBofC English bantamweight title against Craig Lyon, and the BBBofC Central (England) Area super bantamweight title against Gavin McDonnell.
Before turning professional Ross had 55 amateur bouts, and also reached the finals of the ABA's in 2005.
Professional record
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_champ.jpg
References
External links
Official website
1986 births
Living people
Bantamweight boxers
English male boxers
Sportspeople from Sheffield
Super-flyweight boxers
Verity Credit Union is a not-for-profit credit union that was originally established in 1933 as Postal Works Credit Union #8 to serve members in select counties of Washington state. Verity has been member-owned since its inception. Verity's main branch is located in the Northgate neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Verity Credit Union has over $580 million in assets and more than 33,000 members. Verity Credit Union is noted for its social media endeavors and was the first financial institution to start a blog in 2004, which earned it a spot on Net.Banker's Innovator of the Year awards.
Branches
Verity Credit Union has eight branches throughout the Seattle metropolitan area.
Membership
Membership with Verity Credit Union is open to anyone who lives, works, worships or attends school in the state of Washington, as well as family members of an existing member or those who are employed within any of its affiliated organizations. Verity Credit Union also serves military employees, current and retired, and their extended families, located in 16 Washington counties.
Tonita Webb is the current CEO of Verity Credit Union.
References
External links
Official site
Our Voices, official blog
Credit unions based in Washington (state)
1933 establishments in Washington (state)
Companies based in Seattle
Joe Augustyn (born ) is an American screenwriter, film producer, and author.
Early life
Born in Philadelphia, Augustyn was the son of a factory worker and a hairdresser. Raised in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia, Augustyn attended St. Adalbert's parochial grade school before attending the public magnet school Central High School. They were briefly married to writer-editor Victoria Brownworth.
They pursued painting and cartooning before attending Temple University where they studied film theory and production. As a college first-year student they won a FOCUS Award in the film studies category for a paper analyzing the symbolism in Francis Ford Coppola's Apocalypse Now. The only undergrad among eleven winners, they were flown to Los Angeles for the ceremonies, and subsequently moved to Los Angeles to attend the AFI Conservatory for Advanced Film Studies as a producing-fellow. At their graduation review they were told by school director Tony Vellani that they held the record for the number of student productions he'd worked on.
Career
Following graduation from AFI they worked as an associate of Steve Golin and Joni Sighvatsson, who later went on to found Propaganda Films. After producing two features they retired from producing to focus exclusively on screenwriting, completing assignments for such companies as Tristar, Propaganda and countless indie producers. Augustyn's first feature, Night of the Demons, based on their original screenplay Halloween Party, was remade in 2008 by 7 Arts Productions, starring Shannon Elizabeth and Edward Furlong. Augustyn was not involved creatively in the remake and has pointed that out in interviews.
Their second feature film as writer-producer was Night Angel. Based on Augustyn's original spec screenplay titled Lilith, it was the first feature film based on the ancient legend of the arch-succubus Lilith. With their health compromised by the stress of this production, Augustyn subsequently retired from producing to focus on writing.
Their next produced screenplay was Night of the Demons 2 based on a story co-written with playwright James Penzi.
In 2001 Augustyn returned to Philadelphia to care for their elderly parents and after completing a few screenplay writing assignments and specs they began writing novels and short stories.
Augustyn's first novel The Nine Lives of Felicia Miller was published by Wildcat Press in 2012.
Paranormal Research
Besides writing fiction, Augustyn is an advocate for serious paranormal research, believing that scientific investigation into the metaphysical will reap benefits for humanity by confirming a spiritual aspect to the universe which in turn will foster greater respect among people and nations. They hold a Vedic view of reality, which holds that spirit precedes corporality, in the same way that energy generates matter, as well as a quantum connection of everything that exists on a spiritual level.
In 2014 they published Dead Rain: A Tale of the Zombie Apocalypse and Ghostwriter: The Polaroid Ghost & Other True Tales of the Paranormal, a non-fiction book of personal paranormal experiences including eyewitness accounts of events that took place in "the Wright House" (so named after the spirit that allegedly identified itself by name, writing on Polaroid film in ectoplasmic scrawl.) Augustyn was present at a Halloween party at which several guests who brought their own Polaroid cameras snapped remarkable photos. The case has been featured on several TV and cable shows including Sightings, My Ghost Story, Unexplained Mysteries, and Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files. It has been investigated by parapsychologist Kerry Gaynor of UCLA and photo experts from Polaroid Corporation and Brooks Institute, all of whom were baffled. Investigators from Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files attempted to debunk the ghostly Polaroids using carefully controlled experiments but instead got inexplicable results. Combined with voice stress analysis of the occupants of the house that indicated they were telling the truth, they declared the case authentic. On several occasions visitors brought their own Polaroid cameras loaded with their own film and also got ghostly results.
Actor and paranormal enthusiast Dan Aykroyd contributed a glowing introduction to GHOSTWRITER, calling it "an essential volume for any serious seeker in the understanding of the paranormal."
Filmography
Night of the Demons (1988 - also producer)
Night Angel (1990 - also producer)
Night of the Demons 2 (1994 co-written with James Penzi)
Exit (1996)
References
External links
American male screenwriters
Central High School (Philadelphia) alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Temple University alumni
Writers from Philadelphia
Film producers from Pennsylvania
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
Kırkırca, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Miss America 1936, the tenth Miss America pageant, was held at the Steel Pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey on Saturday, September 12, 1936. Despite winning three of the pageant's contests ("most beautiful girl in evening gown", "most perfect model", and "Miss Outdoors Girl"), Miss Cook County was awarded 3rd runner-up. Miss Connecticut, the 2nd runner-up, won the "Miss Personality" prize, while Miss Philadelphia, Rose Veronica Coyle, sang and tap danced their way to the "Talent Award", as well as winning the coveted crown. Entrants from Pennsylvania took the top honor as well as capturing three other positions in the Top 15.
Results
Awards
Preliminary awards
Contestants
References
Secondary sources
External links
Miss America official website
1936
1936 in the United States
1936 in New Jersey
September 1936 events
Events in Atlantic City, New Jersey
Yakushiji Kin'yoshi (薬師寺 公義, – ) was a Japanese waka poet and samurai of the Nanbokuchō period. They were also known as Jirō Saemon no Shō, and their dharma name was Genka.
Life
The birth date of the samurai and waka poet Yakushiji Kin'yoshi is unknown, but they were likely born in or around the Enkyō period (1308–1311).
They were variously reported in the Chokusen Sakusha Burui (勅撰作者部類) and the Yakushi-ji Keizu (薬師寺系図) as the son of Tachibana no Noritaka (橘範隆) and Koyama Sadamitsu (小山貞光), respectively. They were a retainer of Kō no Moronao, but Book 29 of the Taiheiki indicates that they ignored remonstrations and took the tonsure. After entering Buddhist orders they took the dharma name Genka (元可). They also used the nickname Jirō Saemon no Shō (次郎左衛門尉) and Jirō Saemon (次郎左衛門).
Their death date is unknown, but they likely died in or before the Eitoku period (1381–1384), in their seventies.
Poetry
They studied waka under the poet Nijō Tamesada. Sixty of their poems were included in court anthologies from the Shinsenzai-shū on. Their personal anthology, the Kin'yoshi-shū (公義集, also known as the Genka-hōshi Shū 元可法師集), includes over 310 poems. The Kin'yoshi-shū was compiled by Kin'yoshi himself, during the Kōryaku period (1379–1381).
Their compositions were criticized by Imagawa Ryōshun in their work Rakusho Roken (落書露顕) for being hummed by people.
Notes
References
Citations
Works cited
Waka poets
14th-century Japanese poets
Samurai
14th-century births
1380s deaths
The Forsaken is the third studio album by the Christian black metal band Antestor, released in 2005 on Endtime Productions. The album features guest appearances of the established metal musicians Jan Axel Blomberg (Hellhammer) and Ann-Mari Edvardsen.
Recording history
The Forsaken was recorded in 2004 at Top Room Studios, which has been used by groups such as Tristania, Borknagar, Mayhem, and Extol. The album was produced by Børge Finstad. Several songs from the recording sessions were dropped from the full-length and were published on an EP titled Det Tapte Liv. The lineup on this recording session featured two former members of the dark metal band Vaakevandring, namely vocalist Ronny Hansen and keyboardist Morten Sigmund Mageroy, as well as the female vocalist Ann-Mari Edvardsen of the gothic metal group The 3rd and the Mortal. Lars Stokstad is the only original Antestor member on this album.
The album is known to feature drumming by Jan Axel Blomberg, also known as Hellhammer, one of the best-known drummers in extreme metal. Their appearance on the recordings was somewhat disputed in the metal scene. In an interview with the Russian metal site Metal Library on January 7, 2007, Blomberg says:
The vocalist Ronny Hansen knew Hellhammer personally and asked them to play for the band. The members of Antestor gave Hellhammer the demos for the songs in person, but according to Blomberg, they never met the Antestor members in studio personally because the producer Børge Finstad wanted to work with each musician alone per time to achieve better and more productive results. The band also asked Hellhammer to play live for them, but Blomberg refused. It was not a question about their beliefs, as Hellhammer explains: "In my opinion, black metal today is just music. I will tell you that neither I nor other members of Mayhem never really were against religion or something else. We are primarily interested in music." Antestor vocalist Ronny Hansen commented on Blomberg's appearance:
Overview
The Forsakens reception in media was positive and several critics gave it good reviews. However, some fans of the band's old style were not too happy with the stylistical change on The Forsaken: the previous "sorrow metal" output changed to modern, fast, progressive and melodic dark metal. The album contains several guitar solos. This addition received some criticism, and for example Roel de Haan of the Dutch Lords of Metal webzine wrote that "the elaborate solos simply are not beautiful and [are] completely out of context." Lords of Metal gave The Forsaken 75/100, and Nocturnal Horde gave it 8/10, calling it "a very powerful album," and "an amalgamation of innovation, energy, and anger."
A few songs that were recorded during the same session were left off from the full-length album. These songs include "Grief", "Last Season", "Med Hevede Sverd" and "Det Tapte Liv", which were released as a teaser on an EP titled Det Tapte Liv in 2004. The EP also included the same song that is also on The Forsaken called "Rites of Death". The song was slightly remixed on the album, the main difference is that it includes an intro sang solely by Edvardsen. "Raade" and "Mitt Hjerte" are instrumental pieces.
The lyrics on The Forsaken showcase dark, depressed, introspective and personal themes such as bitterness and longing. On this album, Antestor also deals with issues such as suicide, doubts about the certainty of Salvation, and yearning for death, which is rare for a Christian band. An example of the lyrics of "Betrayed" from the album The Forsaken:
Track listing
Rites of Death – 4:14
Old Times Cruelty – 3:56
Via Dolorosa – 5:09
Raade – 3:28
The Crown I Carry – 4:52
Betrayed – 4:21
Vale of Tears – 5:52
The Return – 4:47
As I Die – 4:51
Mitt Hjerte – 3:18
PersonnelAntestor Ronny "Vrede" Hanson – vocals
Lars "Vemod" Stokstad – guitars, vocals
Vergard "Gard" Undal – bass
Morten Sigmund "Sygmoon" Mageroy – keyboardsSession Jan Axel "Hellhammer" Blomberg – drums (Mayhem)
Ann-Mari Edvardsen – vocals (The Third and the Mortal)
Bjørn Loren – guitarsProduction Børge Finstad – mixing, engineering
Morten Lund – mastering
Samuel Durling – executive producer, art direction, designArtwork'
Kristian "Necrolord" Wåhlin – artwork
References
2005 albums
Antestor albums
Vikram Singh may refer to:
Vikram Singh (actor) (born 1979), Indian film actor
Vikram Singh (air marshal) (born 1963), Indian Air Force
Vikram Singh (composer) (born 1983), Indian singer, composer, director and producer
Vikram Singh (police officer) (born 1950), Indian educationist and Indian Police Service officer
Vikram Singh (politician), Indian politician
Vikram Singh (producer), Indian film producer
V. R. V. Singh (born 1984), Indian cricketer
Vikramjit Singh (born 2003), Dutch cricketer
Vikram Pratap Singh (born 2002), Indian footballer
Matthew "Matt" Preston (Phaeleh, pronounced Fella) is a multi-instrumentalist, producer and DJ, residing in Bristol, England. The name came from an aesthetic decision, to stand out visually rather than having a specific meaning.
They produce music that could be loosely described as cinematic electronica, but their roots are in dubstep, garage and house. Phaeleh themselves describes their music as "electronic bass music" with a heavy emphasis on melody and emotional content. Their main inspirations are Boards of Canada, Aphex Twin, LTJ Bukem, Global Communication and Brian Eno. Their compositions are a fusion of live instrumentation and electronic production.
Discography
EPs
Reflections EP (2008)
Inside EP (2008)
The Cold In You EP (2011)
From the Vaults EP (2012)
All That Remains EP (2016)
Singles
"Lounge" (2009)
"Fire" (2009)
"Afterglow" (2010)
"Untitled 333"/"Tachi" (2010)
"Low" (2010)
"Cheki" (2010)
"Falling" (2011)
"Storm" (2013)
Albums
Within the Emptiness (2009)
Fallen Light (2010)
Tides (2013)
A World Without (2014)
Somnus (2014)
Illusion of the Tale (2016)
Lost Time (2017)
Clarity (2018)
Embers (2020)
From The Vaults: Vol 2 (2020)
Soma (2021)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Musicians from Bristol
English record producers
Future garage musicians
UK garage musicians
Musicians from Wiltshire
People from Wiltshire
Electronic dance music DJs
DJs_from_Bristol
The 2020 Tim Hortons Brier, Canada's national men's curling championship, was held from February 29 to March 8 at the Leon's Centre in Kingston, Ontario. The winning Brad Gushue rink was scheduled to represent Canada at the 2020 World Men's Curling Championship at the Commonwealth Arena in Glasgow, Scotland.
Newfoundland and Labrador's Brad Gushue rink won their third Brier Tankard by defeating Alberta's Brendan Bottcher rink 7–3 in the final. Gushue won the Tankard in and . Bottcher finished runner-up in the past two Briers as well, losing to Gushue in 2018 and Kevin Koe in .
On Tuesday, March 3, Saskatchewan skip Matt Dunstone curled two perfect games in the same day (Draws 10 & 11) against higher ranked teams Ontario (John Epping) and Canada (Kevin Koe). It was the first time a curler curled two perfect games in the same day in Canadian Men's Curling Championship history.
At the end of the Championship pool round on Friday March 6, four teams were tied for the fourth place berth in the playoffs, requiring 3 tiebreaker games to determine the final team eligible for the playoff round.
Teams
Source:
CTRS ranking
Wild card game
A wild card play-in game was played on February 28. It was contested between the top two teams on the Canadian Team Ranking System standings who did not win their respective provincial championships: the West St. Paul Curling Club's Mike McEwen rink from West St. Paul, Manitoba; and the Penetanguishene Curling Club's Glenn Howard rink from Penetanguishene, Ontario. Team Wild Card entered the Brier as the number 3 seed.
CTRS standings for wild card game
Wild card Game
Friday, February 28, 7:00 pm
Round robin standings
Final round robin standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Eastern Time Zone (UTC−05:00).
Draw 1
Saturday, February 29, 2:00 pm
Draw 2
Saturday, February 29, 7:00 pm
Draw 3
Sunday, March 1, 9:00 am
Draw 4
Sunday, March 1, 2:00 pm
Draw 5
Sunday, March 1, 7:00 pm
Draw 6
Monday, March 2, 9:00 am
Draw 7
Monday, March 2, 2:00 pm
Draw 8
Monday, March 2, 7:00 pm
Draw 9
Tuesday, March 3, 9:00 am
Draw 10
Tuesday, March 3, 2:00 pm
Draw 11
Tuesday, March 3, 7:00 pm
Draw 12
Wednesday, March 4, 9:00 am
Draw 13
Wednesday, March 4, 2:00 pm
Draw 14
Wednesday, March 4, 7:00 pm
Championship pool standings
The top four teams from each pool advance to the Championship pool. All wins and losses earned in the round robin will be carried forward into the Championship Pool. Wins in tiebreaker games are not carried forward.
Final Championship pool standings
Championship pool results
Draw 16
Thursday, March 5, 1:00 pm
Draw 17
Thursday, March 5, 7:00 pm
Draw 18
Friday, March 6, 1:00 pm
Draw 19
Friday, March 6, 7:00 pm
Tiebreakers
Saturday, March 7, 9:00 am
Saturday, March 7, 2:00 pm
Playoffs
1 vs. 2
Saturday, March 7, 2:00 pm
3 vs. 4
Saturday, March 7, 7:00 pm
Semifinal
Sunday, March 8, 12:00 pm
Final
Sunday, March 8, 7:00 pm
Statistics
Top 5 player percentages
After Championship Pool; minimum 5 games
Perfect games
Round robin and championship pool only
Awards
The awards and all-star teams are listed as follows:
All-Star Teams
First Team
Skip: Brendan Bottcher, Alberta
Third: Reid Carruthers, Team Wild Card
Second: E.J. Harnden, Northern Ontario
Lead: Colin Hodgson, Team Wild Card
Second Team
Skip: Mike McEwen, Team Wild Card
Third: Marc Kennedy, Northern Ontario
Second: Derek Samagalski, Team Wild Card
Lead: Ben Hebert, Team Canada
Ross Harstone Sportsmanship Award
Colin Hodgson, Team Wild Card Lead
Paul McLean Award
Geoff Kamada and Shayne Dilling, TSN video editors
Hec Gervais Most Valuable Player Award
Brad Gushue, Newfoundland and Labrador Skip
Final standings
Notes
References
External links
Brier
Curling in Ontario
Brier
Brier
Brier
Sport in Kingston, Ontario
The Brier
Angela Gaye Walker (married name Subramaniam; born 19 March 1967) is a New Zealand writer and former rhythmic gymnast. They won a gold medal and three bronze medals representing their country at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
Early life and family
Walker was born in Auckland on 19 March 1967. Them father, Ian Walker, served in the Royal Air Force and Bomber Command during World War II and was a prisoner of war.
Rhythmic gymnastics
Walker competed for New Zealand in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There they tied for 32nd place in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
They later won a gold and three bronze medals competing at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
Later life
In 1995, Walker married Kannan Subramaniam.
Walker has written biographies of their father, published in 2017, and Dame Yvette Williams (2022).
Published works
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
New Zealand rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Olympic gymnasts of New Zealand
Sportspeople from Auckland
21st-century biographers
New Zealand biographers
21st-century New Zealand women writers
21st-century New Zealand writers
Ravanan is a 1994 Tamil language drama film directed by E. Ramdoss. The film stars Mansoor Ali Khan and Ahana, with Manorama, R. Sundarrajan, Rajesh, Vadivukkarasi, Pandu, Thyagu and B. Ashokarajan playing supporting roles. The film, produced by J. A. Mohamed Ali, had musical score by A. K. Vasagan and was released on 14 January 1994.
Plot
Ravanan is a short-tempered farmer who they live with their mother and their little sister.  They are known for punishing the villagers, they even severely punished their own father one day, their father then felt resentful towards Ravanan since that day and decided to live alone.
Meena, who comes from the city, is the daughter of a wealthy villager. Being an arrogant and spoiled girl, Meena often quarrels with Ravanan several times. The fight becomes worse when Meena stops Uma's timed wedding. The angry Ravanan kidnaps Meena and sequesters them in their farm. Ashokarajan, a wealthy landlord and an evil womanizer, enters in their conflict. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Mansoor Ali Khan as Ravanan
Ahana as Meena
Manorama as Ravanan's mother
R. Sundarrajan as Ravanan's father
Rajesh as Meena's father
Vadivukkarasi as Kannamma
Pandu
Thyagu
B. Ashokarajan as Ashokarajan
Sangita Madhavan Nair as Uma
Vichithra as Sundari
Sharmili
Nellai Siva as Punnakku
Dinesh Kumar
Ilavarasu
Singamuthu
Sellamathan
TKS Natarajan
Durai Ramachandran
Nirmala
Shalini
Sindhu
Bonda Mani
Baboos
Cameo appearance in a song 'Velicham Poranthachu'
E. Ramdoss
Rajkiran
R. Parthiban
T. Rajendar
Prashanth
Sathyaraj
Manivannan
Balu Anand
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by A. K. Vasagan. The soundtrack, released in 1994, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Kalidasan.
Reception
New Straits Times wrote "Ravanan is entertaining - against all expectations".
References
1994 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Indian action films
Films directed by E. Ramdoss
1994 action films
Slobodan Šijan (, ; born November 16, 1946) is a Serbian film director.
Biography
Šijan was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. They graduated from the Fine Arts Academy in Belgrade, and then enrolled in Belgrade's Academy of Theater Faculty of Dramatic Arts in 1970. They directed a number of television films as well as experimental and short films during the 1970s. From 1976 to 1979, they published a series of fanzines which according to them were made "out of frustration" in between their experimentation and attempts to break into professional cinema.
Their first full-length feature Ko to tamo peva, directed in collaboration with writer Dušan Kovačević and cinematographer Božidar Nikolić, was released in 1980 and became a box-office hit. 1982's Maratonci trče počasni krug, also achieved considerable commercial success.
Over the coming years Šijan directed two more notable films - Kako sam sistematski uništen od idiota and Davitelj protiv davitelja.
Filmography
TV work
Gradilište (1979) (TV)
Ing. ugostiteljstva (1979) (short)
Kost od mamuta (1979) (TV)
Najlepša soba (1978) (TV)
Šta se dogodilo sa Filipom Preradovićem (1977) (TV movie)
Pohvala svetu (1976) (TV short)
Sve što je bilo lepo (1976) (TV movie)
Sunce te čuva (1975) (TV short)
References
External links
Serbian film directors
1946 births
Living people
Film people from Belgrade
Birkebeinerrittet (lit. The Birkebeiner cycling race) is a long-distance mountain bike cycling race held annually in Norway. It is the world's largest mountain bike race in number of contestants. In 2009, 17,164 riders signed up, and 15,140 cyclists completed the race.
The race
The race starts in Rena and ends at Håkons Hall in Lillehammer. Birkebeinerrittet is 92km long along fire roads, with some paved and some single/dualtrack segments.
The race has been held since 1993 and commemorates a trip made by the Birkebeiner loyalists to save the heir to the Norwegian throne, Håkon Håkonsson, in 1206. All participants carry a backpack weighing at least 3.5 kg, symbolizing the weight of the then one-year-old heir.
Past winners
Men
Women
External links
Official homepage (in Norwegian)
References
Mountain biking events in Norway
Åmot
Sport in Hedmark
Sport in Lillehammer
Erymophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, endemic to Australia.
Species include:
Erymophyllum glossanthus Paul G.Wilson
Erymophyllum hemisphaericum Paul G.Wilson
Erymophyllum ramosum (A.Gray) Paul G.Wilson
Erymophyllum tenellum (Turcz.) Paul G.Wilson
References
Gnaphalieae
Asteraceae genera
Taxa named by Paul G. Wilson
The 1959 season of the Paraguayan Primera División, the top category of Paraguayan football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Olimpia.
Results
Standings
External links
Paraguay 1959 season at RSSSF
Para
Primera
Paraguayan Primera División seasons
The 1971–72 Danish 1. division season was the 15th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Ten teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship. Tårnby was relegated.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1971 in Danish sport
1972 in Danish sport
Kouekong Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kouekong, a suburb of Bafoussam, Cameroon. It is used mostly for football matches and it also has athletics facilities. The stadium has seats for 20,000 people. It was built in 2015 and inaugurated on April 30, 2016.
It will also host some matches during the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations.
References
Sports venues completed in 2016
Athletics (track and field) venues in Cameroon
Cameroon
Multi-purpose stadiums in Cameroon
Football venues in Cameroon
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Works published
Great Britain
Robert Aylet:
Peace with Them Foure Garders: Five morall meditations
Thrifts Equipage: Five divine and morall meditations
Sir John Davies, Nosce Teipsum (see also Nosce Teipsum 1599, 1619)
Michael Drayton, The Second Part, or a Continuance of Poly-Olbion from the Eighteenth Song (see Poly-Olbion, Part 1, 1612)
John Hagthorpe, Divine Meditations, and Elegies
Patrick Hannay, The Nightingale, Sheretine and Mariana. A Happy Husband. Eligies on the Death of Queene Anne. Songs and Sonnets. (A Happy Husband first published separately in 1619 with Richard Brathwait's Description of a Good Wife; Elegies on Queene Anne also published separately in 1619)
Abraham Holland, Naumachia; or, Holland's sea-fight
Samuel Rowlands, Good News and Bad Newes
John Taylor, A Memorial of all the English Monarchs
George Wither:
Faire-Virtue, the Mistresse of Phil'arete
Juvenilia
Other
Ivan Gundulić, Tears of the Prodigal Son, Croatian work published in Venice, Italy
Theophile de Viau, Le Parnasse satyrique, a collection of licentious poems, published under their name, although many of the pieces were written by others; the publication led to de Viau's denunciation by the Jesuits in 1623 and a death sentence, later amended to exile within France; France
John of the Cross (died 1591), Spiritual Canticle, Spanish mystical poem, largely written in 1577, first published, in French translation in Paris
Pang Tat, called Neak Pang, The Poem of Angkor Wat, Khmer epic inscribed in Cambodia
Alessandro Tassoni, La secchia rapita ("The Rape of the Bucket"), a mock-heroic epic poem; Italy
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 15 – Molière (died 1673), French playwright, poet and actor
March 28 – Ermes di Colorêt (died 1692), Friulian courtier and poet
Francesc Fontanella (died 1685), Catalan poet, dramatist and priest
Luo Mu (died 1706), Chinese painter, poet and prose writer
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
June 4 – Péter Révay (born 1568), Hungarian poet, nobleman, Royal Crown Guard for the Holy Crown of Hungary, state official, soldier and historian
August 21 – Juan de Tassis, 2nd Count of Villamediana (born 1582), Spanish
November 4 – Francisco Rodrigues Lobo (born 1580), Portuguese poet and bucolic writer, drowned
December 13 – Johannes Vodnianus Campanus (born 1572), Czech poet and playwright
John Owen (born 1560), Welsh poet and epigrammatist writing in Latin
Mathew Roydon (born 1580), English poet associated with the School of Night group of poets and writers
See also
Poetry
16th century in poetry
16th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
Arakkillam is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by N. Sankaran Nair and produced by N. Sankaran Nair. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Miss Kumari and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan
Sharada
Miss Kumari
Adoor Bhasi
Paul Vengola
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kottayam Chellappan
Rathidevi
S. P. Pillai
Sree Narayana Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by N. Sankaran Nair
Rear Admiral Charles Stewart Boggs (28 January 1811 – 22 April 1888) served in the United States Navy during the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War.
Early life and career
Boggs was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey. They were appointed a midshipman in November 1826 and was assigned to the Boston Navy Yard until 1830, when they began two years at sea on board the brig Porpoise.
For the rest of the 1830s and the 1840s they had duties ashore and afloat, receiving their commission as Lieutenant in 1837, while serving in the ship of the line North Carolina.
They were an officer in the steamer Princeton during the Mexican–American War and executive officer of the frigate St. Lawrence in 1851.
Promoted to the rank of Commander in 1855, Boggs commanded two mail steamers during the next four years and was a lighthouse inspector at San Francisco, California in 1860–1861.
Civil War service
In December 1861 Boggs was given command of the gunboat . The following April, during the Capture of New Orleans, they commanded them with distinction:
In the attack of the squadron on the Mississippi forts, April 18–24 ... they destroyed six of the Confederate gunboats, but finally lost their own vessel, after driving their antagonist ashore in flames. When they found the Varuna sinking, they ran their ashore, tied them to the trees, and fought their guns until the water was over the guntracks.
Varuna was lost in the battle with 184 casualties. Receiving their Captain's commission in July 1862, during the rest of the American Civil War they were commanding officer of the steam sloops Juniata and Sacramento, with the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron, the steam cruiser Connecticut in the West Indies, and had special duty at the New York Navy Yard.
Post-war service and last years
In 1866–68 Boggs commanded the gunboat . As a commodore, they had another tour of lighthouse inspection service in 1869–1870, receiving promotion to rear admiral during this time.
Their final seagoing service was as commander of the European Fleet in 1871. Retired in January 1872, they remained on duty as Secretary of the Light House Board until mid-1873.
Rear Admiral Charles S. Boggs died at New Brunswick, New Jersey, on 22 April 1888.  They are buried in the churchyard of Christ Episcopal Church.
Namesake
The destroyer USS Boggs (DD-136) was named for him.
See also
Footnotes
References
Ripley, George; Dana, Charles A. (Ed.) (1863): The New American Cyclopedia: A Popular Dictionary of General Knowledge, Volume XVI, V-Zwirner, D. Appleton & Company, New York.
External links
1811 births
1877 deaths
Union Navy admirals
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
People from New Brunswick, New Jersey
People of New Jersey in the American Civil War
Rutherford County Virtual School is a virtual school in the Rutherford County school district located in Smyrna, Tennessee, United States. The school serves grades 3 to 12. All students who are residents of Rutherford County can enroll in the school. This school is the first virtual school to open in the county in 2020 with an enrollment of 189 students.
History
Rutherford County Virtual School was founded in 2020 as the 49th school to open in the school district. The first principal and current of the Rutherford County Virtual School is Dr. Jessica Supakhan.
Curriculum
Rutherford County Virtual School uses the Connections Academy (or Pearson Connexus) platform to deliver education to students. Elementary and middle school grade students are taught by teachers who work at Rutherford County Schools. Courses at the school are taught by certified teachers in the State of Tennessee.
Athletics
Rutherford County Virtual School has a co-op partnership with Central Magnet School, allowing Rutherford County Virtual School students to participate in athletic programs from Central Magnet School. There are currently 12 varsity teams in a co-op partnership, which include baseball, boys and girls basketball, softball, volleyball, golf, cross-country, track, cheerleading, dance, archery, and swimming. In the future, the school expects to add 4 more varsity teams, such as tennis, bowling, wrestling, and soccer.
Clubs
Aerospace Club
Chess
Community Service Club
Creative Writing Club
Fantasy Football Club
Fishing Club
French Club
Glee Club
High School Hangout
Instrumental Music Club
Life Skills Club
Microwave Mug Cooking Club
Senior Beta Club
Show and Tell
Student Leadership Club
Tech/Coding Club
eSports
References
External links
Rutherford County Virtual School
Rutherford County Schools
Public high schools in Tennessee
Schools in Rutherford County, Tennessee
Smyrna, Tennessee
Virtual learning environments
The Chörblispitz (2,103 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, located north of Jaun in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range between the valley of the Breccaschlund and the valley of the Jaunbach.
References
External links
Chörblispitz on Hikr.org
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Switzerland
Mountains of the canton of Fribourg
Two-thousanders of Switzerland
Ozanköy, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
According to the Ottoman State Archives; Ozanköy is first acknowledged to exist in 1487 registered under the name "Ozan". Though it likely existed before this date.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Ilona Melnichenko () is a former ice dancer who competed for the Soviet Union. With former partner Gennady Kaskov, they are the 1987 World Junior champion and 1991 Winter Universiade champion.  They are from Odessa and has a bachelor's degree in Physical Education from the Odessa State Institute of Physical Culture. Melnichenko was married to former pair skater Artem Torgeshev, the 1987 World Junior silver medalist, with whom they have two children, Andrew and Deana. They coach at the Panthers Figure Skating Club, Saveology Iceplex in Coral Springs, Florida. Together they have coached many notable skaters, including Franchesca Chiera, Sophia Chouinard, Samantha Scott, Luiz Manella, and Andrew Torgashev. Their son, Andrew Torgashev, was born May 29, 2001 in Coral Springs, Florida and competes for the United States in single skating.
Results
(with Kaskov)
References
Navigation
Soviet female ice dancers
Ukrainian female ice dancers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from Odesa
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Ukrainian emigrants to the United States
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Universiade silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Competitors at the 1989 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1991 Winter Universiade
The St. Mary's Cathedral ( ) also called Zywiec Cathedral is a Catholic Church that follows the Chaldean or Eastern Syriac rite and is located in Diyarbakir in the province of the same name and in southeast Turkey, in a region with a large Kurdish population.
The cathedral is the main church of the Chaldean Catholic Archeparchy of Amida (Archieparchia Amidensis Chaldaeorum) which emerged as eparchy in 1553 in the pontificate of Pope Paul IV and whose last bishop had to leave the place in 1915, it was restored in 1966 with its status Current through the bull "Chaldaici ritus" of Pope Paul VI.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Turkey
St. Mary's Cathedral
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Turkey
Churches in Diyarbakır
Chaldean Catholic cathedrals
An electronic daily devotional is inspirational Christian, Bible-based material that can be delivered through a variety of channels. Unlike Bible software that is designed for in-depth Bible study, daily devotionals in electronic form are designed to focus the mind on one or two thoughts.
History
Devotional classics such as Oswald Chambers' My Utmost for Their Highest went electronic as a part of Bible software book collections when Bible software emerged in the 1980s in response to the capabilities of personal computers. These early versions were awkward to scroll through. The emergence of the internet in the 1990s prompted an explosion of online daily devotional offerings. With the advent of cell phones, iPods and smart phones, mobile delivery of daily devotionals has changed even more.
Software-based devotionals
The same electronic publishers that brought Bible software to desktop users—e-Sword, LOGOS, Pradis, PC Study Bible, Online Bible, and QuickVerse, among others, also include devotional classics in electronic media. These devotional materials are tied to the user's computer.
Online devotionals
Our Daily Bread was among the earliest of the classic devotionals to appear on the Internet. Online archives of the devotional are available back to January 1994. Upper Room Ministries began emailing the Upper Room daily devotional guide in 1997. In the years following, many Christian organizations began adding a daily devotional to their website. The following is an incomplete list of daily devotional services available through recognized Christian organizations.
Campus Crusade for Christ
Crosswalk.com
Grace to You
Lutheran Hour Ministries
Moody Bible Institute
Purpose Driven Life
Mobile devotionals
Many of the web-based devotional providers offer mobile delivery of their electronic devotionals. The most popular method of delivery remains email which is accessible through internet capable mobile phones as well as computers. Some organizations offer RSS feeds. All of these mobile options require connection to the internet.
A number of devotional providers also offer a daily devotional in text-message format appropriate for any cell phone with text capability. Internet service is not required. Many providers offer this service for free while some charge a monthly fee. Of the fee-based service providers, a small number, such as The Bible Now, use the monthly fee to support other faith-based initiatives, including Christian adoption (such as the Aspen Project) and short-term missions to Mexico (Casa por Cristo).
Christian media
Christian Bible
Fouad Boutros (; 5 November 1917 in Achrafieh – 4 January 2016) was a Lebanese politician and diplomat. They held several cabinet posts in the 1960s and 1970s.
Political career
They were first elected member of the Parliament of Lebanon in the 1960 Lebanese general election to one of the Greek Orthodox posts for Beirut. Boutrous served as defense minister two times: in 1966 and from 1976 to 1978. They were appointed deputy prime minister in 1966, in 1968 and 1976-1982. They were the minister of foreign affairs in the period between 1976 and 1982.
Assassination attempt
On 1 November 1978, at the Saint Nicholas Church crossing in Achrafieh, Kataeb Regulatory Forces (KRF) militiamen ambushed the motorcade of the Defense and Foreign Affairs Minister Fouad Boutros, escorted by a commando detachment from the Counter-sabotage regiment (Arabic: Moukafaha). Four commandos were wounded and several others taken prisoner, including the commander of the escort, Lieutenant Kozhayya Chamoun, who subsequently disappeared without a trace while on KRF custody. The ambush was carried out in retaliation for the death of the pro-Phalangist Captain Samir el-Achkar, leader of the dissident Lebanese Army Revolutionary Command (LARC) and a close friend of Bashir Gemayel, during a raid by the Moukafaha commandos on their headquarters at Mtaileb in the Matn District earlier that same day.
References
External links
René Chamussy – Chronique d'une guerre, le Liban (1975-1977) (in French)
Histoire militaire de l'armée libanaise de 1975 à 1990 (in French)
1917 births
2016 deaths
Deputy prime ministers of Lebanon
Defense ministers of Lebanon
Foreign ministers of Lebanon
Recipients of the National Order of the Cedar
Greek Orthodox Christians from Lebanon
Survivors of terrorist attacks
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
The High School of Art and Design is a Career and Technical Education high school in Manhattan, New York City, New York State, United States. Founded in 1936 as the School of Industrial Art, the school moved to 1075 Second Avenue in 1960 and more recently, its Midtown Manhattan location on 56th Street, between Second and Third Avenues, in September 2012. High School of Art and Design is operated by the New York City Department of Education.
History
On November 2, 1936, four art teachers began what was to become the High School of Art and Design, the School of Industrial Art, in a former Manhattan elementary school at 257 West 40th Street, which for a time had housed a WPA Federal Theatre Project locale. Initially, they used orange crates and plywood to make storage and desks. One of the co-founders, John B. Kenny, became principal in 1941. The school soon moved to 211 East 79th Street on the Upper East Side, the site of the former annex to Benjamin Franklin High School. In September 1960, the School of Industrial Art changed its name to the High School of Art and Design and moved to 1075 Second Avenue in east Midtown.
The 1936 school was first envisioned as a continuation school, that is, a school where children who had left school and gotten jobs attended for half days to continue their education, normally including vocational classes relevant to their current or possible future jobs. However, it opened as a vocational high school,
On November 8, 2004, a rally was scheduled on the occasion of the school's 68th anniversary. This was to include a press conference at which increased support of the school would be urged. On November 8, 2006, the school celebrated its 70th anniversary. The office of the Mayor of New York City issued a proclamation making November 8 "High School of Art and Design Day".
Academics and events
Applicants must take an entrance exam and present a portfolio to be accepted. Freshmen sample all art and design subjects before selecting a major for their sophomore, junior and senior years. Students at Art and Design receive two periods of art instruction per day, choosing from among eight art majors: cartooning, animation, architecture, graphic design, illustration, fashion, photography, and film/video.
Art and Design's Kenny Gallery, named for the school's founding principal, John B. Kenny, hosts monthly art exhibits of student work. The gallery is open to the public. The Black Box Theatre was donated by the Friends of Art and Design (FAD).
Notable people
Faculty
Some members of the school's faculty became notable for their creative work outside teaching. These include:
Daisy Aldan, (1923-2001), poet, actor, editor and translator
Irv Docktor, fine artist and book illustrator
Frank Eliscu, designer and sculptor of the Heisman Memorial Trophy and other works of art
Alvin Hollingsworth, comic book illustrator and fine artist
Bel Kaufman, author of "Up the Down Staircase"
Bernard Krigstein, painter, illustrator, cartoonist
Tom Wesselmann, pop artist, famous for their "Great American Nude" series
Alumni
1937: Paul Winchell, ventriloquist, inventor, actor
1940: Violet Barclay, a pioneering female comic book artist
1940: Al Plastino, comic book illustrator, writer and editor
1940: Chic Stone, comic book illustrator
1941: Allen Bellman, comic book artist
1943: Carmine Infantino, comic book artist, editor, member Comic Book Hall of Fame
1943: Helmut Krone, art director
1943: Henry Wolf, graphic designer, art director and photographer
1944: Joe Orlando, comic book illustrator, Mad magazine Associate Publisher
1945: Tony Bennett, singer and painter
1945: Joe Giella, comic book illustrator
1945: Everett Raymond Kinstler, portrait artist
1946: Sy Barry, comic book illustrator
1946: Vladimir Kagan, furniture designer
1946: Al Scaduto, syndicated cartoonist
1947: Alex Toth, comic book illustrator, animator for Hanna-Barbera
1947: John Romita, Sr., comic book illustrator
1949: Howard Beckerman, animator and author
1950: Dick Giordano, comic book illustrator
1950: Jules Maidoff, artist and founder of SACI (Studio Arts College International) in Florence, Italy
1951: Leo Dillon, adult and children's book illustrator
1951: Bill Kresse, syndicated cartoonist
1952: Eva Hesse, minimalist painter and sculptor
1952: Sam Scali, advertising-agency owner
1953: Peter Hujar, photographer
1953: Ronald Wayne, Apple Computer co-founder
1955: I. C. Rapoport, photojournalist
1956: Ralph Bakshi, animator, filmmaker
1956: John Johnson, TV news anchor, author and painter
1956: Barbara Nessim, illustrator and educator
1956: Regina Porter, fashion designer
1957: Bobby Weinstein, songwriter, member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame
1957: Phoebe Gilman, children's book author and illustrator
1959: Neal Adams, comic book illustrator
1959: Paul J. Pugliese, TIME Magazine cartographer
1960: Calvin Klein, fashion designer
1960: George Kuchar, cult filmmaker and director
1960: Antonio Lopez, fashion illustrator
1960: Gerard Malanga, poet, photographer and filmmaker
1960: William T. Williams, abstract painter
1961: Robert Volpe, painter and NYPD detective, the "Art Cop"
1962: Roscoe Orman, actor, author and artist, best known as "Gordon" on Sesame Street
1962: Simon Gaon, painter
1963: Ronnie Landfield, abstract painter
1963: Joey Skaggs, media prankster, performance artist
1963: Jim Simon, animator and artist
1963: Michael Steiner, abstract artist and sculptor
1965: Jackie Curtis, Warhol film star, poet, playwright
1965: Art Spiegelman, Pulitzer Prize winning author and cartoonist
1967: Bert Monroy, digital art pioneer, author of books on Photoshop, Illustrator
1967: Eric Carr (Paul Charles Caravello), drummer in the rock band Kiss
1967: Frank Brunner, comic book illustrator
1967: Larry Hama, writer and comic book illustrator
1967: Ralph Reese, comic book illustrator
1967: Lenny White, jazz-funk drummer, member of Return to Forever
1967: Terry Winters, abstract painter and printmaker
1968: Candida Royalle, producer and director of couples-oriented erotic films
1968: John Steptoe, author and illustrator of children's books
1968: Robin Tewes, artist and painter
1968: Frank Verlizzo ("Fraver"), Drama Desk Award-winning designer of theater art
1969: Pat Cleveland, fashion model
1969: Harvey Fierstein, actor, playwright, gay activist
1970: Amy Heckerling, film director, writer, actor
1971: Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, actor and singer
1971: Alan Kupperberg, cartoonist and illustrator
1971: Steven Meisel, fashion photographer
1971: Lynette Washington, jazz vocalist
1973: Lisa Jane Persky, actor.
1973: Tom Sito, animator, filmmaker, educator
1974: Manny Vega, painter, muralist, mosaicist
1976: Marcelino Sanchez, film and television actor
1976: Tracy 168 (Michael Tracey), graffiti artist
1976: Mike Carlin, comic book writer and editor
1977: Joe Jusko, comic book illustrator
1977: Gladys Portugues, champion body builder
1978: Lasana M. Sekou, poet, journalist, author, publisher
1978: Lorna Simpson, artist and photographer
1978: Lee Quiñones, actor and graffiti artist
1978: Margaret Matz, architect and illustrator
1978: Malcolm Jones III, comic book illustrator
1979: Denys Cowan, comic book illustrator
1979: Jimmy Palmiotti, inker and writer of comic books, games and film
1979: Mark Texeira, comic book illustrator
1980: Chris 'Daze' Ellis, graffiti writer and artist
1980: Nicole Willis, musician, artist
1981: Marc Jacobs, fashion designer
1982: Lady Pink (Sandra Fabara), graffiti writer, artist and muralist.
1983: Mare139 (Carlos Rodriguez), graffiti artist and designer
1985: Roger Sanchez, Grammy Award-winning DJ, producer, recording artist
1985: Christopher Martin rapper/Kid&Play
1986: Pharoahe Monch (Troy Donald Jamerson), hip hop artist
1987: Ivan de Prume, former drummer in the groove metal band White Zombie
1990: Jamal Igle, comic book and animation storyboard artist
1992: Joe Madureira, comic book illustrator
1992: Mobb Deep, hip-hop duo
1995: Cool Calm Pete (Peter Chung), hip hop artist as a member of Babbletron and then as a Solo artist
1998: Fabolous, rapper
2006: ASAP Ferg (Darold D. Brown Ferguson, Jr.), rapper and fashion designer
2007: LaQuan Smith, fashion designer
2014: Devon Rodriguez artist and painter
References
External links
NYC Department of Education: Art and Design High School
High School of Art and Design Alumni Association
Friends of Art and Design High School
1936 establishments in New York City
Art schools in New York City
Culture of New York City
Educational institutions established in 1936
Public high schools in Manhattan
Midtown Manhattan
Upucerthia is a genus of bird in the family Furnariidae.
Taxonomy and etymology
Upucerthia is a genus of bird in the family Furnariidae. Established by French zoologist Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire in 1832, it contains four species known as earthcreepers. Genetic studies done in the early 2000s indicated that the genus as it stood at that time was highly polyphyletic, with species representing four distinct clades. As a result, a total of five former species were moved to other genera. The rock earthcreeper and the straight-billed earthcreeper were moved to the genus Ochetorhynchus. The Bolivian earthcreeper and the Chaco earthcreeper were moved to the genus Tarphonomus, and the striated earthcreeper was moved into the monotypic genus Geocerthia.
The genus name is a portmanteau of the genus names Upupa (for the hoopoes) and Certhia (for the treecreepers).
List of species
The following are species recognized by the International Ornithologists' Union as being members of this genus.
Scale-throated earthcreeper (Upucerthia dumetaria)
Patagonian forest earthcreeper (Upucerthia saturatior)
White-throated earthcreeper (Upucerthia albigula)
Buff-breasted earthcreeper (Upucerthia validirostris)
Plain-breasted earthcreeper (Upucerthia validirostris jelskii)
The Patagonian forest earthcreeper, described as a distinct species in 1900 but soon lumped as a subspecies of the scale-throated earthcreeper, was designated as a distinct species again in the early 2000s. This determination was based on differences in its morphology, song, breeding habitat, and migration patterns.
References
Notes
Sources
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1947 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 23rd season in the Victorian Football League and 46th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
The Church of Saint Francis of Assisi (Italian: Chiesa di San Francesco d'Assisi or simply San Francesco d'Assisi) is a Gothic-style, Roman Catholic church of Palermo. It is located near a major and ancient street of the city, via Cassaro, in the quarter of the Kalsa, within the historic centre of Palermo. The building represents the main Conventual Franciscan church of Sicily, and has the title of minor basilica.
History
The history of the church starts with the arrival of the Franciscans in Sicily. In 1224 the chronicler Vadingo the start of construction of the first Franciscan convent near the Walls of Palermo. However, shortly after, the local clergy with the support of the Saracens chased the friars out from the city. The friars went to Viterbo and appealed to the Pope Gregory IX.
The pontiff ordered Landone, archbishop of Messina, to promote the reconstruction of the convent. The pope also took advantage of the absence of the archbishop of Palermo, Berard of Castagna, who had traveled to Germany with the Emperor Frederick II. Therefore, in 1235 the friars built a new convent by converting an old Byzantine fortification dating back to the military campaign of George Maniakes. In 1239, because of quarrels with the Pope, Frederick II decreed the building's destruction.
In 1255 the Vicar general of Sicily Ruffino Gorgone da Piacenza, chaplain of Pope Alexander IV, entrusted the reconstruction to the bishop of Malta, Roger. The work went on during the period of Charles of Anjou. In 1302 the main portal and the anterior façade were built, both in Chiaramontan-Gothic style. In the 15th century several chapels were built in Gothic and Renaissance style, including the Chapel Mastrantonio, the first manifestation of the Renaissance in Sicily.
Over the centuries the church became rich of artworks thanks to artists like Antonio di Belguardo, Antonio Scaglione, Giuseppe Giacalone, Francesco Laurana, Pietro de Bonitate, Gabriele di Battista, Domenico Pellegrino, Iacopo de Benedetto, Domenico Gagini, Antonello Gagini and their sons Antonio and Giacomo, Giuliano Mancino, Antonio Berrettaro, Antonello Crescenzio, Cesare da Sesto, Mariano Smiriglio, Vincenzo degli Azani, Pietro Novelli, Gerardo Astorino and Giacomo Serpotta. As a result, the interior of the church contains decorations from varied periods and styles, from gothic to baroque.
On 5 March 1823, the building was damaged by an earthquake. The church was restored in the Neoclassical style. Other damage was caused by the air raids during the Second world war. In recent decades the church was restored.
In 1924 Pope Pius XI assigned a title of minor basilica to this church. The church of Saint Francis of Assisi has an important role in the religious life of Palermo: in fact, in this church is enshrined the Simulacrum of the Immaculate Conception that every year, on the evening of December 8, pass through the streets of the historic center among thousands of believers who accompany the procession till the Piazza San Domenico.
Gallery
See also
Kalsa
Oratorio di San Lorenzo
Oratorio dell'Immacolatella
References
External links
History of the convent - Conventual Franciscans of Sicily
Francesco
Francesco Assisi
Gothic architecture in Palermo
Franciscan churches in Italy
Francis Palermo
Minor basilicas in Sicily
The Brandenburg Navy was the navy of the Margraviate of Brandenburg in Germany from the 16th century to 1701, when it became part of the Prussian Navy.
The navy was originally assembled as the Hohenzollern rulers of Brandenburg began to increase in importance and to desire the prestige and security of having a suitable naval defence force. During the 17th century, the navy was of great use in numerous battles in the Baltic Sea, and it also served the interests of Brandenburg's colonies in Africa (specifically the Brandenburger Gold Coast) and the Caribbean. By the year 1680, the Brandenburg Navy had almost thirty active warships. These ships were used primarily to secure control over hostile trade routes and maritime trading, as blockades and to provide naval defence, and to also provide reinforcement on various military operations, which would frequently involve engagements with unfriendly warships.
In 1682, Frederick William, the prince-elector of Brandenburg, who was intensely involved in the navy's affairs, secured the navy a base at Greetsiel, but they shifted to Emden a year later.
Frederick William died in 1688, and their descendants took no interest in the Brandenburg Navy. Frederick III and their grandson Frederick the Great recognized that they could never compete directly with the great maritime powers and concentrated instead on building the best army in Europe while maintaining good relations with naval powers such as Denmark and the Netherlands. The overseas colonies were eventually sold to the Dutch in 1721. In 1701, Frederick was crowned King in Prussia, marking a shift from Brandenburg to Prussia as the most important Hohenzollern realm. The Brandenburg Navy was consequently merged into the Prussian Navy that year.
Ships in the Brandenburg Navy
List of ships in the Brandenburg Navy:
Friedrich Wilhelm zu Pferde (frigate)
Berlin (frigate)
Dorothea (frigate)
Rother Löwe (frigate)
Carolus Secundus (frigate)
Kurprinz von Brandenburg (frigate)
Chur Prinz (frigate)
Morian (frigate)
Wappen von Brandenburg (frigate)
Bracke (yacht)
Große Jacht (yacht)
Wasserhund (warship)
Fuchs (warship)
Einhorn (warship)
Printz Ludwig (warship)
Falke (warship)
Jean Baptista (warship)
Marie (warship)
Spandau (warship)
Stern (warship)
Princesse Maria
See also
History of Germany
Notes and references
Specific
General
www.deutsche-schutzgebiete.de
kurbrandenburgische marine
Literature
Ulrich van der Heyden: Rote Adler an Afrikas Küste. Die brandenburgisch-preußische Kolonie Großfriedrichsburg in Westafrika. Berlin: Selignow-Verlag 2001,
Werner Rahn: Deutsche Marinen im Wandel: Vom Symbol nationaler Einheit zum Instrument internationaler Sicherheit, R. Oldenbourg Verlag, München 2005,
''This article is based on a translation of the corresponding article in the German Wikipedia.
Margraviate of Brandenburg
Naval history of Germany
Disbanded navies
16th-century establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Şabanözü, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The George Pólya Award is presented annually by the Mathematical Association of America (MAA) for articles of expository excellence that have been published in The College Mathematics Journal. The award was established in 1976 and up to two awards of $1,000 each are given in each year. The award is named after Hungarian mathematician George Pólya.
Recipients
Recipients of the George Pólya Award have included:
See also
List of mathematics awards
References
Awards of the Mathematical Association of America
In digital communications, an encoding law is a (typically non-uniform) allocation of signal quantization levels across the possible analog signal levels in an analog-to-digital converter system. They can be viewed as a simple form of instantaneous companding.
The best-known encoding laws are the μ-law and A-law encoding laws defined in the ITU-T standard G.711 for use in digital telephony, and still used to the present day.
References
Digital signal processing
Palos is an impact crater on Mars, located on the southern margin of Amenthes Planum. Its name was approved in 2000, and refers to a town in Spain.
Tinto Vallis ends in Palos crater, breaching the southwestern rim. Water flowed through Tinto Vallis and probably pooled in Palos before exiting in the gap in the north rim of the crater.
References
Impact craters on Mars
The Trenton Historic District in Trenton, Tennessee is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included 96 contributing buildings.
According to its National Register nomination, "The District is a cultural resource, not only for its attractive tree-lined streets which lead to the public square, but for its enduring ties with the past. Despite alterations and the intrusion of modern structures which do not meet the architectural standards of the preceding generations, the Trenton District retains its well-established residential character and represents the largest collection of historic architecture within Gibson County."
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Gibson County, Tennessee
Greek Revival architecture in Tennessee
Queen Anne architecture in Tennessee
The Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A2 (Brazilian Women's National Championship Second Level) is an annual Brazilian women's club football tournament organized by the CBF.
The semi-finalists are promoted to Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1. The distribution of participating teams will be by the CBF Women's Football Ranking and from 2018 onwards, it will be by state representatives who will dispute a preliminary phase to define the participants.
Distribution
In 2017
The top 16 in the CBF Women's Football Ranking who are not already in the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1.
16 Associations.
In 2018
The 2 relegateds of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1 last year;
The first state of the RNF (National Ranking of Federations) has the right to a representative;
The other states have one representative each in the preliminary phase.
29 Associations.
In 2019
The 2 relegateds of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1 last year;
One representative from each of the 27 states;
The top 7 in the CBF Ranking (Male) that are not already in the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1.
36 Associations.
In 2020
The 4 relegateds of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1 last year;
One representative from each of the 27 states;
The top 5 in the CBF Ranking (Male) that are not already in the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1
36 Associations.
In 2021
The 4 relegateds of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1 last year;
One representative from each of the 27 states;
The top 5 in the CBF Ranking (Male) that are not already in the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1
36 Associations.
In 2022
The 4 teams relegated from the previous year's Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1;
The remaining 12 of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A2
16 Associations.
List of Champions
Below is a list of all Campeonato Brasileiro Série A2 champions:
See also
Sport in Brazil
Football in Brazil
Women's football in Brazil
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A1
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A3
Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino
Copa Libertadores Femenina
Notes
References
External links
Official website
soccerway.com, fixtures and results
Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino
Penica peritheta is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Mexico.
References
Gracillariinae
Marina Chan (born Nur Marina Chan Si Min Alif Abdullah; 24 December 1997) is a Singaporean freestyle and butterfly swimmer. Hailing from a prominent swimming family, Chan only took up the sport in their first year of high school. They have represented their country at the FINA World Cup, Asian Games, Asian Swimming Championships, Commonwealth Games, Youth Olympic Games and the Asian Youth Games with their aim win a gold medal at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Career
Chan was first selected to represent their country at the Singaporean leg of the 2010 FINA Swimming World Cup where, aged just 12, they competed in four events. In July the following year, Chan set their first national under 17's record in the 4 × 100-metre freestyle relay at the 2011 ASEAN School Games and finished the year by competing at the Stockholm, Moscow, Berlin and Singapore legs of 2011 FINA Swimming World Cup.
In June 2012, Chan won first major medal at the inaugural Southeast Asian Swimming Championships in Singapore. Swimming alongside Koh Hui Yu, Amanda Lim and Teo Jing Wen, the foursome won gold and the set the first Championship record in the 4 × 200-metre freestyle relay. Less than a month later, at the 2012 ASEAN School Games in Surabaya, Indonesia, Chan as part of the team that took out the 4 × 100-metre freestyle relay. Posting a time of 3:56.55, this shaved 0.69 seconds off the national under 17's record and narrowly missed Thailand's meet record of 3:56.14. Chan also finished with a bronze in the 800-metre freestyle, stopping the clock at 9:15.12.
During the Tokyo leg of the 2012 FINA Swimming World Cup, Chan set a personal best in the 50-metre freestyle of 26.46 seconds. At the eighth and final leg in Singapore, Chan covered the distance in 26.45, setting a new personal best by 0.01 seconds, eclipsing the time they set four days prior.
After gaining valuable experience by competing in the Dubai Asian Swimming Championships in December 2012, Chan won four silver medals at the 2013 Asian Youth Games in Nanjing. Individually, they were runner-up in the 50-metre and 100-metre freestyle events. They then teamed with up Samantha Yeo, Stacy Tan and Meagan Lim to come second in the 4 × 100-metre medley relay and in the 4 × 100-metre freestyle relay, Chan with Yeo, Hoong En Qi and Rachel Tseng set a new national 17's record time, bettering the previous record by 1.88 seconds.
Chan started 2014 by claiming three individual gold medals and a silver at the 2014 Southeast Asian Age Group Swimming Championships in Singapore. Swimming in the 14–16 aged group, Chan won the 100-metre freestyle in 56.87 and the 50-metre butterfly in 27.91, both new championship record and personal best times. They also took out the 50-metre freestyle in 26.31 narrowly missing the championship record of 26.28 set by Thailand's Jenjira Srisaard in 2012. Chan won their silver medal in the 200-metre freestyle. Finishing 2.12 seconds behind Vietnam's Nguyễn Thị Ánh Viên, Chan stopped the clock at 2:04.44 inside the old championship record of 2:04.65 set by Benjaporn Sriphanomthorn of Thailand in 2011. Chan was also part of a Thailand clean sweep, taking out all three female relays in new championship record times. In the 4 × 100-metre freestyle Chan, Rachel Tseng, Christie Chue and Hannah Quek recorded a time of 3:54.66. This also broke national under 17's record by one hundredth of a second. In the 4 × 200-metre freestyle, Chan, Tseng, Chue and Jing Wen Quah smashed the meet record by over 9 seconds, lowering it to 8:30.84 and in the final event of the meet Chan with Tseng, Chue and Tan Jing-E just got home over Thailand in the 4 × 100-metre medley relay, posting a time of 4:20.25. This time also shaved 0.12 seconds off the under 17's record.
Two weeks later at the 2014 Southeast Asian Swimming Championships in Singapore, Chan won gold in the 50-metre butterfly in a new championship record and personal best time of 27.49. Chan also won six silver medals and set a new personal best of 1:01.67 in the 100-metre butterfly. One month later at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Chan competed in six events before heading to the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing in August where they reached the semi-finals 50-metre butterfly and the 50-metre freestyle. In September, Chan competed at 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea, where in the final of 50-metre freestyle they achieved a new personal best time of 25.91, breaking the 26-second barrier for the first time.
Personal life
Marina Chan comes from a prominent Singaporean family.  They are the daughter of Bernard Chan, an Olympic swimmer and niece of Pat Chan, dubbed "Singapore's Golden Girl". Them uncles Alex Chan and Roy Chan both represented Singapore in swimming at the Asian Games with Roy going on to earn the President's Scholarship. Them other uncle is renowned composer Mark Chan and their aunt, Victoria Chan-Palay, was also a President's Scholar who went on to be first in their class at Harvard Medical School and is the first woman to graduate summa cum laude from Harvard Medical School.  They are a notable neuroscientist who has worked in the United States and Switzerland as an Alzheimer's expert. Marina is also the granddaughter of the decorated swimming coach Chan Ah Kow. When asked about their family's success and the pressure to live up to it, Chan replied "It's a family legacy and I should be proud of it. There's a bit of pressure, but in a good way. (But) I want to be my own swimmer."
In July 2014, Chan was one of the 300 athletes to receive the Singapore Olympic Foundation Peter Lim Scholarship. Launched in 2010, the scholarship aims to provide financial assistance to outstanding young athletes from financially challenged backgrounds to facilitate their pursuit in sports excellence. Upon receiving the award Chan stated that they will use it to focus towards how they are able to improve their training. "So with that financial help, I'll be able to go overseas for training camps. That is the type of support I need to push myself further."
Personal bests
Below is Chan's personal best times.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Singaporean female butterfly swimmers
Singaporean female freestyle swimmers
Commonwealth Games competitors for Singapore
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Swimmers at the 2014 Asian Games
Swimmers at the 2018 Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games medalists in swimming
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Singapore
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
20th-century Singaporean women
21st-century Singaporean women
Ralph McLean is a Northern Irish TV presenter, radio DJ, arts commentator, radio producer and newspaper columnist.
Television
McLean presents entertainment TV shows such as The Blackstaff Sessions, First Stop, 11th Hour and Belfast Festival At Queens. They have presented The World Pipe Band Championships for BBC Northern Ireland for several years and worked on numerous shows and specials such as Would You Pass The 11+ and The Big Bumper Science Quiz and also presented several productions for BBC Four. They have interviewed celebrities such as Dustin Hoffman, Harrison Ford, Tommy Lee Jones, Mick Jagger, Dolly Parton and Angelina Jolie.
Radio
McLean presents The Ralph McLean Show from Tuesday to Thursday between 8 and 10pm, playing music from classic rock to soul to country and blues
They have presented their own two-hour roots show on Friday nights for many years on BBC Radio Ulster, interviewing many of the biggest names in country music such as Emmylou Harris and Nanci Griffith. They have also produced and presented many shows like Classic Irish Albums and produced numerous acclaimed documentary series such as The Sinéad O'Connor Story, The Tammy Wynette Story and The Loretta Lynn Story for BBC Radio 2.
In 2007 McLean won Specialist Music Broadcaster Of The Year in the PPI Awards.
Newspaper work
McLean writes a popular weekly country music column for The Sunday Life and a cult movies page for The Irish News every Friday.
Selected appearances
Television
The Blackstaff Sessions - BBC Two Northern Ireland (three series of the live music TV show)
Festival Nights - BBC Two Northern Ireland (four series of three times weekly panel review show for Belfast Festival)
Four Series Of First Stop - BBC One Northern Ireland (Weekly Prime Time Entertainment show co -presented with Christine Bleakley)
Opening Night Of Belfast Festival At Queens 2004 - BBC Four
Chieftains In Concert - BBC Four
Three Series of 11th Hour - BBC Choice (three times weekly entertainment show)
Burns And Beyond - BBC One Northern Ireland (Burns Night Ulster Scots Special)
Burns Night Concert - BBC One Northern Ireland 2006
World Pipe Bands Championships/All Ireland Finals - BBC Two Northern Ireland
Children in Need 2001–Present - BBC One
Radio
The Ralph McLean Show 2006–Present BBC Radio Ulster
McLeans Country 1999–present BBC Radio Ulster
Classic Irish Albums 2006 BBC Radio Ulster
The Afternoon Show BBC Radio Ulster 2006
The Vinyl Countdown BBC Radio Ulster 2003
References
External links
BBC Ralph McLean Website
Ralph's personal website
Ralph's myspace page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
DJs from Northern Ireland
Radio presenters from Northern Ireland
Electronic dance music DJs
Mount Mayabobo is a cinder cone situated at the base of Mount Banahaw, in Barangay Mayabobo, Candelaria, Quezon in Luzon island, Philippines. Approximately with a height of , it is a tourist destination for local residents of Candelaria and nearby municipalities, since it has a telecommunication site at its summit for sight-seeing and hiking.
Sources
Global Volcanism Program: Banáhao: Synonyms and Subfeatures
Mountains of the Philippines
Volcanoes of Luzon
Cinder cones
Landforms of Quezon
Seychelles first participated at the Olympic Games in 1980, and has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then, missing only the 1988 Games when Seychelles did not respond to the invitation sent by the IOC. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no Seychellois athlete has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for Seychelles was created in 1979 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Seychelles at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Seychelles
Seychelles at the Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
La Count Mountain () is a mostly ice-free mountain, high, forming the northern portion of the Battleship massif, located between Rotunda Glacier, Blankenship Glacier, and Ferrar Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica. The mountain was studied by geologist Warren Hamilton of the United States Geological Survey during the 1958–59 season. It was named in 1992 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Ronald La Count, Manager of the Polar Operations Section, Division of Polar Programs, at the National Science Foundation, 1984–90.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Hangya railway station () is a station on the Chinese Qinghai–Tibet Railway.
Station layout
See also
Qinghai–Tibet Railway
List of stations on Qinghai–Tibet railway
References
Railway stations in Qinghai
Stations on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway
Major General Mamadu Ture Kuruma (or N'Krumah; born 26 April 1947) is a Bissau-Guinean military vice-chief of staff and the leader of the Military Command that took power following a coup against acting president Raimundo Pereira and former prime minister and leading candidate for president Carlos Gomes Júnior. On 13 April, they promised to form a national unity government within days. On 18 May 2012, the United Nations Security Council adopted a resolution on the travel ban for members of the Military Command, including Kuruma.
References
Bissau-Guinean military personnel
Leaders who took power by coup
Living people
Presidents of Guinea-Bissau
1947 births
Bissau-Guinean Muslims
St. Rose Dominican Hospital – San Martín Campus is a non-profit hospital owned and operated by Dignity Health and is located in Enterprise, Nevada. The hospital provides 147 beds all located in private rooms.
In late 2006, the San Martín Campus opened in the southwest corner of the valley becoming the third St. Rose Dominican facility in Southern Nevada and expanded the system's reach outside of Henderson.
History
One of the nation's five largest health care systems, Dignity Health is a 21-state network of nearly 9,000 physicians, 55,000 employees, and more than 380 care centers, including hospitals, urgent and occupational care, imaging centers, home health, and primary care clinics. Headquartered in San Francisco.
Services
Opened in November 2006
147 beds
Services and Features:
Cardiology/Electrophysiology (EP) Lab/Open-Heart Surgery Center
Chapel and chaplains
Community Outreach Programs
Emergency Department
Get Well Network
Healing Garden
Home Health and Hospice services
Intensive Care Unit
Inpatient laboratory services
In- and out-patient surgical and rehabilitative services
Joint Replacement Center
Level II Neonatal Intensive Care Unit
Obstetrical services (Maternal Child Center)
Palliative Care
Pediatrics
Radiology services, including digital diagnostics
Respiratory
Wound Healing & Hyperbaric Medicine Center
See also
St. Rose Dominican Hospital – Rose de Lima Campus
St. Rose Dominican Hospital – Siena Campus
References
External links
2006 establishments in Nevada
Buildings and structures in Spring Valley, Nevada
Dignity Health
Hospital buildings completed in 2006
Catholic hospitals in North America
Hospitals established in 2006
Hospitals in the Las Vegas Valley
Kankinara (Code: KNR) is a railway station in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal, which serves Bhatpara town. It lies on the Sealdah–Ranaghat line and is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system and is under the jurisdiction of Eastern Railway.
History
The Calcutta (Sealdah)–Kusthia line of Eastern Bengal Railway was opened to traffic in 1862. Eastern Bengal Railway worked on the eastern side of the Hooghly River.
Station complex
The platform is not very well sheltered. It has many facilities including water and sanitation. This railway station can be reached via the Amdanga Road in Bhatpara.
Electrification
The Sealdah–Ranaghat sector was electrified in 1963–64.
Gallery
References
External links
Trains from Kankinara to Sealdah
Trains from Sealdah to Kankinara
Railway stations in North 24 Parganas district
Sealdah railway division
Transport in Kolkata
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
The 2011–12 National League A season was the fifth ice hockey season of the National League A since the reorganization of the Swiss league. 12 teams participated in the league, which was won by EV Zug.
Regular season
Standings
Attendance
League Leaders
Scoring
Playoffs
Tournament Bracket
Quarter-Finals Results
EV Zug (1) vs. EHC Biel (8)
HC Davos (2) vs. ZSC Lions (7)
HC Fribourg-Gottéron (3) vs. HC Lugano (6)
Kloten Flyers (4) vs. SC Bern (5)
Semi-Finals Results
EV Zug (1) vs. ZSC Lions (7)
Fribourg-Gottéron HC (3) vs. SC Bern (5)
Final Results
SC Bern (5) vs. ZSC Lions (7)
Playout
The bottom 4 teams of the National League A will compete in a losing team advances tournament to determine if they should stay in the League. The loser of this tournament will compete against the champions of the National League B to determine which league they will play in next season.
Tournament Bracket
Semi-Finals Results
Genève-Servette HC (9) vs. Rapperswil-Jona Lakers (12)
SCL Tigers (10) vs. HC Ambrì-Piotta (11)
Final Results
Genève-Servette HC (9) vs. HC Ambrì-Piotta (11)
Playdowns
Ambrì-Piotta would later defeat SC Langenthal, Champions of the National League B, 4–1 to remain in the National League A
External links
1
Swiss
National League (ice hockey) seasons
Lee Hong-chi (; born 10 May 1990) is a Taiwanese actor.  They are best known for starring in the 2015 film Thanatos, Drunk, for which they were named Best New Performer at the 52nd Golden Horse Awards.
Early life
Lee was born in Jinshan District, New Taipei. They were educated at the Taipei Hwa Kang Arts School and at the Chinese Culture University.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Music video
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Taiwanese male film actors
21st-century Taiwanese male actors
Chinese Culture University alumni
Male actors from New Taipei
Male actors from Taipei
Taiwanese male television actors
Cuca Roseta is the first album released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in 2011 by Surco and Universal Music Portugal.
Track listing
Porque Voltas De Que Lei
Homem Português
Quem És Tu Afinal
Nos Teus Braços
Lisboa A Namorar
Maré Viva
Tortura
Marcha De Santo António
Saudades Do Brasil Em Portugal
Rua Do Capelão
Avé-Maria Fadista
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2011 debut albums
Portuguese-language albums
Universal Music Group albums
John Francis "Dick" McCabe (15 June 1877 – 21 June 1932) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy, St Kilda and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL); they used the pseudonym Dick McKay during their playing days and thus that is how their name appears in many football records.
From Essendon District, McCabe was a defender and was part of Fitzroy's inaugural VFL match in 1897. They spent another season at Fitzroy before crossing to St Kilda, which they captained in 1901. Finally, McCabe played for South Melbourne, but finished their 148-game career without making a single finals appearance, which was a VFL record at the time.
They crossed to Williamstown in the VFA early in the 1907 season and was full-back in the premiership team of that year, 'Town's first pennant-winning side. They played for the Villagers in 1907 and 1908 before crossing to Port Melbourne in 1909 and then returning to Williamstown early in 1910. After two further games they retired, 14 seasons of senior football having finally taken its toll on their body. They played 31 games and kicked 2 goals for Williamstown, and a further 17 matches for Port Melbourne.
McKay was later a boundary umpire for the VFL and in 1918 officiated in a Junction Oval match as the field umpire, replacing Arthur Norden during the third quarter following an injury.
References
External links
1877 births
1932 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Fitzroy Football Club players
St Kilda Football Club players
Sydney Swans players
Australian Football League umpires
Wikification may refer to:
the application of wiki markup to text
in computer science, entity linking with Wikipedia as the target knowledge base
Vaibhav Arora (born 14 December 1997) is an Indian cricketer. The Haryana-born cricketer made their first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Himachal Pradesh in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Himachal Pradesh in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
In February 2021, Arora was bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL auction ahead of the 2021 Indian Premier League. They made their List A debut on 21 February 2021, for Himachal Pradesh in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy, taking a hat-trick in the match. In February 2022, they were bought by the Punjab Kings in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament. On their Punjab Kings debut, Arora took the wickets of Robin Uthappa and Moeen Ali.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
People from Ambala
Himachal Pradesh cricketers
Punjab Kings cricketers
Oakes College is a residential college at the University of California, Santa Cruz. It is on the southwestern corner of the campus, south of Rachel Carson College and east of the Family Student Housing complex.
Oakes was founded in 1972 as College Seven by Professors Herman J. Blake and Ralph C. Guzmán. In 1968, the Black Liberation Front, a black power group, demanded an all-black college. Blake, UCSC's only African American faculty member at the time, along with Guzmán, one of the few Mexican-American faculty on campus, proposed a compromise in which College Seven's academic program would focus on ethnic studies, particularly the studies of minority groups in California. Though the term ethnic studies was dropped in the planning phases, the college has always stressed racial, ethnic and cultural diversity, along with the representation and support of students from historically disadvantaged groups.
Oakes is perceived by some students as a "minority college", partly due to its roots in radical elements of the Civil Rights Movement. Comparative racial and ethnic statistics do show that Oakes' student body has slightly higher percentages of minorities than a number of other UCSC colleges and UCSC's student body as a whole. For example, 9.8% of Oakes's students are African American and 12.2% are Filipino American, compared with 2.7% and 4.5%, respectively, among UCSC's general student body.
College Seven was renamed Oakes in 1975 after philanthropists Roscoe and Margaret Oakes, whose endowment contributed significantly to the founding of the college.
Noted political activist Angela Davis, an Oakes affiliate,
is a professor of history of consciousness, an unconventional program centering on the history of struggles for racial, economic and social justice and equality.
Theme housing
Oakes College provides theme housing for their students that want to live on campus. There are four dormitory buildings and four apartment blocks.
Dormitory buildings
Biko House – African American theme and STEM Community
Hong-Lim House - Asian American/Pacific Islander themes
Bayit Wiesel - Jewish, GLBTI themes
Casa Huerta - Chicano/Latino theme
Apartment blocks
Casa Kahlo - Chicano/Latino Theme
Shabazz Block - African American Theme
Milk Block - Jewish, GLBTI Themes
Lili'uokalani Minami Block - Asian American/Pacific Islander Themes
Notes
External links
University of California, Santa Cruz colleges
The 2016 Chinese Women's Super League season was the league's second season in the league's current incarnation, and the 20th total season of the women's association football league in China.
Results
Jiangsu Suning won its playoff match against lower-division CWFL Zhejiang to remain in the CWSL. People's Liberation Army F.C. were relegated to the lower division league.
Honors and awards
Best XI
Source: Chinese Football Association
Annual awards
Best Young Player: Yan Jinjin, Shanghai Yongbai
Best Coach of the League: Shui Qingxia, Shanghai Yongbai
Golden Glove: Bi Xiaolin, Dalian Quanjian F.C.
Golden Boot: Ma Xiaoxu, Dalian Quanjian F.C.
Most Valuable Player: Ma Xiaoxu, Dalian Quanjian F.C.
References
2016
2016–17 domestic women's association football leagues
2015–16 domestic women's association football leagues
+
NNFCC is a consultancy company specialising in bioenergy, biofuels and bio-based products.
History
Established by the UK Government in 2003 as the National Non-Food Crops Centre (NNFCC) to help extend the competitive non-food uses of crops, NNFCC is now an international consultancy providing advice on the conversion of biomass to bioenergy, biofuels and bio-based products.
The company is based in the BioCentre on the York Science Park and was opened in November 2003 by Larry Whitty, Baron Whitty. The current Chief Executive Officer is Dr Jeremy Tomkinson and the chair of the Board of Directors is Professor Michael Roberts, CBE.
Company information
NNFCC specialises in providing information and knowledge on the supply of biomass, its use in industrial applications and the fate of biomaterials at their end-of-life.
NNFCC operate in five separate sectors:
Feedstock
Bioenergy
Biofuels
Bio-based products
Biorefining
The company undertakes consultancy for a wide range of organisations, including British Airways, INEOS, BASF, Braskem and NatureWorks. NNFCC also receive funding and is a delivery partner for the UK Government's Department for Energy and Climate Change.
In addition to the consultancy offered by NNFCC, the company also have paid membership for businesses and individuals.
See also
Non-Food Crops
Advanced Biofuels
Biofuels
Bioliquids
Biomass
Bioplastic
Biorefinery
Anaerobic Digestion
Hemp
Vegetable oil
References
External links
NNFCC Homepage
The Official Source for Information on AD and Biogas
BBC article: Future of biofuels
Daily Telegraph article: Cars powered by rubbish 'in two years time'
Guardian article: One day, all houses will be built this way
Agriculture companies of the United Kingdom
Bioenergy organizations
Biofuel in the United Kingdom
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Non-food crops
Organisations based in York
Organizations established in 2003
Private companies limited by guarantee of the United Kingdom
Research institutes in North Yorkshire
University of York
James Stuart (1802 – 26 May 1842) was an Irish surgeon and medical official in New South Wales and Norfolk Island, as well as a noted illustrator of natural history.
Family
Born in Ireland in about 1802, Stuart was the son of Thomas Stuart, allegedly the illegitimate son of Thomas Smyth, MP for Limerick City. Their uncle was the Indian Army officer Charles "Hindoo" Stuart, a notable Indophile.
One of their eight brothers was the diplomat Major Robert Stuart, and Robert Stuart King, the footballer and clergyman, was their great-nephew.
Medical career
Stuart arrived in Australia in June 1834 and remained there until their death eight years later. In a letter to their sister Margaret, they recounted their journey "by the ship Jessie from Liverpool, which place we left in December 1833 and after encountering very stormy weather we were obliged to put into Falmouth. We left the latter place in February and after a fine passage we put into Talbot Bay at the beautiful Town of the Cape of Good Hope. From this we sailed to Hobart Town and thence to Sydney, nothing remarkable occurring on the passage except that we were sometimes in danger from the drunkenness and consequent incapacity of our Captain".
They served as colonial assistant surgeon in New South Wales and Norfolk Island. They took charge of the sick who arrived at Sydney on board the emigrant ship Minerva on 24 January 1838. Of the 198 steerage passengers, 86 contracted typhus, 14 of whom died during the passage.
From 1838 to 1840 Stuart was a assistant surgeon on Norfolk Island, and by 1841 they were the acting medical officer in charge of the North Head Quarantine Station in Sydney.
Illustrations
Stuart was a keen natural historian and illustrated many species of mammals, birds, insects, fish and plants during their time in Australia.
Many of the drawings were bequeathed to William Sharp Macleay and later given to the Linnean Society of New South Wales. They are now held by the New South Wales state archives and the Mitchell Library.
Death and legacy
Stuart died suddenly at Lake Innes House in Port Macquarie, New South Wales, on 26 May 1842. Two earlier bouts of typhus, presumably contracted from incoming disease-ridden ships, may have hastened their death.
William Sharp Macleay named the brown antechinus (Antechinus stuartii) after them in 1841.
References
Further reading
Musgrave, A. (1955). Dr James Stuart: Artist Naturalist. Erskenville, NSW.
Olsen, Penny. (2001). Feather and Brush: Three Centuries of Australian Bird Art. Melbourne, CSIRO Publishing. 240 pp (with numerous colour illustrations).
Pearce, Barry. (1989). Australian Artists, Australian Birds. Angus & Robertson: Sydney.
1802 births
1842 deaths
Australian naturalists
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian bird artists
19th-century Australian painters
19th-century Australian male artists
Australian male painters
Byhalia is an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , at the intersection of State Routes 31 and 739.
The Byhalia Post office was established on February 16, 1852. As of 1877, the community contained one store, one physician, and one sawmill. The post office was discontinued on February 14, 1906. The mail service is now sent through the Richwood branch.
References
Unincorporated communities in Union County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Khnum or also romanised Khnemu (; , ) was one of the earliest-known Egyptian deities, originally the god of the source of the Nile. Since the annual flooding of the Nile brought with it silt and clay, and its water brought life to its surroundings, they were thought to be the creator of the bodies of human children, which they made at a potter's wheel, from clay, and placed in their mothers' wombs. They were later described as having moulded the other deities, and they had the titles "Divine Potter" and "Lord of created things from himself".
General information
The worship of Khnum centered on two principal riverside sites, Elephantine and Esna, which were regarded as sacred sites. At Elephantine, they were worshipped alongside Satis and Anuket. At Esna, they were worshipped alongside Menhit, Nebtu, Neith and Heka. Khnum was regarded as the guardian of the source of the Nile River. Their significance led to early theophoric names of him, for children, such as Khnum-Khufwy "Khnum is my Protector", the full name of Khufu, builder of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
Khnum has also been related to the deity Min.
Temple at Elephantine
The temple at Elephantine was dedicated to Khnum, their consort Satis, and their daughter, Anuket. The temple dates back to at least the Middle Kingdom. By the Eleventh Dynasty, Khnum, Satis and Anuket are all attested at Elephantine.
During the New Kingdom, finds from the time of Ramesses II show Khnum was still worshipped there.
Opposite Elephantine, on the east bank at Aswan, Khnum, Satis and Anuket are shown on a chapel wall dating to the Ptolemaic Kingdom.
Temple at Esna
In Esna, a temple was dedicated to Khnum, Neith and Heka, among other deities. This temple began construction in Ptolemaic times, but most of the surviving parts of the temple were built in Roman times.
Khnum is sometimes depicted as a crocodile-headed god. Nebt-uu and Menhit are Khnum's principal consorts and Heka is their eldest son and successor. Both Khnum and Neith are referred to as creator deities in the texts at Esna. Khnum is sometimes referred to as the "father of the fathers" and Neith as the "mother of the mothers". They later become the parents of Ra, who is also referred to as Khnum-Re.
Other
The Temple of Beit el-Wali of Ramesses II contained statues of Khnum, Satis and Anukis, along with statues of Isis and Horus.
In other locations, such as Herwer (Tuna el-Gebel perhaps), as to moulder and creator of the human body, they were sometimes regarded as the consort of Heket, or of Meskhenet, whose responsibility was breathing life into children at the moment of birth, as the kꜣ ("ka").
Artistic conventions
In art, Khnum was usually depicted as a ram-headed man at a potter's wheel, with recently created children's bodies standing on the wheel. They were also shown holding a jar from which flowed a stream of water.
References
External links
Creator gods
Sea and river gods
Mythological caprids
Horned gods
Personifications of rivers
Nile
Personifications
Clifford is an electoral ward of Trafford, Greater Manchester, covering most of the Old Trafford area of Stretford. It is the north-easternmost ward of Trafford and is bordered to the west by the Longford and Gorse Hill wards.
Councillors
Since 2022, the councillors are Sophie Taylor (Labour), Akilah Akinola (Labour), and Waseem Hassan (Labour).
indicates seat up for re-election.
indicates seat up for election following resignation of sitting councillor.
Elections in the 2020s
May 2022
May 2021
Elections in the 2010s
May 2019
May 2018
May 2016
May 2015
May 2014
May 2012
May 2011
May 2010
Elections in the 2000s
May 2008
May 2007
May 2006
May 2004
May 2003
May 2002
May 2000
Elections in the 1990s
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1970s
References
External links
Trafford Council
Wards of Trafford
1974 establishments in England
Stretford
Regina Zernay Roberts is an American instrumentalist, singer, and songwriter.  They are lead singer and bass player of Detroit Diesel Power. They played bass guitar and Moog synthesizer with Scarlet Fever, the all-female backing band that toured with Cee Lo Green during 2010 and 2011. They toured several years in the New Orleans cowpunk band, Cowboy Mouth; was founding bassist/singer of Los Angeles punk rock band Méchant; and was bassist for the hard rock band, Halfcocked.
Biography
Regina Zernay was born in Queens, New York, but grew up in a tiny Florida village.
 They are the first-born child of Polish and Filipino parents.
After moving to La Puente in Los Angeles County, California, they graduated from Nogales High School and Azusa Pacific University. They married Darren Roberts in 2009.
Early years
Even as a young child, they wanted to be a musician. There was always a piano in the house. They took lessons until a conflict with their teacher about writing with their left hand.
They began playing guitar at age 11, inspired by (her "first love as a teenager") Duran Duran. In high school, friends needed a bass guitarist for their band, their mother bought their one for Christmas, and they "totally fell in love with it." Although they are left-handed, they play a standard right-handed instrument.
After high school, they did their first West Coast tour for two weeks with a band in small pickup, often in difficult living conditions; but nothing made them happier than playing bass. They polished their craft playing with many bands, in small clubs and venues throughout Southern California, sometimes three bands concurrently.
Influences
In addition to Duran Duran, in high school they played music by Social Distortion, the Dead Kennedys, Black Flag, Agent Orange, The Toy Dolls, and The Ramones.
Later role models include John Paul Jones of Led Zeppelin, and Ben Shepherd from Soundgarden.
Breakout success
Zernay has played and recorded with many Southern California bands, such as Big Violin (their music was featured on The Real World), Ten Pound Troy, The Syrups, and Red Delicious.
In 2001, they joined hard rock band Halfcocked (on the DreamWorks imprint Megatronic Records) during their final tour.
They also performed with hip hop/rock band Jam Balaya, appearing on two episodes of Half & Half in 2005.
They were featured as the front-cover Bass Quarterly interview for the issue of January/February 2011,
and was chosen number 3 of the top 10
bassists to watch in 2010.
More recently, they have toured with Red Elvises during November 2011 through December 2012.
Méchant
Circa late 2002, Zernay formed their own band, Méchant (French meaning "wicked"). They were the primary songwriter and original bassist for the band. One of their early tracks, "Sweet", was included in the short film Outta Moves in 2005. With the help of several musician friends, they began recording a second CD in 2005, Fate and The Arsenal. The band remained active until 2007.
Cowboy Mouth
From 2007 to 2010, Zernay performed with Cowboy Mouth,
playing more than 200 shows annually,
including a two-week USO tour in Kuwait and Iraq.
During their time with them, Cowboy Mouth released the live concert DVD The Name of the Band is Cowboy Mouth and the full-length CD Fearless. They were also featured as a cartoon in The New Yorker,
and performed on Live with Regis and Kelly twice.
Scarlet Fever
Beginning in June 2010, they toured with Cee Lo Green and the all-female backing band named Scarlet Fever on promotional tours for "What Part of Forever" (from The Twilight Saga: Eclipse soundtrack) and The Lady Killer album.
They performed for The Tonight Show with Jay Leno,
BBC Radio,Late Show with David Letterman,Saturday Night Live,
and many other venues. Core band members include Sharon Aguilar (lead guitar, violin), Brittany Brooks (drums), and DANiiVORY née Theresa Flaminio (keyboards, background vocals).
Detroit Diesel Power
Circa late 2011, Zernay and their husband formed a punk band, Detroit Diesel Power. They debuted at Molly Malone's on July 2, 2013,
and again at The Viper Room on July 23, 2013,
both in Los Angeles, California.
Other members include Patrick Jones (drums) and Michael Martinsson.
Their first EP, "16:16", was released December 1, 2013.
Discography
Albums with Méchant
Fate and the Arsenal 2-Song EP Albums with Cowboy Mouth
Fearless DVD with Cowboy Mouth
The Name of the Band is Cowboy Mouth Albums with Detroit Diesel Power
16:16''
References
External links
Detroit Diesel Power
official site
Podshow site
American people of Polish descent
American musicians of Filipino descent
American alternative rock musicians
American women pop singers
American punk rock bass guitarists
People from Queens, New York
American punk rock singers
American women rock singers
Songwriters from New York (state)
Women bass guitarists
Women punk rock singers
Azusa Pacific University alumni
Cowboy Mouth members
Living people
Scarlet Fever (band) members
21st-century American women
The scaly-bellied woodpecker (Picus squamatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in the Indian subcontinent and adjoining regions, ranging across Afghanistan, Iran, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Turkmenistan.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are boreal forests, temperate forests, and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
Large, green woodpecker with distinct scaling from breast to vent. Similar to streak-throated woodpecker but larger and with unstreaked throat and upper breast. Black moustache and black bored white supercilia. Tail strongly barred. Crown red in male, blackish in female. Large pale bill.
References
scaly-bellied woodpecker
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Pakistan
scaly-bellied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marie Litzinger (May 14, 1899 – April 7, 1952) was an American mathematician known for their research in number theory, homogeneous polynomials, and modular arithmetic.
Early life and education
Marie Litzinger was born in Bedford, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Rush Litzinger and Katherine O'Connell Litzinger. Them father owned a marble works, and was an accountant for the Pennsylvania Railroad.
Litzinger earned their bachelor's degree and master's degree at Bryn Mawr College in 1920 and 1922, respectively. They won the college's European Fellowship in 1920. They completed their Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in 1934. Them doctoral advisor was Leonard Eugene Dickson, one of the first American researchers in abstract algebra. Them dissertation was titled "A Basis for Residual Polynomials in n Variables."
Career
While studying, Litzinger taught mathematics at secondary institutions, before becoming an instructor at Mount Holyoke College in 1925, where they remained for the rest of their career and rose to the rank of full professor in 1942. They also served as department chair. They were a member of the American Mathematical Society, among other professional societies.
Personal life
Litzinger died in their hometown, Bedford, Pennsylvania, in 1952, aged 52 years.
References
1899 births
1952 deaths
American women mathematicians
Bryn Mawr College alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Mount Holyoke College faculty
20th-century American mathematicians
20th-century women mathematicians
20th-century American women
Vučkovica is a village located in the municipality of Lučani, southwestern Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 326 inhabitants. There is an artificial lake "Goli Kamen" located in the village; it was built in 1990 and covers an area of 7.6 hectares.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Sergey Shumilkin (; born 30 October 1986) is a retired Russian badminton player. In 2013, they became the runner-up of White Nights tournament with their partner Viktoriia Vorobeva in mixed doubles event and Andrej Ashmarin in men's doubles event.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's Doubles
Mixed Doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
flashcsore.com Sergey Shumilkin
1986 births
Living people
Russian male badminton players
"Can You Forgive Her?" is a 1993 song by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys, released as the first single from their fifth studio album, Very (1993). The lyrics describe in the second person a young man's humiliation when their girlfriend accuses them of still being in love with a childhood friend; the woman is "not prepared to share you with a memory", and is "going to go and get themselves a real man instead". The title of the song derives from the Anthony Trollope novel of the same name.
"Can You Forgive Her?" was released on 31 May 1993 as the lead single from Very, and became the duo's 13th top-10 single on the UK Singles Chart, debuting and peaking at number seven. Despite failing to enter the US Billboard Hot 100, it became a number-one single on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart. The song reached the top 10 in Denmark, Finland, Italy and Sweden.
The second B-side, "What Keeps Mankind Alive?", appears on the 2001 re-release of Introspective, having originally being recorded for a BBC Radio programme in 1988 narrated by Sting celebrating the 60th anniversary of Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill's musical The Threepenny Opera.
Marketing
In marketing for the single, the Pet Shop Boys adopted a costume involving orange overalls and extremely tall pointy hats ("dunce caps"). The music video was directed by Howard Greenhalgh and depicted the duo wearing the costumes while wandering in a surreal (partly) computer-generated environment. Live action shots were filmed in a number of either well known or futuristic locations around London. They cross London Bridge in the rush hour crowd and also walk over the footbridge at Poplar station on the Docklands Light Railway. They are shown at the top of The Monument in the City of London. The park scenes were filmed in Battersea Park and one shot shows them standing in one of the remaining sculptures from the 1951 Festival of Britain fun fair.
The single cover and two inserts with small models depicted Pet Shop Boys costumes, and were both photographed by Marcus Leith.
Critical reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic described the song as "quietly shocking". Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "First peek into PSB's new set, "Very", shows 'em hanging on the cutting edge of the trance/rave movement—a logical progression from their synth/pop salad days. Neil Tennant's distinctive "chat" singing is still oozing with deadpan charm, and partner Chris Lowe's penchant for quirky keyboard effects also remains intact." The Daily Vault's Michael R. Smith said it "make a strong impression right from the start". Caroline Sullivan from The Guardian commented, "As ever, it takes several listens for it to resolve itself into a distinctive tune; when it finally does, it's pretty wonderful. Juicy lyric too, something about being rejected by a girl who preferred 'a real man'." Alan Jones from Music Week wrote, "Typical sweeping orchestral stabs usher in the first Pet Shop Boys single in 18 months. Can You Forgive Her? is, equally typically, a highly mainstream and instant song, with oft-repeated and cheery chorus offsetting the usual mournful vocal from Neil Tennant." They added, "An obvious biggie." James Hamilton from the magazine's RM Dance Update described it as a "bouncy thumping strong "disco" anthem". A reviewer from People Magazine stated, "With their clipped "pass the Grey Poupon" elocution, Tennant talks/sings their way through a mid-tempo dance track about a man torn between their female lover and their closeted desire for a man."
Track listings
7-inch: Parlophone / R 6348 (UK)
A. "Can You Forgive Her?" – 3:54
B. "Hey, Headmaster" – 3:06
12-inch: Parlophone / 12R 6348 (UK)
A1. "Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Remix) – 6:00
A2. "Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Dub) – 4:51
B1. "Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Remix) – 7:26
B2. "Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Dub) – 5:53
12-inch: EMI / Y-56279 (US)
A1. "Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Remix) – 6:00
A2. "Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Dub) – 4:51
A3. "Can You Forgive Her?" – 3:54
B1. "Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Remix) – 7:28
B2. "Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Dub) – 5:53
CD 1: Parlophone / CDR 6348 (UK)
"Can You Forgive Her?" – 3:54
"Hey, Headmaster" – 3:06
"Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Remix)
"Can You Forgive Her?" (Rollo Dub)
CD 2: Parlophone / CDRS 6348 (UK)
"Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Remix) – 7:26
"I Want to Wake Up" (1993 Johnny Marr Remix) – 5:25
"What Keeps Mankind Alive?" – 3:25
"Can You Forgive Her?" (MK Dub) – 5:53
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1993 singles
1993 songs
Finntroll songs
LGBT-related songs
Music videos directed by Howard Greenhalgh
Parlophone singles
Pet Shop Boys songs
Songs written by Chris Lowe
Songs written by Neil Tennant
Christian businessmen's Connection (CBMC) is an international evangelical Christian mission organization to reach out to business people. CBMC began in Chicago in 1930, joined with other similar groups to create a national organization in 1937, and moved its headquarters to Chattanooga, Tennessee in 1978. Among its prominent early leaders was the industrialist R. G. LeTourneau. Timothy N. Philpot was President of CBMC International from July 1996 to September 2003.
According to the organization there are now 18,000 members in 700 teams in the US, and international branches in over 70 countries with over 50,000 members.
References
External links
Official website
Evangelical organizations established in the 20th century
Evangelicalism in Tennessee
1930 establishments in the United States
Men's religious organizations
Men's organizations in the United States
The Emirates Airline Festival of Literature (The Festival) is an international literature festival held annually in the United Arab Emirates. The festival is held under the patronage of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, under the auspices of the Emirates Literature Foundation and is run by Ahlam Bolooki. The festival's offices are located within the Dubai International Writers' Centre.
The festival is held each February in Dubai. It features more than 250 sessions and unique events including workshops, masterclasses, panel discussions and poetry readings. The programme has events for adults and children in Arabic, English, French as well as other languages. An estimated 44,000+ visitors attend the festival each year.
Along with daily sessions, the Festival conducts a "Fringe" for children to encourage local talent. Students also get the opportunity to meet international authors during the "Education Days".
The Festival is held at the Habtoor Palace, in Dubai, in partnership with Emirates Airline and the Dubai Culture & Arts Authority, the Emirates' authority for culture, arts, and heritage.
History
2009
In 2009, the Emirates Airline International Festival of Literature was launched with 65 international authors, including Chimamanda Adichie, Simon Armitage, Jung Chang, Imtiaz Dharker, Carol Ann Duffy, Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Nujoom Al-Ghanem, Philippa Gregory, Victoria Hislop, Ibrahim Kuni, Frank McCourt (his final appearance before their death), Mark Tully, among others. The theme of the festival was "There are places only books can take you".
2010
In 2010, the Festival was renamed the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature and its theme was "Debate, Inspire, Enjoy" welcomed over 80 authors, including Leila Aboulela, Martin Amis, Tim Butcher, Polly Dunbar, Maha Gargash, Abdo Khal, Yann Martel, Alexander McCall Smith, Mariam Al Saedi, Marjane Satrapi, Qais Sedki, Vikas Swarup, Dame Jacqueline Wilson, and many more.
2011
In 2011, the festival was themed "Face to Face" and about 120 authors were invited for the third Festival with a larger Arabic focus this time. Some of the attending authors were Mohammed Achaari, Kate Adie, Margaret Atwood, Aminatta Forna, Joumana Haddad, Madhur Jaffrey, Yang Lian, Michael Morpurgo, Michael Palin, Lionel Shriver, Wole Soyinka, the Nobel Prize for Literature winner, and many more.
2012
In 2012, The Festival offered a more diversified program, that focused on "Identity", by inviting authors, poets, celebrity chefs and publishers, such as John Agard, David Almond, Chetan Bhagat, Luigi Bonomi, Tim Bowler, Bobby Chinn, Ranjit Hoskote, Daljit Nagra, David Nicholls, Alastair Reynolds, Darren Shan, Sir Terry Wogan, and many more.
2013
"Heroes and Villains" was the Festival's theme for 2013. Five special evening activities are planned to celebrate the festival's fifth anniversary. They included a grand opening ceremony, Desert Stanzas, a night of poetry in the desert, the Murder Mystery Dinner, where international authors aided guests to solve a ‘murder,' The Lighter Side, making the best of the line-up of star writers, who also have a gift for comedy authors showed off their comedic skills and a closing event. Among the attendees were Jeffrey Archer, Ken Hom, Anupam Kher, Nik Gowing, Anthony Horowitz, Shobhaa De, Jeffery Deaver, Lynda La Plante, Ian Rankin, Dan Rather, and Tan Twan Eng. The Festival also welcomed Royal guests, such as Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who attended Desert Stanzas, Sheikh Mansoor bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, and Sheikha Bodour Bint Sultan Al Qasimi.
2014
In 2014 the festival was themed "Metamorphosis", there were about 169 attending authors in the sixth Festival, which was also the Festival's most significant. The Festival continued with the previous year's format, replacing The Lighter Side with Friday Rhythms, an evening of poetry and music with an innovative rock/poetry fusion performance by LiTTLe MaCHiNe. In addition, the Festival introduced new sessions, Literary Idol, a cross between Dragons' Den and Pop Idol, and Big Ideas, where authors went up on stage to speak on a topic of their choice along with the Festival Prologue, a series of three-day workshops held on the weekend before the Festival. Among the author attendees were Saud AlSanousi, Paddy Ashdown, Pam Ayres, Henry Blofeld, Eoin Colfer, Nicholas Evans, Richard and Judy, Vivian French, Sally Gardner, Joanne Harris, Christina Lamb, Andrew Motion, Jeremy Paxman, Sir Tim Rice, Ahdaf Soueif, and many more.
2015
In 2015, over 130 authors were attending the seventh festival, that was themed "Wonderland". The event featured best-selling authors worldwide, including Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Charley Boorman, Julia Donaldson, Nawal El-Saadawi, Sophie Hannah, Alexander McCall Smith, David Mitchell, Michael Morpurgo, They Sheikha Lubna Bint Khalid Al Qasimi, David Walliams, and Markus Zusak. The festival also presented the first-ever UAE appearance of the life-size War Horse puppets, Joey and Topthorn, at the War Horse Concert, and the performance of 'Knight of Peace' by Jason Kouchak to critical acclaim. Throughout the year, the festival had conducted a survey for the favorite Arabic and English books of the UAE. The results were announced during the festival to be Parapsychology by Ali Al-Wardi, as the top Arabic book and Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird as the top English book.
2016
In 2016, more than 150 authors were attending the eighth festival, which was held for over two weeks for the first time due to the high demand from authors worldwide to participate in the festival. it was themed "Time". Authors in attendance included Saud Alsanousi, Simon Armitage, Lauren Child, Ann Cleeves, Carol Ann Duffy, Lisa Faulkner, Farah Chamma, Maha Gargash, A. C. Grayling, Anthony Horowitz, Dom Joly, Robert Lindsay, Anchee Min, John Julius Norwich, Ian Rankin, John Torode, Marcia Williams, among a host of others from over 30 countries.
2017
"Journeys" was the theme for the festival's ninth year in 2017, over 180 authors attended the festival, which was held over nine days, including two packed weekends. Notable authors included Jeffrey Archer, Jon Ronson, Christina Lamb, Kathy Reichs, Francesca Simon, Alan Titchmarsh, Ben Miller, Kanishk Tharoor, Abdullah Al-Jumah, Nadiya Hussain, Andrew Davies, Lucy Hawking, Bothayna Wail Al Essa, Yasmina Khadra, Frank Gardner, Jo Malone, Eric Van Lustbader, Sana Amanat, John Hemingway, Omar Saif Ghobash, Nigel Cumberland, Farah Chamma, among many others. in addition to that, more than 30 countries were represented at the 2017 Festival, and of the 180+ authors, 40 were Emirati. The 2017 Festival had a strong focus on happiness and positivity, with several sessions discussing the ways to achieve happiness. A special panel discussion was also held at the festival featuring Ohood bint Khalfan Al Roumi, Minister of State for Happiness, discussing Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum's latest book, Reflections on Happiness and Positivity.
2018
In 2018, The 10th festival featured over 180 authors from nearly 50 countries and focused on the theme "Memories". Highlight authors included David Walliams, Kevin Kwan, Cheryl Strayed, Anthony Horowitz, Jacqueline Wilson, Shashi Tharoor, Saroo Brierley, Mahur Jaffrey, Ken Hom, Muhammad Yunus, Mohammed Hasan Alwan, Omar Saif Ghobash, and Rhianna Pratchett. For the first time, the festival hosted a poetry evening at the Dubai Opera. For the Love of Words, presented by the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature, Dubai Opera, the Ministry of Tolerance, and the British Council, gathered the best of the UK and UAE's contemporary poets under one roof. Khalid Al Budoor, Nujoom Nasser Al Ghanem, Afra Atiq, Carol Ann Duffy, Simon Armitage, John Agard, Imitiaz Dharkerre, Hussain Lootah, Roger McGough, Grace Nichols, Lemn Sissay, and Harry Baker enchanted a packed theatre of poetry performance enthusiasts.
The Emirates Airline Festival of Literature has also commemorated its 10th anniversary with the publication of a limited-edition book, which launched at the opening ceremony of the festival. For the Love of Words features eighty-four inspirational voices that have been a part of the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature over the years. The anthology is a collection of articles, poems, short stories, and illustrations that celebrate the love of words.
2019
In 2019, More than 180 authors gathered at the 11th Emirates Airline Festival of Literature. Highlight authors included Jeff Kinney, Nathan H. Lents, Chris Gardner, Ahmad AlShugairi, Dame Darcey Bussell, Tony Blackburn, Sally Helgesen, Saud Alsanousi, Jane Hawking, Cassandra Clare, Holly Black, Ian Rankin, and many more. The theme was "United by Words".
2020
In 2020, the program focused on "Tomorrow" and included over 130 well-known authors and personalities from a variety of fields. Hazzaa Al Mansoori, the first Emirati in space, was one of the attendees. As part of the festival's stance as a family-friendly event that appeals to audiences of all ages, Oliver Jeffers, a visual artist and children's book author, also attended the festival.
2021
The festival of 2021 was held in three venues, Jameel Arts Centre, InterContinental Dubai Festival City, and Alserkal Avenue, over three weekends. Additionally, the programme featured Malala Yousefzai and lemn sissay, as well as Avni Doshi, Shahad AlRawi, Shamma Al Bastaki and Danabelle Gutierre. Designers Camil Karam & Hussein Alazaat also attended and discussed the history and evolution of Arab publications as part of the programme that was themed "Change the Story".
2022
After the world started to recover from the pandemic in 2022 The Emirates Airline Festival of Literature took place at Habtoor City hotels, in Dubai, in partnership with Emirates Airline and the Dubai Culture & Arts Authority and was themed "Here Comes the Sun". The majority of the sessions were held there, but some special events were held at expo2020 and Jameel Arts Centre.some highlight guests include: Ashraf Al Ashmawi, David Edward Williams, Ahmed Mourad, Sara Gay Forden, Myrna Ayad, Julia Quinn, Azza Fahmy, Lucinda Dickens-Hawksley and Gary Vee. The festival also brought back the dessert stanzas event, which was highly anticipated.
Awards
The Emirates Airline Festival of Literature won the Middle East Event Awards' Best Festival Award three times, in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
The Festival was awarded Best Family Friendly Day Out Award at the Time Out Kids Awards 2016 and Favorite Festival at the What's On Awards 2016.
The Festival won the Best Arts & Culture Event at the Middle East Special Events Award in 2018.
In 2019, the festival won the MEPRA Awards in two categories: Gold Winner for Best Consumer Services Campaign and Gold Winner for Best Non-Profit/ Humanitarian/ Charitable Campaign.
In 2020, the festival won the Gold Award in MEPRA Awards for Best Arts & Culture Campaign.
In 2020, the festival won the Gulf Sustainability and CSR awards, in two categories: Best Sustainability Education or Awareness Program, and Best Community Development.
In 2021, the festival won the Gold Award in MEPRA Awards for Best Arts & Culture Campaign, Best Consumer Services Campaign and Best Use of Limited Budget.
References
Literary festivals in the United Arab Emirates
The Emirates Group
Spring (season) events in the United Arab Emirates
Thomas W. Forster (May 1, 1859 – July 17, 1946) was an American professional baseball player who played second base in 1882 for the Detroit Wolverines of the National League and from 1884–1886 for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys and New York Metropolitans of the American Association.
External links
Baseball players from New York (state)
Detroit Wolverines players
Pittsburgh Alleghenys players
New York Metropolitans players
19th-century baseball players
1859 births
1946 deaths
Major League Baseball second basemen
Washington Nationals (minor league) players
Albany (minor league baseball) players
New York New Yorks players
New York Quicksteps players
East Saginaw Grays players
Saginaw Greys players
Milwaukee Brewers (minor league) players
Milwaukee Cream Citys players
Davenport Onion Weeders players
Milwaukee Creams players
Hartford (minor league baseball) players
Eburia aegrota is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, that can be found in Mexico and Nicaragua.
References
aegrota
Beetles described in 1880
Lipki () is a town in Kireyevsky District of Tula Oblast, Russia, located south of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:
History
The village of Lipki has been known since at least the 17th century. In 1949, it was granted urban-type settlement status due to the development of coal deposits. It was granted town status in 1955.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with one rural locality (the settlement of Komsomolsky), incorporated within Kireyevsky District as Lipki Town Under District Jurisdiction. As a municipal division, Lipki Town Under District Jurisdiction is incorporated within Kireyevsky Municipal District as Lipki Urban Settlement.
References
Sources
Notes
Cities and towns in Tula Oblast
Populated places established in the 17th century
Marco Vermey (born 11 June 1965) is a Dutch former professional racing cyclist. They rode in the 1994 Tour de France.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
People from Lisse
Cyclists from South Holland
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
Constitutional Assembly elections were held on 24 May 1964. The Movement of National Liberation and the Revolutionary Party both won ten seats, although sixty members were appointed by the military government (and formed the Institutional Democratic Party in September).
Results
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook and Atlas of the world 1964. New York, 1965.
Elections in the Americas A Data Handbook Volume 1. North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. Edited by Dieter Nohlen. 2005.
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1964 in Guatemala
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
A cooling bath or ice bath, in laboratory chemistry practice, is a liquid mixture which is used to maintain low temperatures, typically between 13 °C and −196 °C. These low temperatures are used to collect liquids after distillation, to remove solvents using a rotary evaporator, or to perform a chemical reaction below room temperature (see Kinetic control).
Cooling baths are generally one of two types: (a) a cold fluid (particularly liquid nitrogen, water, or even air) — but most commonly the term refers to (b) a mixture of 3 components: (1) a cooling agent (such as dry ice or ice); (2) a liquid "carrier" (such as liquid water, ethylene glycol, acetone, etc.), which transfers heat between the bath and the vessel; (3) an additive to depress the melting point of the solid/liquid system.
A familiar example of this is the use of an ice/rock-salt mixture to freeze ice cream. Adding salt lowers the freezing temperature of water, lowering the minimum temperature attainable with only ice.
Mixed-solvent cooling baths
Mixing solvents creates cooling baths with variable freezing points. Temperatures between approximately −78 °C and −17 °C can be maintained by placing coolant into a mixture of ethylene glycol and ethanol, while mixtures of methanol and water span the −128 °C to 0 °C temperature range. Dry ice sublimes at −78 °C, while liquid nitrogen is used for colder baths.
As water or ethylene glycol freeze out of the mixture, the concentration of ethanol/methanol increases. This leads to a new, lower freezing point. With dry ice these baths will never freeze solid, as pure methanol and ethanol both freeze below −78 °C (−98 °C and −114 °C respectively).
Relative to traditional cooling baths, solvent mixtures are adaptable for a wide temperature range. In addition, the solvents necessary are cheaper and less toxic than those used in traditional baths.
Traditional cooling baths
Water and ice baths
A bath of ice and water will maintain a temperature 0 °C, since the melting point of water is 0 °C. However, adding a salt such as sodium chloride will lower the temperature through the property of freezing-point depression. Although the exact temperature can be hard to control, the weight ratio of salt to ice influences the temperature:
−10 °C can be achieved with a 1:2.5 mass ratio of calcium chloride hexahydrate to ice.
−20 °C can be achieved with a 1:3 mass ratio of sodium chloride to ice.
Dry ice baths at −78 °C
Since dry ice will sublime at −78 °C, a mixture such as acetone/dry ice will maintain −78 °C. Also, the solution will not freeze because acetone requires a temperature of about −93 °C to begin freezing. Therefore, other liquids with a lower freezing point (pentane: −95 °C, isopropyl alcohol: −89 °C) can also be used to maintain the bath at −78 °C.
Dry ice baths above −77 °C
In order to maintain temperatures above −77 °C, a solvent with a freezing point above −77 °C must be used. When dry ice is added to acetonitrile, the bath will begin cooling. Once the temperature reaches −41 °C, the acetonitrile will freeze. Therefore, dry ice must be added slowly to avoid freezing the entire mixture. In these cases, a bath temperature of −55 °C can be achieved by choosing a solvent with a similar freezing point (n-octane freezes at −56 °C).
Liquid-nitrogen baths above −196 °C
Liquid-nitrogen baths follow the same idea as dry-ice baths. A temperature of −115 °C can be maintained by slowly adding liquid nitrogen to ethanol until it begins to freeze (at −116 °C).
Water/ice alternatives
In water and ice-based baths, tap water is commonly used due to ease of access and the higher costs of using ultrapure water. However, tap water and ice derived from tap water can be a contaminant to biological and chemical samples. This has created a host of insulated devices aimed at creating a similar cooling or freezing effect as ice baths without the use of water or ice.
Safety recommendations
The American Chemical Society notes that the ideal organic solvents to use in a cooling bath have the following characteristics:
Nontoxic vapors.
Low viscosity.
Nonflammability.
Low volatility.
Suitable freezing point.
In some cases, a simple substitution can give nearly identical results while lowering risks. For example, using dry ice in 2-propanol rather than acetone yields a nearly identical temperature but avoids the volatility of acetone (see below).
See also
List of cooling baths
Pumpable ice technology
References
Further reading
External links
Laboratory techniques
Cryogenics
Cooling technology
The 2020 Limerick Senior Football Championship is the 124th edition of the Limerick GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Limerick, Ireland. 12 teams compete, with the winner representing not Limerick in the Munster Senior Club Football Championship due to the latter competition's cancellation. Due to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the format for this years championship was modified to employ four groups of three teams, rather than the usual two groups of six teams. The championship then progresses to a knock out stage.
Newcastle West were the defending champions after they defeated Oola in the 2019 final to claim their fourth S.F.C. crown.
This was Galtee Gaels return to the top flight for the first time since 1994 (a 25-season exodus) after claiming the 2019 Limerick I.F.C. title. They defeated Gerald Griffin's in a final replay. Galtee Gaels last won the I.F.C. in 1993.
Team Changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2019 championship season.
To S.F.C.
Promoted from 2019 I.F.C.
Galtee Gaels - (Intermediate Champions)
From S.F.C.
Relegated to 2020 I.F.C.
St. Senan's
Group stage
There are 4 groups called Group A, B, C and D. The top two finishers in each group will qualify for the Quarter-Finals. The bottom finishers of each group will qualify for the Relegation Play Off.
Group A
Round 1:
Newcastle West 2-12, 1-3 Drom/Broadford, 15/8/2020,
Round 2:
Ballysteen 2-9, 1-12 Drom/Broadford, 23/8/2020,Round 3: Newcastle West 2-07, 0-5 Ballysteen, 29/8/2020,
Group BRound 1: Adare 3-14, 1-04 Na Piarsaigh, 15/8/2020,Round 2: Fr. Casey's 1-13, 1-11 Na Piarsaigh, 21/8/2020,Round 3: Adare 0-12, 0-17 Fr. Casey's, 30/8/2020,
Group CRound 1: Galbally 2-7, 0-11 St. Kieran's, 16/8/2020,Round 2: Monaleen 0-11, 0-06 St. Kieran's, 21/8/2020,Round 3: Galbally 0-06, 0-12 Monaleen, 29/8/2020,
Group DRound 1: Oola 1-15, 0-11 Galtee Gaels, 16/8/2020,Round 2: Ballylanders 1-16, 0-08 Galtee Gaels, 22/8/2020,Round 3: Oola 2-08''', 0-08 Ballylanders, 29/8/2020,
Knock-out Stages
Relegation Play Off
The four bottom finishers from each group qualify for the Relegation Play-Off. The team to lose both matches will be relegated to the 2021 I.F.C.
Finals
Quarter-Finals
The winners and runners-up of each group qualify for the Quarter-Finals.
Semi-Finals
Final
Munster Senior Club Football Championship
References
Limerick Senior Football Championship
Limerick Senior Football Championship
Limerick SFC
Jacques Adam (1663 – 12 November 1735) was a French translator.
Biography
Adam was born at Vendôme, where they were a gifted pupil of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri, they were sent to Paris where, at the age of 14, they assisted Claude Fleury in their research and participated in the production of their classic Histoire ecclésiastique. They became the tutor of the Prince of Conti, and then of their son, who helped them gain membership in the Académie française in 1723.
A scholar of Greek and Hebrew, they translated Athenaeus and also published their works in Greek. In 1712, they also translated Raimondo Montecuccoli's Memorie della guerra from the Italian, helping its author to become better known in Europe. They died in Paris.
D'Alembert said of Jacques Adam:
External links
Académie française
References
1663 births
1735 deaths
People from Vendôme
Alumni of Oratorian schools
Translators to French
Translators from Greek
Translators from Hebrew
Translators from Italian
French classical scholars
Members of the Académie Française
Ralf Socher (born 6 April 1967 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1967 births
Living people
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Skiers from Vancouver
Canadian male alpine skiers
20th-century Canadian people
Swillington is a village and civil parish near Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough. It is situated east from Leeds city centre, north of the River Aire, and is surrounded by streams including Fleakingley Beck. In 2001, Swillington had a population of about 3,530, reducing to 3,381 at the 2011 Census.
The village forms part of the Garforth and Swillington ward of Leeds City Council and was a coal mining village until the closure of Primrose Hill pit. A housing estate now sits on the site of the colliery.
The village is close to St Aidan's nature reserve, and the Leeds Country Way which passes through the village. The population of Swillington decreased to 3,088 in 2011.
Etymology
The name Swillington is first attested in the Domesday Survey in the forms "Suillictun", "Suilligtune" and "Suillintun". Its etymology is uncertain, but probably derives from Old English swīn "pig" + either lēah "open ground" or hyll "hill" + ing, a suffix which in this case marks the word as a place-name + tūn "estate, farm". The Dictionary of British Place Names gives a derivation from "farmstead near the pig hill (or clearing)."
The name was recorded as "Svilentone" in 1147. Historically Swillington's full title was Swillington-in-Elmet, which refers to the association of the village with the early medieval polity of Elmet. However, as with many other places the "-in-Elmet" has been lost in modern times with only a few exceptions such as Barwick-in-Elmet and Sherburn-in-Elmet surviving. Nowadays Elmet only exists as a political constituency.
Economy
Swillington sits at the centre of an agricultural community, and includes Leventhorpe Vineyard and an organic farm.
Leventhorpe Vineyard, established in 1986, is near the village, and has been recommended by Rick Stein. It was until recently the most northerly commercial vineyard in Britain—there is now one further north, near Malton.
The Soil Association-certified organic farm on the former Lowther estate has been frequented by celebrity chefs, and has produce voted the 'Best Meat In Yorkshire' in 2007.
Landmarks
Swillington sits on the banks of the River Aire, and is adjacent to the RSPB St Aidan's Nature Reserve. The parish church of St Mary is a Grade II* listed building of 14th- or 15th-century origin, with Victorian additions. Leventhorpe Hall, within the parish and to the west of the village, is a Grade II* listed house built in 1774.
Transport
Swillington does not have a railway station, unlike the nearby town of Garforth, but is served by bus operators. The major roads through the village are Wakefield Road (the A642), Swillington Lane and Astley Lane.
Under proposals released on 28 January 2013, Phase 2 of the High Speed 2 rail link would be built close to the western side of the village, running adjacent to the M1 motorway. The HS2 track would cross the existing railway line close to Thorpe Park to the north of the village and also cross Selby road via embankment and bridge. Further south a viaduct would be placed across Wakefield Road. This line would carry the spur away from Leeds, towards the East Coast Main Line at Church Fenton.
Education
The local school, Swillington Primary School has about 270 pupils. Swillington does not have its own secondary school, consequently pupils typically attend Garforth Academy or Brigshaw High School.
YEDL, the local electricity distribution company, has its overhead line school at Swillington where it trains its apprenticed and qualified linesmen in techniques required to work on the electricity network throughout its licence area.
Sport and recreation
The village has four local football teams, a bowls team, snooker teams and a rugby league team. They use recreational grounds surviving from the mining days. There is also a shooting and country sports supply business in town, and a number of horse riding stables. Swillington Church also host many groups, including a keen bell ringing team. Being on the Leeds Country Way, the area surrounding Swillington, including the River Aire, the Aire and Calder Navigation and the woods of Temple Newsam house are used for cycling.
Location
Nearby villages and towns include Austhorpe, Garforth, Kippax, Castleford, Great Preston, Little Preston, Allerton Bywater, Oulton, Woodlesford, Rothwell, Pontefract, Colton, Swillington common and Methley.
Notable people
John Chamber (1546–1604), clergyman and author on astronomy, was baptised at Swillington.
John Dobson, Anglican priest and Dean of Ripon
Andrew White (guitarist of the Kaiser Chiefs).
William Lowther (1757–1844), and other "Lowthers of Swinnington" (English and Saville 1983:78–81, on "Strict Settlement")
See also
Listed buildings in Garforth and Swillington
References
External links
Official Swillington Parish Council Website
Garforth and Swillington Community Website
LS26 Community website
"The Ancient Parish of Swillington" at Genuki
Villages in West Yorkshire
Places in Leeds
Civil parishes in West Yorkshire
Dame Harriet Jane Backhouse Findlay, Lady Findlay DBE (12 March 1880 – 24 July 1954) was an English political activist and philanthropist.
Life
They were the daughter of Sir Jonathan Edmund Backhouse, 1st Bt. (15 November 1849 – 27 July 1918) and Florence Trelawny (died 11 October 1902). They married Sir John Ritchie Findlay, 1st Baronet (son of John Ritchie Findlay and Susan Leslie) on 9 July 1901.
In 1919 Findlay joined Rosaline Masson, Ella Millar and Miss M.R. MacLeod as the first four women to become members of the Cockburn Association, Edinburgh's influential conservation organisation formed in 1875 to protect and preserve the built heritage, natural environment and civic amenity in the city.
They were active in Scottish politics becoming a Justice of the Peace in Edinburgh in 1926 and being elected president of the Scottish Unionist Association in 1927. They chaired the management board of the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary during the Depression. They died on 24 July 1954, aged 74.
DBE
Lady Harriet Findlay was invested as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1929 and was styled as Dame Harriet Findlay.
Family
Husband:
Sir John Ritchie Findlay, 1st Baronet (b. 13 January 1866 – d. 13 April 1930)
Children:
Elizabeth Findlay (died 1958)
Laetitia Florence Findlay (died 5 July 1978)
Sir John Edmund Ritchie Findlay, 2nd Baronet (b. 14 June 1902 – d. 6 September 1962)
Lt.- Col. Sir Roland Lewis Findlay, 3rd Baronet (b. 14 July 1903 – d. 28 July 1979)
References
External links
Profile, peerage.com; accessed 20 February 2016.
Portrait, by Sir James Guthrie, wikigallery.org; accessed 25 August 2017
Portrait, by David Foggie, Scottish National Portrait Gallery; accessed 25 August 2017
Sources
Charles Mosley, editor, Burke's Peerage, Baronetage & Knightage, 107th edition, 3 volumes (Wilmington, Delaware: Burke's Peerage (Genealogical Books) Ltd., 2003), volume 1, page 208.
1880 births
1954 deaths
Harriet
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Scottish justices of the peace
Scottish politicians
Harriet
Wives of baronets
Daughters of baronets
20th-century Scottish businesspeople
The most important Romanian river ports are:
Orșova
performing capacity: 1.200.000 to/year
Quay length – 500 linear meters – 5 anchording place
Calafat
performing capacity: 350.000 to/year
Quay length – 100 linear meters –1 anchoring place
Cetate
performing capacity: 70.000 to/year
Quay length – 100 linear meters - 1anchording place
Gruia
performing capacity: 70.000 to/year
Quay length – 100 linear meters – 1 anchoring place
Hârșova
performing capacity: 70.000 to/year
Quay length - 100 linear meters - 1 anchoring place
Drencova
performing capacity: 100.000 to/year
Quay length - 100 linear meters - 1 anchoring place
Moldova Veche
performing capacity: 350.000 to/year
Quay length - 300 linear meters - 3 anchoring place
Brăila
performing capacity: 4.500.000 to/year
Quay length - between 100–400 linear meters - 10 anchoring place
Quay length - between 400–700 linear meters - 9 anchoring place
Galați
performing capacity: 17.075.000 to/year
Quay length - 200 linear meters - 8 anchoring place
Quay length - 800 linear meters - 8 anchoring place
Tulcea
performing capacity: 800.000 to/year
Quay length - between 100–300 linear meters - 4 anchoring place
Quay length - 400 linear meters - 4 anchoring place
Drobeta-Turnu Severin
Corabia
Zimnicea
Bechet
Turnu Măgurele
Giurgiu
Oltenita
Călărași
Cernavodă
Chilia Veche
Mahmudia
Isaccea
Măcin
Smârdan
See also
Galați
Brăila
Tulcea
River ports of Romania
"Good Old Days" is a song by American rapper Macklemore, featuring American singer-songwriter Kesha. It was written by Macklemore, Kesha, Budo, Andrew Joslyn, Sam Wishkoski and Tyler Andrews, with lyrics written by Macklemore and Kesha and production handled by Budo. Originally released as a promotional single on September 19, 2017, the song was sent to adult contemporary radio in the United States on October 9, 2017, as the third single from Macklemore's second solo studio album, Gemini (2017). As of October 9, 2017, "Good Old Days" has sold 48,000 digital copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Background
On January 18, 2017, Macklemore posted a photo of them and Kesha together on Instagram, hinting at an upcoming collaboration. The song first appeared in the track list of Gemini, which was unveiled on August 22, 2017. Macklemore spoke to Rolling Stone about collaborating with Kesha, saying: "Kesha, they are a great spirit.  They are someone that I walked into the room and I immediately just caught a vibe with and became friends with pretty instantaneously... She's a musician, she's a writer, she's someone that is not afraid to try ideas in the studio, not afraid to get vulnerable in front of people, not scared to go for the high note when they don't know if they can hit it or not.  They are a musician in every sense of the word, and she's hilarious." They also revealed that Ryan Lewis facilitated the collaboration. When asked about how they reached out to Kesha, they said: "Well, Ryan had a session with them in Seattle. They were already here. They had already done 'Praying' and they were working on a couple other records that I don't think made them album. They had [an] off day and I hit Ryan and was like, 'Would you mind if I hit up Kesha?' And they were like, 'Of course not.'" Kesha said of the song on Twitter: "My new song with Macklemore reminds me of being 16 chasing wild dreams not knowing those moments would be so precious."
Critical reception
Caitlin Kelley of Billboard deemed "Good Old Days" a "mellow yet catchy pop song". Mark Braboy of Vibe praised Macklemore for showcasing "his best, introspectively rapping", and Kesha providing "some soul-stirring vocals to make the song hit home". Madeline Roth of MTV News wrote that "the nostalgic track is a stripped-back affair". Alex Ungerman‍ of Entertainment Tonight felt Kesha's voice "soars over a piano ballad that is somehow both somber and uplifting in tone". Peter Berry of XXL thinks that the song is "fueled by piano, sentimentality and the sweet vocals of Kesha". Jon Powell of Respect regarded the song as "a pop ballad-esque cut" and "the perfect record for personal reflection and self-love". Derrick Rossignol of Uproxx called the song a "piano-led pop ballad", and felt Kesha's vocal is beautiful and powerful. Anya Crittenton of Gay Star News described the song as "an emotional tune" that "features a simple piano and drum-filled melody". Aron A. of HotNewHipHop wrote: "Kesha handles the hook with their powerful vocals over a soft and simple piano progression". Lindsay Howard of Variance described the song as an "explicitly nostalgic cut".
Live performances
On September 25, 2017, Macklemore performed "Good Old Days" with Kesha on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. They gave their second televised performance of the song at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards on May 20, 2018.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from YouTube.
Macklemore – songwriting
Kesha – songwriting
Budo – composing, production
Andrew Joslyn – production, string arrangement, violin
Sam Wishkoski – composing, additional piano
Tyler Andrews – composing
Christopher Foerstel – violin
Seth May-Patterson – viola
Eli Weinberger – cello
Teo Shantz – additional percussion
Tanisha Brooks – choir vocals
Josephine Howell – choir vocals
Karma Johnson – choir vocals
Jon Castelli – mixing
Dale Becker – mastering
Tyler Dopps – engineering
Mandy Adams – mastering assistant
Ingmar Carlson – mixing engineering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Notes
References
2010s ballads
2017 singles
2017 songs
Kesha songs
Macklemore songs
Songs about nostalgia
Pop ballads
Elektra Records singles
Songs written by Kesha
Songs written by Macklemore
The Soldiers' National Monument is a Gettysburg Battlefield memorial which is located at the central point of Gettysburg National Cemetery. It honors the battle's soldiers and tells an allegory of "peace and plenty under freedom … following a heroic struggle." In addition to an inscription with the last 4 lines of the Gettysburg Address, the shaft with 4 buttresses has 5 statues:
A large statue representing the concept of Liberty surmounts the pedestal. Eighteen large bronze stars circling the pedestal below this statue represent the eighteen Union states with buried dead. A statue is located at each corner near the base. They represent War, History, Peace, and Plenty. War is represented by a statue of an American soldier who recounts the story of the battle to History. In turn, History records, with stylus and tablet, the achievements of the battle and the names of the honored dead. A statue of an American mechanic and their tools illustrates Peace. Plenty is a female figure with a sheaf of wheat and the fruits of the earth that typify peace and abundance as the soldier's crowning triumph.
History
Massachusetts approved appropriations to the Gettysburg Soldiers' National Monument Association on March 14, 1865; and in May, David Wills invited veterans organizations for the extensive July 4 cornerstone ceremony (lithographs of the "design proposed by J. G. Batterson" were available by July 19, 1865.) The monument structure was built at Batterson's works at Westerly, Rhode Island, and the Genius of Liberty grasping sword and laurel wreath was sculpted in Rome (arrived October 1868). The monument without the "Plenty" or "Peace" statues was dedicated in 1869 with the prayer by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, followed by an address by Gen. George G. Meade, oration by Senator Oliver P. Morton, and poem by Bayard Taylor. The monument's "Plenty" statue was placed on August 26, 1869; and a record of the cornerstone and dedication ceremonies was published in 1874. Contrary to popular belief, the monument does not rest on the site of the oration of the Gettysburg Address (nor does the Gettysburg address monument, 300 yards to the south). Modern scholarship places the site of the speech about 40 yards east of the soldier's monument. When they gave the speech, at a spot that is now within the civilian cemetery, they were facing west, toward a flagpole that stood where the soldier's monument was later erected.
Photo gallery
References
1869 establishments in Pennsylvania
1869 sculptures
Cemetery Hill
Gettysburg Battlefield monuments and memorials
Liberty symbols
Marble sculptures in Pennsylvania
Outdoor sculptures in Pennsylvania
Sculptures of men in Pennsylvania
Sculptures of women in Pennsylvania
Union (American Civil War) monuments and memorials in Pennsylvania
Lyftingen Peak () is a peak just southeast of the Kjølrabbane Hills, near the southwest end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped and named by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Jędrzejewicz reform was a major reform of the education in the Second Polish Republic, implemented in 1932. It reorganized the structure of Polish education, which diverged into three different systems during the era of partitions of Poland. It was named after Minister of Education, Janusz Jędrzejewicz who supervised the reform.
The education reform was approved by the Sejm on March 11, 1932 On March 15, 1933 the reform was extended to encompass the higher education.
The Jędrzejewicz reform received controversial recognition. From one hand, it introduced compulsory education and unified credentials of various schools at their relative educational levels. On the other hand, it introduced a considerable degree of the interference of the state into the issues of academic freedom, in line with the overall politics of Józef Piłsudski.
References
1932 in Poland
History of education in Poland
Second Polish Republic
1932 in education
Fereydunkenar (, also Romanized as Fereydūnkenār, Fereydūn Kenār, Fāridūn Kinār, and Fereidun Kenar; also known as Qaşabeh) is a city & capital of Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. In the 2006 census, its population was 34,452, with 9,278 families.
References
Populated places in Fereydunkenar County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
Populated places on the Caspian Sea
Number 33 Squadron of the Royal Air Force operates the Westland Puma HC.2 from RAF Benson, Oxfordshire.
History
First World War
No. 33 Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps was formed from part of No. 12 Squadron at Filton on 12 January 1916. For the remainder of the First World War the squadron was employed for Home Defence in Lincolnshire, guarding against German airship raids against northern England, being first equipped with Royal Aircraft Factory BE.2s, these being supplemented with Royal Aircraft Factory FE.2s. Its headquarters were at Gainsborough, with its flights based on three stations: RAF Scampton (A Flight), RAF Kirton in Lindsey (B Flight) and RAF Elsham Wolds (C Flight). The FE.2s were replaced by Bristol Fighters in June 1918, which were in turn replaced by night fighter Avro 504s in August. The squadron did not destroy any enemy airships, despite a number of interceptions and was disbanded in June 1919.
Between the wars
The Squadron was reformed at RAF Netheravon on 1 March 1929 as a bomber unit, equipped first with the Hawker Horsley and in February 1930, it became the first squadron to receive the new Hawker Hart, an aircraft faster than the RAF's fighter aircraft. In 1935, as part of Britain's response to the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, the unit moved to Egypt, taking part in air policing in Palestine. In February 1938, the squadron re-equipped with Gloster Gladiators, changing role to a fighter squadron, although at first it continued in support of British ground forces in Palestine.
Second World War
With the exception of a time in Greece and Crete in 1941, 33 Sqn remained in the Middle East for most World War II. Equipped initially with the Gloster Gladiators they had used in Palestine, the Squadron claimed its first victories of the Second World War on 14 June 1940, while supporting the British capture of Fort Capuzzo, when the squadron shot down an Italian Caproni Ca 310 and a Fiat CR.32. It suffered its first losses of the war five days later in a combat with Fiat CR.42 Falcos, with one Gladiator being shot down in exchange for two Fiats. The squadron re-equipped with Hurricanes in October 1940, allowing it to intercept the Italian SM.79 bombers, which were faster than the Gladiator.
It was withdrawn from the desert fighting in January 1941, in order to help resist the Italian invasion of Greece. From 12 March, Pat Pattle, the leading Commonwealth flying ace, was in command until they were killed in action on 20 April. The squadron was involved in heavy fighting following the German intervention, and had to be withdrawn to Crete on 27 April. Due to continuing heavy losses, the squadron had to amalgamate with No. 80 Squadron RAF and the ground personnel fought hand-to-hand with German paratroopers to protect the airfield. The remnants of 33 Squadrons retired to Egypt by the end of May after the Battle of Crete. The Squadron returned to support the Army in the Western Desert, including at the Battle of El Alamein, trading its Hurricanes for Supermarine Spitfires in December 1943.
Returning to the UK in 1944 for Operation Overlord (the Allied invasion of Normandy), the squadron flew the Spitfire IX F from RAF Lympne in Air Defence of Great Britain, though under the operational control of RAF Second Tactical Air Force (2nd TAF). It flew fighter support on D-Day (6 June 1944), then moved to France with 2nd TAF in October 1944, when it concentrated on ground-attack operations. It re-equipped with the Hawker Tempest in December, returning to action from Gilze-Rijen in February 1945, flying fighter sweeps in North West Europe. The squadron remained in Germany until 1949.
Post War operations
From 1949 to 1970, 33 Squadrons spent much of its time in the Far East, based at Kai Tak, Hong Kong, until sent to Kuala Lumpur in Malaya, flying their Tempests in ground attack missions against Communist guerrillas during the Malayan Emergency. It re-equipped with twin-engined de Havilland Hornets in 1951, disbanding in March 1955, having flown 6,150 sorties during its stay in Malaya.
On 15 December 1955, it reformed as a night fighter squadron flying de Havilland Venom NF.2s from RAF Driffield, being disbanded on 3 June 1957 and reformed on 1 October, by renumbering No. 264 Squadron, another night fighter squadron operating Gloster Meteor NF.14s from RAF Leeming. It re-equipped with Gloster Javelins in April 1958, at RAF Middleton St George, being disbanded again on 18 November 1962. A number of types were operated during several disbandments and reformations throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s. In April 1965, No. 33 Squadron became a Bloodhound surface-to-air missile unit based at Butterworth in Malaya, being disbanded on 30 January 1970.
The squadron reformed on 14 June 1971 at RAF Odiham as the RAF's first Westland Puma squadron it took part in the Gulf War of 1991, the Kosovo War in the late 1990s, relief operations during the flooding in Mozambique in 2000 and NATO operations in Bosnia in the early 2000s.
On 8 August 2007, the crash of No. 33 Squadron Puma HC.1 ZA934 left three personnel dead out of twelve on board in Catterick Garrison. The inquest coroner called No. 33 Squadron "a sloppy outfit", that allowed an unqualified crew to operate the helicopter. A recording played at the inquest revealed pilot Dave Sale remarking, "let's scare the shit out of this taxi", before apparently flying above a taxi, an incident that happened two hours prior to the crash, during the same flight. A court-martial of the co-pilot stated that "the officers on this board are shocked at the lack of professional standards displayed by those responsible for the aircraft." The squadron was deployed to Iraq as part of Operation Telic in 2009.
The Puma HC.1 was withdrawn from service and was replaced by the Puma HC.2 in December 2012.
On 11 October 2015, one personnel member of the squadron was killed in an accident in Kabul, Afghanistan, whilst landing at the NATO Training and Support Mission HQ. A Ministry of Defence spokesperson said the crash was "an accident and not the result of insurgent activity". The pilot was named a day later, and was repatriated back to the UK on the 20th. The Flight Lieutenant's CO commented saying "He died tragically doing a job they loved and flying an aircraft they had personally invested so much time developing. A loving husband, their loyalty and devotion to their friends, work colleagues and the job was unequalled and their memory and contribution will live on." A post mortem found they died of multiple injuries at an inquest. The inquest was adjourned indefinitely until the conclusion of separate inquiries being undertaken by the Ministry of Defence were completed.
Previous aircraft
Memorials
There is a Royal Air Force (RAF) memorial in Crete to the airmen of 30 and 33 Squadrons who died during the battle of Crete. The memorial is located behind the roadside hedge between Maleme and Tavronitis overlooking the () Iron Bridge across the Tavronitis River and the end of Maleme Airport runway.
See also
List of RAF squadrons
Notes
Bibliography
Official Squadron page on the RAF Website. Retrieved 2008-06-25
Ken Delve, D-Day: The Air Battle, London: Arms & Armour Press, 1994, .
Halley, James J. The Squadrons of the Royal Air Force. Tonbridge, Kent, UK: Air Britain (Historians) Ltd., 1980. .
Moyes, Philip. Bomber Squadrons of the RAF and Their Aircraft. London, Macdonald and Jane's, 1964, Second revised edition 1976. .
Rawlings J.D.R. "History of No. 33 Squadron". Air Pictorial, September 1970, Vol. 32 No. 9. pp. 327–330.
Rawlings, John D.R. Fighter Squadrons of the RAF and Their Aircraft. London, Macdonald and Jane's, 1969, Second revised edition 1976. .
External links
No 33 Squadron
033 Squadrons
033 Squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1916
1916 establishments in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations in Mandatory Palestine in World War II
Saddam Abdel-Muhsan Sobhi Jarrar () is a Jordanian retired footballer of Palestinian origin who plays for Al-Jazeera (Jordan).
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordanian people of Palestinian descent
Jordanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the State of Palestine
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in the State of Palestine
Association football forwards
Al-Wehdat SC players
Al-Jazeera (Jordan) players
Markaz Shabab Al-Am'ari players
Sportspeople from Amman
Jordanian Pro League players
West Bank Premier League players
Expatriate sportspeople in the State of Palestine
Nyota is a given name. It means star in the African languages Swahili and Lingala.
People, animals, companies and fictional characters with this name include:
Nyota Inyoka (1896–1971), French-Indian dancer and choreographer
Nyota Ndogo, Kenyan musician
Nyota (Bonobo), male Bonobo born at the Language Research Center at Georgia State University
Nyota Uhura, fictional Communications Officer in the original series of Star Trek
Nyota, wedding invitation and accessories manufacturer and exporter
References
African given names
Swahili words and phrases
"Feels in My Body" is a song by Swedish electropop duo Icona Pop. It was written by the duo along with Sarah Alison Solovay, Joe Janiak and the song's producers Nick Henriques and Milan D'Agostini. It was released on 7 August 2020, through TEN Music Groups and Ultra Music.
Music video
The music video for "Feels in My Body", directed by Gustav Stegfors and Crille Forsberg, was released on YouTube on 7 August 2020.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Qobuz.
Icona Pop – composing, vocals
Sarah Alison Solovay - composing
Nick Henriques - composing, producing
Milan D'Agostini - composing, producing
Joe Janiak - composing
Miles Walker - mixing
Charts
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Icona Pop songs
Songs written by Aino Jawo
Ultra Music singles
Songs written by Caroline Hjelt
Songs written by Joe Janiak
This list records notable individuals who have participated in the industry.
Wireless experimenters
Edward Gustavus Campbell Barton
Frank Prosser Bowden
William Henry Bragg
William Rooke Creswell
Henry Walter Jenvey
John P. King
Edward Hope Kirkby
Oswald Francis (Os) Mingay
John Yeates Nelson
Joseph Patrick Slattery
Frederick Soddy
George Phillip Stevens
Henry Sutton
George Augustine Taylor
Richard Threlfall
Charles Todd
Philip Billingsley Walker
Broadcasting pioneers
A. E. Bennett, pioneer commercial radio manager
Sir Hugh Denison, radio pioneer and manager
Sir Ernest Fisk, radio pioneer and founder of Amalgamated Wireless (Australasia)
Sir Bernard Heinze, musician and pioneer advisor to the ABC
William G. James, musician and pioneer ABC broadcaster and manager
Oliver J. Nilsen, radio pioneer
Mel Morris, pioneer football commentator
Sir Charles Moses, pioneer sports broadcaster, and later ABC Manager
Jack O'Hagan, composer and pioneer ABC and commercial broadcaster
Frank Thring Sr, pioneer film director and radio manager
Emil Voigt, pioneer of commercial radio
Management
Alan Bond, proprietor of television and radio interests
Sir Richard Boyer, administrator of ABC
Sir Talbot Duckmanton, ABC manager
Ted Harris, director and manager
David Hill, ABC Chair
Donald McDonald, ABC manager
Sir Frank Packer, proprietor of television and radio interests
Kerry Packer, proprietor of television and radio interests
Sir Eric Pearce, commercial broadcaster and station manager
Mark Scott, ABC manager
John Singleton, proprietor of radio interests
Ron Sparks, commercial radio manager
James Spigelman, ABC Chair
Producers, back-room personnel, etc.
Dorothy Crawford, drama producer
Hector Crawford, drama producer
George Edwards, radio actor and producer
Grace Gibson, drama producer
Gwen Meredith, writer of radio plays
Rex Rienits. writer of radio plays
John Saul, radio actor and director
Edward (E. V.) Timms, writer of radio plays
Announcers, DJs, etc.
Phillip Adams, ABC and commercial broadcaster
Waleed Aly, ABC broadcaster
Ward "Pally" Austin, commercial broadcaster
Jim Ball, commercial broadcaster
Norman Banks, commercial broadcaster
Ray Barrett, commercial radio broadcaster, and later television and stage actor
John Blackman, commercial broadcaster
Stuart Bocking, commercial broadcaster
Bruno Bouchet, commercial broadcaster
Philip Brady, commercial broadcaster
John Burns, commercial broadcaster
Leon Byner, commercial broadcaster
Brian Carlton, commercial broadcaster
Mike Carlton, ABC & commercial broadcaster
Ron Casey – Sydney, commercial broadcaster
Gordon Chater, commercial broadcaster and radio actor
Don Chipp, politician and commercial broadcaster
Jack Davey, commercial broadcaster
Vic Davies, commercial broadcaster
Smoky Dawson, singer and commercial radio presenter
John Dease, commercial broadcaster
James Dibble, ABC broadcaster
George Donikian, commercial broadcaster
Geraldine Doogue, ABC broadcaster
Bob Dyer, commercial broadscaster
Dolly Dyer, commercial broadcaster
Gregg Easton, commercial broadcaster
Malcolm T. Elliott, commercial broadcaster
Dick Fair, commercial broadcaster
Noel Ferrier, comedian and commercial broadcaster
Greg Fleet, commercial broadcaster
Graeme Gilbert, commercial broadcaster
Grant Goldman, commercial broadcaster
Andy Grace, commercial broadcaster
Ugly Dave Gray, comedian and commercial broadcaster
Ray Hadley, commercial broadcaster
Happy Hammond, commercial broadcaster
Peter Hand, commercial broadcaster
Tommy Hanlon Jr., commercial broadcaster
Mary Hardy, comedian and commercial broadcaster
Wendy Harmer, ABC & commercial broadcaster
Derryn Hinch, commercial broadcaster
Peter Hitchener, commercial broadcaster
Dave Hughes, commercial broadcaster
Darren James, commercial broadcaster
Alan Jones, commercial broadcaster
Barry Jones, commercial broadcaster
Brendan Jones, commercial broadcaster
Amanda Keller, commercial broadcaster
Fran Kelly, ABC broadcaster
Graham Kennedy, ABC and commercial broadcaster
Jeff Kennett, politician and commercial broadcaster
Sonia Kruger, commercial broadcaster
Alwyn Kurts, commercial broadcaster
Don Lane, television compare and commercial broadcaster
Kate Langbroek, commercial broadscaster
John Laws, commercial broadcaster
Tony Leonard, commercial broadcaster
Jack Lumsdaine, singer, songwriter and commercial broadcaster
Keith McGowan, commercial broadcaster
Todd McKenney, commercial broadcaster
Bruce Mansfield, commercial broadcaster
Richard Mercer, commercial broadcaster
Neil Mitchell, commercial broadcaster
Tony Moclair, commercial broadcaster
Jason Morrison, commercial broadcaster
Doug Mulray, commercial broadcaster
Jackie O (Jackie Henderson), commercial broadcaster
Gwen Plumb, commercial broadcaster and radio actor
Steve Price, commercial broadcaster
Roy Rene "Mo", comedian and commercial broadcaster
Kel Richards, commercial broadcaster
Glenn Ridge, commercial broadcaster
Andrew Rochford, commercial broadcaster
Stan Rofe, commercial broadcaster
Bob Rogers, commercial broadcaster
Kyle Sandilands, commercial broadcaster
Ernie Sigley, commercial broadcaster
Trevor Sinclair, commercial broadcaster
Justin Smith, commercial broadcaster
Keith Smith, ABC and commercial broadcaster
Peter Smith, ABC and commercial broadcaster
Ron E Sparks, commercial broadcaster
John Stanley, commercial broadcaster
Ross Stevenson, commercial broadcaster
Chrissie Swan, commercial broadcaster
Wilfrid Thomas, ABC broadcaster
Ian Turpie commercial broadcaster, but mainly known for their TV work
Subby Valentine, commercial broadcaster
Denis Walter, commercial broadcaster
Tim Webster, commercial broadcaster
Stan Zemanek, commercial broadcaster
Specialist broadcasters
Eric Baume, journalist, commentator and commercial broadcaster
Dick Bentley, ABC comedian
John Bluthal, radio actor
John Cargher, ABC and commercial presenter of classical music programs
John Cazabon, radio actor
Guy Doleman, radio actor
John Ewart, radio actor and "Jimmy" of ABC Children's Session
Jane Fennell, ABC children's presenter
Willie Fennell, commercial radio comedian and actor
Peter Finch, radio actor who later became a prominent Hollywood star
Atholl Fleming, "Mac" of ABC Children's Session
Andrew Ford, music journalist and presenter
Stewart Ginn, radio actor
Neva Carr Glyn, radio actor
Reg Goldsworthy, radio actor
Reg Grundy, radio actor and sportcaster who later became a television mogul
Earle Hackett, ABC medical presenter
Ron Haddrick, radio actor
Patricia Kennedy, radio actor
Bill Kerr, radio actor
Dawn Lake, radio variety artist
Bobby Limb, radio variety artist
Doug McKenzie, commercial radio comedian
Fr Bob Maguire, commercial religious broadcaster
John Meillon, radio actor
Crosbie Morrison, naturalist and broadcaster
Ida Elizabeth Osbourne, ABC children's Session, later women's programs
Jack Perry, commercial radio comedian
Redmond Phillips, radio actor and writer
Walter Pym, radio actor
James Raglan, radio actor
Ron Randell, radio actor who later became a prominent Hollywood star
Deaconess Margaret Rodgers, religious broadcaster
June Salter, radio actor
Dinah Shearing, radio actor
Muriel Steinbeck, radio actor
Dr Norman Swan, ABC broadcaster
Charles (Bud) Tingwell, radio actor
Lou Vernon, radio actor
George Wallace, commercial comedian
Myf Warhurst, ABC popular music journalist and presenter
John West, "The Showman", ABC theatre reviewer
Robyn Williams, ABC science presenter
Sportscasters
Mickey Arthur, cricket commentator
Luke Ball, football commentator
Harry Beitzel, football commentator
Andrew Bews, football commentator
Greg Blewett, cricket commentator
Henry Blofeld, cricket commentator
Graeme Bond, football commentator
Allan Border, cricket commentator
Dermott Brereton, footballer and commercial broadcaster
Jonathan Brown, football commentator
Nathan Brown, football commentator
Bert Bryant, racecaller
Wayne Carey, football commentator
Ron Casey – Melbourne, commercial broadcaster and football commentator
Ian Chappell, football commentator
Tony Charlton, football commentator and commercial broadcaster
Stuart Clark, cricket commentator
Michael Christian, sportscaster
Bill Collins racecaller and commercial broadcaster
Dennis Cometti, football commentator
Rohan Connolly, football commentator
Scott Cummings, football commentator
Jack Dyer, football commentator
John Emburey, cricket commentator
Denis Fitzgerald, football commentator
Damien Fleming, cricket commentator
John (Gibbsy) Gibbs, commercial broadcaster
Gerard Healy, commercial sportscaster
Des Hoysted, racecaller
Rex Hunt, football commentator and commercial broadcaster, especially fishing programs
Craig Hutchison, football commentator
Chris Johnson, football commentator
Dean Jones, cricket commentator
David King, football commentator
Tim Lane, football commentator
Dr Peter Larkins, football commentator
Darren Lehmann, cricket commentator
Cameron Ling, football commentator
Matthew Lloyd, football commentator
Garry Lyon, football commentator
Glenn McGrath, cricket commentator
Ian Major, commercial broadcaster and football commentator
Mick Malthouse, football commentator
Greg Matthews, cricket commentator
Leigh Matthews, football commentator
Jack Mueller, football commentator
Sam Newman, football commentator
Angela Pippos, sportscaster
Stephen Quartermain, football commentator
Lou Richards, football commentator and commercial broadcaster
Matthew Richardson, football commentator
Dwayne Russell, commercial sportscaster
Robert Shaw, footballer and broadcaster
Tony Shaw, football commentator
Mike Sheahan, football commentator
Peter Sterling, football commentator
John Tapp, racecaller
Brian Taylor, football commentator and commercial broadcaster
Mark Thompson, football commentator
Michael Vaughan, cricket commentator
Robert Walls, football commentator
Tim Webster, commercial sportscaster
Eric Welch, ABC and commercial broadcaster and sportscaster
Mike Williamson, commercial broadcaster and sportscaster
Caroline Wilson, football commentator
Newspaper owners / managers
John Fairfax, purchased the Sydney Herald in 1841, which became The Sydney Morning Herald
Greg Hywood, current (2018) CEO of Fairfax Media
William McGarvie, one of the three founders of The Sydney Morning Herald
Journalists
Waleed Aly
Julia Baird
Lucian Boz
Mike Carlton
Anne Davies
Elizabeth Farrelly
Peter FitzSimons
Ross Gittins
Richard Glover
Peter Hartcher
Amanda Hooton
Adele Horin
H. G. Kippax
Roy Masters
Anne Summers
Kate McClymont
Communications and media
Pietro Vitalini (born 29 June 1967) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics. Vitalini finished on the podium in FIS World Cup events five times in their career.
Biography
Together with Kristian Ghedina, Peter Runggaldier, Werner Perathoner and Alessandro Fattori, they helped to bring out Italian Alpine skiing, traditionally more competitive in technical specialties, even in downhill and super-giant races. The Italian speed team, nicknamed Italjet, succeeded in the nineties in expressing itself at the high levels of the well-known Austrian and Swiss national teams.
See also
Italy national alpine ski team
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Suzanne Marie Bonamici ( ; born October 14, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the U.S. representative for Oregon's 1st congressional district, a seat they were first elected to in a 2012 special election. The district includes most of Portland west of the Willamette River, as well as all of Yamhill, Columbia, Clatsop, and Washington counties.
A Democrat, Bonamici represented the 17th district in the Oregon State Senate from 2008 to 2011. They were first elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 2006.
Early life, education, and legal career
Bonamici was born in Detroit and raised in a small Michigan town. They earned an associate degree from Lane Community College in 1978, and a bachelor's degree in 1980 and J.D. in 1983, both from the University of Oregon. After college, they became a legal assistant at Lane County Legal Aid in Eugene. After law school, they became a consumer protection attorney for the Federal Trade Commission in the nation's capital. They went into private practice in Portland and represented small businesses.
Oregon legislature
Elections
In 2006, incumbent Democratic State Representative Brad Avakian decided to retire to run for the Oregon Senate. Bonamici ran for the open seat in Oregon's 34th House district and defeated Republican Joan Draper, 62%-36%.
On April 30, 2008, commissioners from Washington and Multnomah Counties appointed Bonamici to represent Oregon's 17th Senate district. The seat became vacant when Avakian was appointed Commissioner of the Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries. They were sworn in on May 19, 2008.
Bonamici was unopposed in the November 2008 special election for the balance of Avakian's four-year term, and was elected with 97% of the vote. In 2010, they were reelected with 64% of the vote.
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
Special election
In early 2011, Bonamici was mentioned as a possible successor to Representative David Wu after The Oregonian and Willamette Week reported that Wu exhibited odd behavior and clashed with their staff amid apparent mental illness during the 2010 election cycle. After Wu resigned from Congress, Bonamici announced their candidacy for the special election to replace him, touting endorsements from former Governor Barbara Roberts, former Congresswoman Elizabeth Furse, and incumbent Oregon Attorney General John Kroger, among others.
On November 8, 2011, Bonamici won the Democratic Party of Oregon's nomination, with a majority of the vote in every county in the district and 66% of the vote overall, a 44-point margin over second-place finisher Brad Avakian. They defeated Republican nominee Rob Cornilles in the January 31, 2012, special election by a 14-point margin.
Before their election to Congress, Bonamici resigned from the Oregon Senate on November 21, and was replaced by Elizabeth Steiner Hayward in December.
2012 regular election
In November 2012, Bonamici was reelected to their first full term with over 60% of the vote.
Legislation
On July 31, 2014, Bonamici introduced the Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2014 (H.R. 5309; 113th Congress) into the House. The bill would authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to spend $27 million a year for three years on their ongoing tsunami warning and research programs.
Bonamici said, "the coastlines of the United States already play an integral role in the economic prosperity of this country and we must strengthen their preparedness and resiliency so they can continue to play that role going forward." They added that the bill "will improve the country's understanding of the threat posed by tsunami events" because it will "improve forecasting and notification systems, support local community outreach and preparedness and response plans, and develop supportive technologies."
Committee assignments
Committee on Science, Space and Technology
United States House Science Subcommittee on Environment
United States House Science Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight
Committee on Education and the Workforce
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Human Services (Chair)
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training
Select Committee on the Climate Crisis
Caucuses memberships
Congressional STEAM Caucus
Congressional Progressive Caucus.
Congressional Arts Caucus
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus
Climate Solutions Caucus
Medicare for All Caucus
Electoral history
* In the 2012 election, Steve Reynolds was co-nominated by the Libertarian and Pacific Green parties.
Personal life
Bonamici is married to Michael H. Simon, a federal judge. They have two children. Bonamici was raised Episcopalian and Unitarian, and subsequently converted to Judaism. They attend Congregation Beth Israel with their husband (who was born Jewish), and their children.
See also
Women in the United States House of Representatives
References
External links
Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici official U.S. House website
Suzanne Bonamici for Congress
|-
|-
|-
1954 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
American women lawyers
Converts to Judaism
Jewish members of the United States House of Representatives
Jewish women politicians
Lane Community College alumni
Living people
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Oregon lawyers
Oregon state senators
Politicians from Beaverton, Oregon
Politicians from Detroit
Simon family
University of Oregon School of Law alumni
Women in Oregon politics
Women state legislators in Oregon
University of Oregon alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Oregon
Tom Kingsley is an English TV and film director.  They are best known for directing Ghosts and three-time BAFTA-winning Channel 4 sitcom Stath Lets Flats. Their work has been nominated for the 2012 BAFTAs, the 2011 British Independent Film Awards, the Guardian First Film Award, the Evening Standard Film Awards, and the Raindance Film Festival.
Education
Kingsley was educated at Eton College, a boarding independent school for boys in Eton in Berkshire, followed by Gonville and Caius College at the University of Cambridge, where they studied English, and was a member of the comedy group Footlights, directing the Footlights Revue "Wham Bam" at the 2007 Edinburgh Fringe.
Life and career
In 2008, Kingsley worked as a runner at Blink, the Soho-based production company, after sending them a DVD containing several of their short films. Over the next year, they began directing music videos and commercials.
In 2011 Kingsley and Will Sharpe released their low-budget feature-length film Black Pond. The film led to Kingsley and Sharpe being nominated for Outstanding Debut at the Baftas, and winning Most Promising Newcomer(s) at the Evening Standard Film Awards. It was listed as a film of the year in the New Statesman and the Financial Times.
In 2022, Kingsley directed the second of the 60th anniversary specials for Doctor Who, to be screened in 2023.
Filmography
Feature films
The Darkest Universe (2016)
Black Pond (2011)
TV series
Stath Lets Flats (2018)
Pls Like (2017)
Ghosts (2019)
This Is Going to Hurt (2021)
Doctor Who (2023)
References
External links
Official website
Kingsley's YouTube channel
1985 births
Advertising directors
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
British music video directors
Living people
Film directors from London
People educated at Eton College
To be sour is to evoke the taste that detects acidity.
Sour may also refer to:
Food and drink
Sour (cocktail), a traditional family of mixed drinks
Souring, a cooking technique that uses exposure to an acid to effect a physical and chemical change in food
Sour beer
Music
Sour (album), a 2021 album by Olivia Rodrigo
Sour (band), an American band
Sour, a 1994 album by Ours
"Sour", a song by Limp Bizkit from their album Three Dollar Bill, Y'all
Places
Sours, a commune in northern France
Sour, Algeria
Tyre, Lebanon, occasionally romanized as Sour
Other
Sun of Unclouded Righteousness, a Christian hymn
Sour (cannabis), a subset of Cannabis sativa-dominant Cannabis strains
See also
Soeur (disambiguation), including Sœur and Söur
SUR (disambiguation)
Tart (disambiguation)
is a private junior college in Tsuruga, Fukui, Japan, established in 1986.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1986
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukui Prefecture
1986 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
The 2020 United States presidential election in Mississippi was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Mississippi voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Mississippi has six electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump scored a convincing victory in Mississippi, a socially conservative Bible Belt state. Biden's main support was in the western Delta counties next to the Mississippi River, and in Hinds County, home to the state capital and largest city of Jackson. In contrast, Trump's margins came from the regions bordering the Gulf Coast, the northeast Appalachian area, and the Jackson and Memphis suburbs. Trump's strength also came from winning 81% of the White vote, which constituted 69% of the electorate. 57% of voters believed abortion should be illegal in all or most cases and they backed the president 82%-17%. Trump also received 89% of the Evangelical vote, which made up 54% of the electorate. Biden managed to very narrowly flip Warren County, winning it with 49.6% of the vote to Trump's 49.2%. Nonetheless, Biden became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying Chickasaw or Panola Counties since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on March 10, 2020.
Republican primary
Democratic primary
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and former Vice President Joe Biden were the major declared candidates still active in the race.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Warren (the largest city: Vicksburg)
Results by congressional district
Trump won 3 of 4 congressional districts.
Analysis
Mississippi, a conservative state in the Deep South and greater Bible Belt, has not been won by a Democrat since the 1976 victory of fellow Southerner Jimmy Carter. Trump easily carried the state on election day by a 16.54% margin.
Despite Biden's loss statewide, they did manage to flip Warren County, home to Vicksburg, which had voted Democratic in 2012 but flipped back to the GOP column in 2016. In other elections, Republican Cindy Hyde-Smith defeated Democrat Mike Espy by almost 10 points in the simultaneous senatorial race. Although Hyde-Smith underperformed Trump, they still won by a somewhat comfortable margin.
In referendums, a statewide referendum to approve a new flag after their controversial previous one, which contained the Confederate battle ensign, was rejected. The new alternative passed with over 71% of the vote. Medical marijuana was approved in the state with more than 61% of voters supporting the legalization. The less restrictive of the medical marijuana bills, Initiative 65, passed with over 57% selecting the less restrictive of two options to legalize medical marijuana. The state also voted to get rid of the electoral college system that had been in place to elect statewide officials. Over 74% of Mississippians voted to remove the provision that a candidate must receive the support of a majority of Mississippi Legislature House districts.
This is the fourth consecutive election in which Mississippi voted more Democratic than each of its neighboring states. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Mississippi came from White born-again/Evangelical Christians, of whom 89% supported Trump. 59% of voters believed abortion should be illegal in all or most cases, and these voters backed Trump 83%–16%. As is the case in many Southern states, there was a stark racial divide in voting for this election: 82% of White Mississipians supported Trump, while 93% of Black Mississippians supported Biden.
See also
United States presidential elections in Mississippi
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Mississippi
2020
Presidential
Karel Kubeška (born 17 June 1955) is a Czech curler and curling coach.
They were a vice-president of European Curling Federation in 2010-2014.
Personal life
Karel Kubeška is a father of Anna Kubešková, one of the best Czech women curlers. Karel has coached Anna's team for a long time and played with them in mixed curling teams.  They are married, has two children and works as a marketing advisor.
References
External links
Living people
1955 births
Sportspeople from Prague
Czech male curlers
Czech curling coaches
The Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as the Methodist Episcopal Church of Hibernia, is a historic church built in 1869 and located at 419 Green Pond Road in the Hibernia section of Rockaway Township, Morris County, New Jersey. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 14, 2011, for its significance in architecture and industry. Since 1970, the building has been used as a branch of the Rockaway Township Free Public Library.
History
Hibernia was home to the workers of the nearby Hibernia mines. Using funds from the iron mining companies, the New Jersey Mining Company built the church in 1869 using Carpenter Gothic architectural style, an adoptation of Gothic Revival architecture using simpler materials. In 1953, the property was sold to the Holy Trinity Lutheran Church. In 1969, it was sold to the Rockaway Township Lions Club, who in turn sold it for a nominal $1 to be used as a public library.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, New Jersey
List of Methodist churches in the United States
References
External links
Rockaway Township, New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Morris County, New Jersey
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Churches in Morris County, New Jersey
United Methodist churches in New Jersey
Churches completed in 1869
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in New Jersey
Live Without a Net may refer to:
Live Without a Net (album), a 1980 live album by the rock band Angel
Live Without a Net (Van Halen video), a 1986 video of a live Van Halen performance
Live Without a Net (book), a 2005 science fiction anthology edited by Lou Anders
The KPL Top 8 Cup (also known as the KPL Top 8 Knockout, the KPL Top 8 Knockout Cup or simply the Top 8 Knockout, the Top 8 Cup or the Kenyan Top 8 Cup) is a Kenyan football championship contested by the top eight teams of the preceding Kenyan Premier League (KPL) season. The inaugural edition of the tournament took place in 2011, with Ulinzi Stars as the winners.
Format
The tournament is played in both a single-elimination and double-elimination format. It begins with the quarter-finals, where teams play against each other once. In the semi-finals, teams play each other in two matches and the team with more goals on aggregate advances to the final, which is played once. No third place playoff is played.
The winners of the tournament receive a total sum of KSh.1,000,000/= as prize money, although appeals to the Football Kenya Federation have been made to increase the sum as gate collections in the tournament surpass the prize money amount.
Finals by year
References
External links
Futaa.com - Top 8 Cup
Kenyan Premier League - Official website
Football competitions in Kenya
Top
Meet the Ancestors (later Ancestors) is a BBC Television documentary series first broadcast in 1998. It documented the archaeological excavation and scientific reconstruction of human remains. The series was introduced by archaeologist Julian Richards and often included facial reconstructions by Caroline Wilkinson.
A follow-up to the series, Stories from the Dark Earth: Meet the Ancestors Revisited, was broadcast in 2014 on BBC Four.
Companion book
Notes
The series was renamed Ancestors for its seventh season.
Episodes
Series one (1998)
Series two (1999)
Specials (1999)
Series three (2000)
Canterbury special (2000)
Series four (2001)
Series five (2002)
New Year special (2003)
Series six (2003)
Series seven (2004)
External links
BBC television documentaries about history
1998 British television series debuts
2004 British television series endings
1990s British documentary television series
2000s British documentary television series
David Wallis Reeves (February 14, 1838 – March 8, 1900), also known as D. W. Reeves or Wally Reeves, was an American composer, cornetist, and bandleader. They developed the American march style, later made famous by the likes of John Philip Sousa, and their innovations include adding a countermelody to the American march form in 1876. Sousa called Reeves "The Father of Band Music in America", and stated they wished they themselves had written Reeves' "Second Regiment Connecticut National Guard March". Charles Ives also borrowed from the "Second Connecticut" on four occasions.
Biography
Reeves was born on February 14, 1838, in Oswego, New York. In the early 1850s, they joined the Oswego band as an alto horn player, but soon moved to cornet, the instrument for which they would become famous. They occasionally performed with Jules Levy, another famous cornetist of the period. In 1871, they married Sarah Blanding. Blanding had a daughter from a previous marriage, and they were later to have a son, David W. Reeves, Jr.
Reeves was a cornetist with the Dodworth Band of New York before being recruited by the American Brass Band of Providence, Rhode Island in 1866. They joined the ensemble on February 17, and was elected its leader on April 9. Their initial compensation was $600 per year, plus the proceeds of one concert, in return for which they agreed to conduct the band on all occasions. They eventually added woodwinds to the formerly all-brass band, which became known as Reeves' American Band. It was known as one of the best marching bands in the country during their tenure. In the 1870s, they created the first local orchestra in Providence, the Providence Symphony Orchestra.
Reeves accepted the directorship of Patrick Gilmore's Twenty-Second New York Regiment band after Gilmore's death in September 1892, and led Gilmore's band at the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition. Reeves returned to the American Band after a year.
In 1878, Reeves led a performance of H.M.S. Pinafore, using a boat for the stage, which Arthur Sullivan took note of. Later in the 1890s, they served as a judge for the New York Volunteer Firemen's Association's band competitions.
Death and burial
Early in 1900, they contracted Bright's disease. They died on March 8, 1900. Their funeral service took place at the First Baptist Church in America, where they had frequently led the American Band as part of Brown University's Commencement ceremonies, and included a performance of their Immortalis by the American Band. John Philip Sousa sent 200 roses in their memory. They were buried at Swan Point Cemetery with Masonic honors.
Legacy
By the time of their death in 1900, they had composed over 100 works. In 1926, a marble fountain was built as a memorial to Reeves in Roger Williams Park in Providence.
References
External links
Recordings of D. W. Reeves' music on the National Jukebox
D. W. Reeves sheet music at the Library of Congress
D. W. Reeves sheet music in the Lester S. Levy Collection of Sheet Music at Johns Hopkins University
American male composers
1838 births
1900 deaths
People from Oswego, New York
Musicians from Providence, Rhode Island
American bandleaders
Musicians from New York (state)
Deaths from nephritis
19th-century conductors (music)
19th-century American composers
Burials at Swan Point Cemetery
This is a list of singles that charted in the top ten of the ARIA Charts in 2017. In 2017, twenty-seven acts reached the top ten for the first time.
Top-ten singles
Key
2002 peaks
2013 peaks
2016 peaks
2018 peaks
Notes:
The single re-entered the top 10 on 2 January 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 23 January 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 20 March 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 17 July 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 24 July 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 31 July 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 2 October 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 9 October 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 16 October 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 23 October 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 6 November 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 27 November 2017.
The single re-entered the top 10 on 18 December 2017.
Entries by artist
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 2017, including songs that reached their peak in 2016 and 2018. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 2017 is also shown.
See also
2017 in music
ARIA Charts
List of number-one singles of 2017 (Australia)
List of top 10 albums in 2017 (Australia)
References
Australia Singles Top 10
Top 10 singles
Top 10 singles 2017
Australia 2017
Margery Lewis (Smith) was an American photographer active from the 1940s to the 1970s.
Biography
Margery Lewis' long-term relationship with photojournalist W. Eugene Smith overshadows their own career as a photographer in their own right. Their relationship began, and their son Kevin Eugene Smith was born (in 1954), while Smith was still married to their wife Carmen, with whom they had four children.
Lewis changed their name to Smith in the 1960s, but continued to use Lewis in picture credits.
Professional photographer
Lewis was a portraitist of celebrities, especially musicians, artists and writers, including Leopold Stokowski, painter Paul Burlin and poet Carolyn Stoloff (both appearing in the March, 1963 issue of Horizon magazine), Elliott Carter, Norman Granz, and Aaron Copeland.
They continued to photograph into the 1970s.
Recognition
Lewis' photographs were included in two exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art both assembled by the Museum's curator of photography Edward Steichen; Always the Young Strangers, February 26–April 1, 1953, and, from 1955, the world-touring The Family of Man, seen by 9 million visitors, in which one of their 1954 photographs of couples at a high school dance, commissioned by Seventeen, was featured.
They produced images and articles for popular mid-century photography magazines.
References
American women photographers
Gerold is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Gerold Bührer (born 1948), Swiss politician and member of the National Council (1991–2007)
Gerold of Cologne (1201–1251), martyr and saint
Gerold Löffler (born 1967), Swiss bobsledder who has competed in the early 1990s
Gerold Schwarzenbach (1904–1978), Swiss chemist
Gerold Späth (born 1939), Swiss poet and writer
Gerold of Vinzgouw (c. 730 – 784/786 or 795) was a count in Kraichgau and Anglachgau
Gerold, Prefect of Bavaria (died 799), Margrave of the Avarian March and Prefect of Bavaria
See also
Sankt Gerold, municipality in the district of Bludenz in Vorarlberg, Austria
The Rosario–Córdoba Highway is a highway in the central region of Argentina, which links the third- and second-largest cities in the country. The route was inaugurated on December 22, 2010. It has total length of 410 km (255 mi) and an estimated cost of 1.6 billion USD.
National roads in Santa Fe Province
Transport in Rosario, Santa Fe
Cordoba Province
Proposed roads
Proposed transport infrastructure in Argentina
Louise Henriette de Bourbon (20 June 1726 – 9 February 1759), Mademoiselle de Conti at birth, was a French princess, who, by marriage, became Duchess of Chartres (1743–1752), then Duchess of Orléans (1752–1759) upon the death of their father-in-law. On 4 February 1752, their husband became the head of the House of Orléans, and the First Prince of the Blood (Premier prince du sang), the most important personage after the immediate members of the royal family.
The new Duke of Orléans and their wife were then addressed as Monsieur le Prince and Madame la Princesse. Louise Henriette de Bourbon, Duchess of Orléans, was a grandmother of the French monarch Louis-Philippe King of the French, "the Citizen King". Them descendants include the present-day pretenders to the throne of France and Italy and the kings of Spain and Belgium.
Background
Louise Henriette was born in Paris, the only daughter of Louis Armand de Bourbon, Prince of Conti and Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon. Them father was the second son of François Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Conti known as le Grand Conti and their wife Marie Thérèse de Bourbon. Them paternal grandmother and their maternal grandfather being siblings, their parents were first cousins. Them mother was the oldest and favourite daughter of Louise-Françoise de Bourbon, themselves the oldest of the surviving legitimised daughters of Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan. As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, Louise Henriette was a Princess of the Blood (princesse du sang). In their youth they were known at court as Mademoiselle de Conti.
Them father died in 1727 due to a "chest swelling". Them father was known to have been abusive to their wife and left them without even having apologised to their wife. As such their oldest surviving brother Louis François de Bourbon (1717–1776) became the Prince of Conti. At the time of their father's death, they were one of three children; their brother the Prince; and another brother Louis Armand de Bourbon, the Duke of Mercœur (1722–1730).
Marriage
One of Louise Henriette's cousins, Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre, son of Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon, Count of Toulouse, and heir to the Penthièvre fortune, had proposed marriage to her, but their mother's choice fell upon the heir of the more prestigious House of Orléans. As a result, on 17 December 1743, at the age of seventeen, Louise Henriette married their second cousin, the Duke of Chartres, Louis Philippe d'Orléans, in the chapel of the Palace of Versailles.
Louise Henriette's mother, Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon, hoped the marriage would put an end to conflict between the House of Bourbon-Condé and the House of Orléans, the source being animosity between Louise Élisabeth's mother, Louise-Françoise de Bourbon, Dowager Princess of Condé, and their aunt, Françoise-Marie de Bourbon, Dowager Duchess of Orléans, who were sisters and legitimised daughters of Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan.
In 1731, a marriage between the two families had already taken place, that of Henriette's elder brother Louis François I de Bourbon, prince de Conti to Louise Diane d'Orléans. The Duke of Chartres' father, Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, known as the Pious, accepted their wife's choice because of the princess' upbringing in a convent; however, after a much passionate beginning, Louise Henriette's scandalous behaviour caused the couple to break up.
Among their extramarital affairs, they are said to have had a relationship with the Count of Melfort whom they met at the Château de Saint-Cloud after the birth of their son. During the Revolution of 1789, Philippe-Égalité publicly claimed that their real father was not their mother's husband at all but instead a coachman at the Palais-Royal. This assertion was likely for political reasons to distance the ambitious Duke from the ancien regime. However DNA testing in a 2014 established the Y-chromosome haplogroup and ySTR pattern of the House of Bourbon, and has indeed confirmed the biological legitimacy of Louise Henriette's eldest son, Philippe-Égalité. As part of this project samples were taken from 3 living genealogical descendants of Louis XIII, namely Axel, Prince of Bourbon-Parma; Henri, Prince of Bourbon-Parma, and João Henrique, Prince of Orléans-Braganza. The former 2 are documented male line descendants of Philip V of Spain, who was a grandson of Louis XIV.
The latter is a direct male line descendant of Philip I, Duke of Orleans - a younger brother of Louis XIV and the ancestor of Louise Henriette's husband. All 3 testers were a genetic partilineal match on a ySTR comparison, and were assigned to sub-haplogroup R1b1b2a1a1b*(R-Z381), now deemed the upstream patrilineal snip of the House of Bourbon.
Issue
The couple had three children:
A daughter (Château de Saint-Cloud, 12 or 13 July 1745 – 14 December 1745, Château de Saint-Cloud);
Louis Philippe Joseph d'Orléans (Château de Saint-Cloud, 13 April 1747, – 6 November 1793, Place de la Révolution, Paris (executed)), who succeeded their father as Duke of Orléans in 1785,
Duke of Montpensier at birth,
Duke of Chartres at the death of their grandfather in 1752,
Duke of Orléans at the death of their father in 1785,
known as Philippe-Égalité during the French Revolution;
possible husband for Princess Kunigunde of Saxony (1740–1826), the youngest daughter of Augustus III of Poland;
married Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, Mademoiselle de Penthièvre, and was the father of Louis-Philippe King of the French;
Louise Marie Thérèse Bathilde d'Orléans (Château de Saint-Cloud, 9 July 1750 – 10 January 1822, Paris), the last princesse de Condé,
possible bride for Ferdinand, Duke of Parma,
married Louis Henry II, Prince of Condé,
known as Mademoiselle at court prior to their marriage,
known as Citoyenne Vérité during the French Revolution.
Death
Louise Henriette died on 9 February 1759 at age 32, with their husband and children at their side, at the Palais-Royal, the Orléans residence in Paris. Them son and daughter were, respectively, eleven and eight years old. After their death, their husband had several mistresses, ultimately finding the love of their life, the witty but married marquise de Montesson, whom they married after they became a widow. Like their mother, who had inherited the title through their Condé's ancestry, Louise Henriette was the duchesse d'Étampes in their own right, having inherited the title on the occasion of their husband's rise to the head of the House of Orléans in 1752. At their death, their son inherited the ducal title, which they held until it became extinct in 1792, during the French Revolution.
In June 1759, shortly after their twelfth birthday, Louis Philippe, their only son, was presented before the court at Versailles, officially meeting King Louis XV and the royal family. Despite their detached relationship, the Duke of Orléans was greatly affected by their wife's death, and so was their son. Louise Henriette was buried at the Val-de-Grâce in Paris.
Ancestry
Notes and references
External links
Documents sur Les Seigneurs et Dames d'Étampes dans le Corpus Étampois (French)
1726 births
Louise Henriette
1759 deaths
Louise Henriette
Louise Henriette
Dukes of Étampes
Louise Henriette
Louise Henriette
Louise Henriette
Louise Henriette
18th-century French nobility
Étampes, Duchess of, Louise Henriette de Bourbon
Nobility from Paris
Louise Henriette
Burials at Val-de-Grâce (church)
Blair Macaulay (born June 27, 1988) is a Canadian ice hockey player. They currently play for the Tulsa Oilers in the Central Hockey League (CHL).
For their outstanding play during the 2012-13 season, Macaulay was selected as the CIS West men's hockey most valuable player for the second straight year, and was also named to the CIS All-Canadian First Team.
On September 4, 2013, the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL announced that brothers Blair and Scott Macaulay were both signed to play the 2013–14 season. After just 1 game with the Condors, Macaulay was released and moved to the CHL with the Tulsa Oilers, alongside Scott.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Bakersfield Condors (1998–2015) players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Saskatoon Blades players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Tri-City Americans players
Tulsa Oilers (1992–present) players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Sean Reed Douglass (born April 28, 1979) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB).
Major league career
In 54 career games (31 starts), Douglass had a record of 7-13, their best year being 2005 going 5-5 in 18 games (16 starts) for the Tigers. They have also spent time with the Toronto Blue Jays and Baltimore Orioles. In April 2008, Douglass signed with the Florida Marlins, but did not appear in a game for their organization before being released in May.
Japanese career
In 2006, Douglass played in Japan's NPB for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp. Douglass started 18 games recording a 9-6 record with a 3.41 ERA and 71 strikeouts.
In 2008 July, Douglass joined NPB for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
External links
career stats at Yahoo
1979 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Antelope Valley High School alumni
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from California
Detroit Tigers players
Hiroshima Toyo Carp players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Ottawa Lynx players
People from Lancaster, California
Rochester Red Wings players
Tokyo Yakult Swallows players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Daniel Goldberg (born 24 August 1965, Saint-Denis, France) is a French Socialist politician. A mathematics teacher, they were elected deputy in 2007 to represent La Courneuve.
Biography
Goldberg was born on the August 24th 1965. They studied at the University of Paris 13 and earned a PhD at Pierre and Marie Curie University (Paris VI).
They were a member of the regional council of the Île-de-France from 2004 to 2007.
References
External links
Official blog
1965 births
Living people
People from Saint-Denis, Seine-Saint-Denis
Politicians from Île-de-France
Socialist Party (France) politicians
Deputies of the 13th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 14th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Sorbonne Paris North University alumni
Paris 8 University Vincennes-Saint-Denis alumni
Erythranthe guttata, with the common names seep monkeyflower and common yellow monkeyflower, is a yellow bee-pollinated annual or perennial plant. It was formerly known as Mimulus guttatus.
Erythranthe guttata is a model organism for biological studies, and in that context is still referred to as Mimulus guttatus. There may be as many as 1000 scientific papers focused on this species. The genome is (as of 2012) being studied in depth.
Description
A highly variable plant, taking many forms, E. guttata is a species complex in that there is room to treat some of its forms as different species by some definitions.
The plant ranges from tall with disproportionately large, 2 to 4 cm long, tubular flowers. The perennial form spreads with stolons or rhizomes. The stem may be erect or recumbent. In the latter form, roots may develop at leaf nodes. Sometimes dwarfed, it may be hairless or have some hairs.
Leaves are opposite, round to oval, usually coarsely and irregularly toothed or lobed. The bright yellow flowers are born on a raceme, most often with five or more flowers.
The calyx has five lobes that are much shorter than the flower. Each flower has bilateral symmetry and has two lips. The upper lip usually has two lobes; the lower, three. The lower lip may have one large to many small reds to reddish brown spots (hence the name guttata, which is Latin for 'spotted'). The opening to the flower is hairy.
Erythranthe guttata is pollinated by bees, such as Bombus species. Inbreeding reduces flower quantity and size and pollen quality and quantity. E. guttata also displays a high degree of self-pollination. Erythranthe nasuta (Mimulus nasutus) evolved from E. guttata in central California between 200,000 and 500,000 years ago and since then has become primarily a self-pollinator. Other differences have occurred since then, such as genetic code variations and variations in plant morphology. E. guttata prefers a wetter habitat than E. nasuta.
Distribution and habitat
A herbaceous wildflower, Erythranthe guttata grows along the banks of streams and seeps throughout much of western North America from sea level to . Both annual and perennial forms occur throughout the species' range. It blooms during spring at low elevations, during summer at high elevations.
It is found in a wide range of habitats including the splash zone of the Pacific Ocean, the chaparral of California, Western U.S. deserts, the geysers of Yellowstone National Park, alpine meadows, serpentine barrens, and even on the toxic tailings of copper mines. It is also very common in New Zealand near water bodies.
Cultivation
Erythranthe guttata is cultivated in the specialty horticulture trade and available as an ornamental plant for: traditional gardens; natural landscape, native plant, and habitat gardens.
Uses
The leaves are edible, both raw and cooked. Leaves are sometimes added to salads as a lettuce substitute, they have a slight bitter flavour.
References
External links
Calflora: Mimulus guttatus'' (Seep Monkey Flower, Yellow Monkey Flower, common yellow monkeyflower)
University of Michigan - Dearborn, Native American Ethnobotany:
Mimulus Genome Browser - for genetics researchers
Mimulus guttatus — UC Photos gallery
guttata
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the West Coast of the United States
Flora of British Columbia
Flora of California
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Plant models
Garden plants of North America
Freshwater plants
Leaf vegetables
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Ulric Browne is a British actor, known for portraying the background role of Winston in BBC soap opera EastEnders.
Career
Since November 1985, Browne has appeared in BBC soap opera EastEnders, portraying the role of Winston, a man that runs a market stall in Walford.  They are the show's longest-serving male extra and the show's second longest-serving extra, behind Jane Slaughter's character Tracey. Browne also played Marcus in One Way Out in 1989, and had the guest role of Benny Hughes in The Bill in 2003. In 2004, they played Tiko in The Quiet Storm.
References
External links
Black British male actors
English male soap opera actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Frederick Sasseville (August 28, 1927 – November 30, 2005) was an American cartoonist and graphic artist, best known for their work with Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, they graduated from the Minneapolis College of Art in 1948. They served in both World War II and the Korean War. They worked at the Art Instruction Schools, where they met fellow Minnesotan Schulz. Sasseville worked with Schulz on the short-lived sports comic strip It's Only a Game (1957–1959) and the Peanuts comic book feature, where they were succeeded by Dale Hale. Though they followed Schulz to California in 1959, in 1960 they left cartooning to become a graphic artist. Jim Sasseville died on November 30, 2005.
Bibliography
Charles Schulz and Jim Sasseville, It's Only a Game, 2004,
External links
"Jim Sasseville: The Ghost in the (Peanuts) Machine"
Lambiek Comiclopedia
Comics Reporter
1927 births
2005 deaths
American cartoonists
Charles M. Schulz
Artists from Minneapolis
20th-century American artists
Eilema viettei is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Mauritius.
References
Moths described in 1954
viettei
A New Day Yesterday may refer to:
A New Day Yesterday (video album), a video album by Jethro Tull
"A New Day Yesterday", a 1969 song by Jethro Tull from the album Stand Up
A New Day Yesterday (Joe Bonamassa album)
The 2014 Aragon motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourteenth round of the 2014 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It was held at the Motorland Aragón in Alcañiz on 28 September 2014.
The MotoGP race started in dry conditions, but as the race progressed, the conditions closed in and rain started to fall. Yamaha rider Jorge Lorenzo pitted earlier than their rivals, and as conditions continued to deteriorate, Lorenzo proved to be the quickest rider on track. Accordingly, Lorenzo went on to win the race – their first victory of the season – by over 10 seconds from Forward Racing rider Aleix Espargaró. Espargaró's result was the first instance of an Open class competitor finishing on the podium. They only just held off Cal Crutchlow at the finish, by a margin of 0.017 seconds; Crutchlow recorded their first podium finish for Ducati. Repsol Honda riders Marc Márquez and Dani Pedrosa initially tried to stay out on dry tyres, but both riders crashed. They eventually remounted, swapped bikes, and ultimately finished the race 13th and 14th. Valentino Rossi had been making progress up the order, from sixth on the grid, when they ran wide onto the grass – damp due to the wet conditions – and crashed heavily. They lost consciousness briefly after the crash, and was transferred to a hospital in Alcañiz for a precautionary CT scan.
In the supporting categories, Maverick Viñales took their second victory of the 2014 Moto2 season, leading home championship leader Esteve Rabat, while Johann Zarco completed the podium for the second race in succession. In Moto3, Romano Fenati won their fourth race of the season, beating Álex Márquez – who took the championship lead in the process – and Danny Kent to the line in a close finish. The championship leader going into the round, Jack Miller, could only finish 27th, after colliding with Márquez. Both riders met with race directors after the race in regard to the incident, but no further action was warranted.
Classification
MotoGP
Moto2
Moto3
Championship standings after the race (MotoGP)
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round fourteen has concluded.
Riders' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
References
2014 MotoGP race reports
Aragon Motorcycle Grand Prix
Aragon motorcycle Grand Prix
Aragon motorcycle Grand Prix
Fabiano de Lima Campos Maria (born 24 November 1985), simply known as Fabiano, is a Brazilian football player who plays as striker.
Career
Fabiano signed a one-year deal for SK Rapid Wien on free transfer in summer 2007, they came from Ponte Preta. In April 2008, they were awarded another year on their contract. In September 2010 Fabiano agreed one-year deal with Aris. In March 2011 they signed a one-year deal for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya as free agent.
In 2018 they featured for Birkirkara F.C.
References
External links
Brazilian FA Database
1985 births
Living people
People from São José dos Campos
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Association football forwards
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
SK Rapid Wien players
FC Wacker Innsbruck players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
LASK players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Super League Greece players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
The Central Remedial Clinic (), commonly known and referred to as the CRC, is a non-residential national centre established for the care, treatment and development of children and adults with physical disabilities. It is located at Clontarf, Ireland.
History
The clinic was founded by Lady Valerie Goulding and Kathleen O'Rourke in 1951 as a small non-residential treatment centre in a house on Upper Pembroke Street in Dublin's city centre. In 1954 it moved to Goatstown where it quickly developed paramedical and educational services for people with disabilities. In 1968, it moved into a purpose-built facility in Clontarf. In the 1970s, Lady Goulding hired Charles Haughey to head up its fund-raising arm. Accountant to Haughey, Des Peelo, was chairperson for a period. While Lady Goulding ensured continuing finance from State and philanthropic sources, its medical development was under the direction of Dr Ciaran Barry, who also worked at the Mater Hospital. The CRC opened a centre in Waterford, providing a regional assessment service for children in the south-east of Ireland, in 2001 and substantially expanded it in 2011.
The CRC is partly funded by the Health Service Executive (HSE) and partly funded by charity and fundraising activities. As of 2010/2011, the CRC was in receipt of approximately €17 million annually from the HSE, with an additional €14 million raised by its charity arm (Friends and Supporters of the Central Remedial Clinic). The latter included several million in National Lottery funding.
Controversy
The CRC was "embroiled in a major scandal" in 2013 when it was revealed that senior staff were receiving salaries much higher than agreed public service pay rates, that donated funds (intended to provide services) were used to pay these salaries, and that the charity had paid its former chief executive a "secret €742,000 retirement pay-off" from charitable funds. These controversies (and similar issues at other Irish charities) during 2014 and 2015 reportedly resulted in an overall reduction in donations to charitable organisations and prompted changes to the regulation of charities in Ireland.
References
External links
CRC website
Medical and health organisations based in the Republic of Ireland
Disability in Ireland
Hospitals in Dublin (city)
1951 establishments in Ireland
Hospitals established in 1951
Seanad nominating bodies
WAMA (1550 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Tampa, Florida, United States, it serves the Tampa Bay area. The station is currently owned by George and Esperanza Arroyo, through licensee Q Broadcasting Corporation.
The station broadcasts 24 hours a day with an omnidirectional antenna, but at a lower power at night.
Programming
Until April 2013, most programming on WAMA was provided by ESPN Deportes Radio. The station does air one local program, Momento Deportivo ESPN 1550, hosted by Victor Rodriguez.
Previous logo
External links
FCC History Cards for WAMA
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Tampa, Florida
Mexican-American culture in Florida
AMA
Regional Mexican radio stations in the United States
AMA
1961 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1961
Breandrum (Irish derived place name, either Brea an Droim meaning 'The Fine Hill-Ridge' or Bréan Droim meaning 'The Filthy Hill-Ridge'.) is a townland in the civil parish of Kildallan, barony of Tullyhunco, County Cavan, Ireland.
Geography
Breandrum is bounded on the east by Carn, Tullyhunco townland, on the west by Berrymount, Clifton, County Cavan and Killygreagh townlands and on the north by Aghavoher townland. Its chief geographical features are a quarry, a spring well and a dug well. Breandrum is traversed by minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 63 acres.
History
Up until the 19th century, Breandrum formed part of the townland of Killygreagh and its history is the same until then.
The 1825 Tithe Applotment Books list four tithepayers in the townland.
In 1832 one person in Brendrum was registered as a keeper of weapons- Phill Kiernan, who had one gun.
The Breandrum Valuation Office books are available for April 1838.
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists three landholders in the townland.
In the 19th century Breandrum was owned by Captain Bedel Stanford. The Stanford Estate papers are in the National Archives of Ireland.
Census
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are three families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are four families listed in the townland.
References
External links
The IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Townlands of County Cavan
This is a list of the main thermal power plants in Romania which at the end of 2006 had a total generating capacity of 11.335 MW.
Coal/Oil/Gas
Hydroelectric
Nuclear
Wind farms
Solar farms
See also
Energy in Romania
List of coal power stations
List of the largest power stations in the world
References
Romania, thermal
Power stations
Gerrit Kouwenaar (9 August 1923 – 4 September 2014) was a Dutch journalist, translator, poet and prose writer.
Biography
Kouwenaar was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. In the early 1940s, during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands, they wrote various clandestine publications (the first in 1941), and worked for the illegal newspaper Parade der Profeten. They were arrested for this and sentenced to six months' imprisonment.
Their first collection of poetry appeared in 1949, but they gained wider attention as a member of the Dutch poetry group known as the Vijftigers - the '50s poets'. Kouwenaar worked for magazines and newspapers such as Vrij Nederland, De Waarheid, and Het Vrije Volk. Kouwenaar was awarded the Martinus Nijhoff Prize in 1967 for their translation work.
In 1970, they were given the P. C. Hooft Award. Kouwenaar later won the 1989 Dutch Literature Prize. In 2009, the Society of Dutch Literature named Kouwenaar the recipient of its annual honor. Their last published work was released on 9 August 2008, Kouwenaar's eighty-fifth birthday.
Gerrit Kouwenaar's older brother was the painter and poet David Kouwenaar (1921–2011). Kouwenaar died on 4 September 2014 in Amsterdam, aged 91.
References
External links
Gerrit Kouwenaar at the Digital Library for Dutch Literature
1923 births
2014 deaths
Dutch resistance members
Dutch journalists
Dutch male poets
Dutch translators
English–Dutch translators
German–Dutch translators
Writers from Amsterdam
Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren winners
P. C. Hooft Award winners
20th-century translators
20th-century Dutch poets
20th-century Dutch male writers
Beşköprü is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The World Federation of Building and Woodworkers' Unions (, FMCB) was an International Trade Federation affiliated to the World Confederation of Labour (WCL).
History
The federation was established on 9 September 1937, at a meeting in Paris, when the International Federation of Christian Woodworkers merged with the International Federation of Christian Workers in the Building Trades. Initially known as the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions of Building and Woodworkers, it adopted its final name in 1973.
In December 2005, the federation merged with the International Federation of Building and woodworkers, to form the Building and woodworkers' International.
Leadership
General Secretaries
J. van Eibergen
Gerrit de Lange
1990s: Dick van de Kamp
2000s: Bert van der Spek
Presidents
Kamiel Nuyts
Antoon Desloovere
1998: Jacky Jackers
References
Building and construction trade unions
World Confederation of Labour
Trade unions established in 1937
Trade unions disestablished in 2005
Mark Adams (born 1949) is one of New Zealand's most distinguished photographers.
They were born in Christchurch, New Zealand, and attended the Canterbury University School of Fine Arts from 1967–1970, majoring in graphic design to get access to photography.
I learned bugger all at art school. Tom Palaskas, a fellow student, taught me how to develop film and print. I taught myself how to use cameras. Then I discovered the art schools 4 x 5-inch Linhof plate camera and taught myself how to use that. That changed everything. That was the future.
After art school Adams became interested in painting through a long-term friendship with the artist Tony Fomison and later Theo Schoon.
Best known for their work on documenting Samoan tatau (tattooing), Maori-Pakeha interactions around Rotorua, and historic sites around New Zealand, Adam's work has been extensively exhibited within New Zealand as well as Europe, Australia and South Africa. Their work has also featured in Brazil's São Paulo biennale.
In 1997 Adams was awarded the Southland Art Foundation Artist in Residence award.
Their work is represented in most of New Zealand's major art institutions, including the Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa and Christchurch Art Gallery.
In 2009, their photographs featured in a new book Tatau: Samoan Tattoo, New Zealand Art, Global Culture published by Te Papa Press, the publication arm of New Zealand's national museum. The book tells the story of Samoan master tattooist, the late Sua Sulu'ape Paulo II.
Adams lived for many years in Auckland, New Zealand where they have also taught photography.
Publications
Tatau: Samoan Tattoo, New Zealand Art, Global Culture (2009), , , published by Te Papa Press, Photographs by Mark Adams, edited by Sean Mallon and Nicholas Thomas.
Rauru: Tene Waitere, Maori Carving, Colonial History (8 July 2009), ASIN 1877372617, , published by Otago University Press, Photographs by Mark Adams, James Schuster, Lyonel Grant, edited by Nicholas Thomas.
Cook's Sites: Revisiting History (1 Jan 1999), , illustrated edition published by Otago University Press, Photographs by Mark Adams, edited by Nicholas Thomas.
Land of memories : a contemporary view of places of historical significance in the South Island of New Zealand (1993), , published by Tandem Press, Photographs by Mark Adams, text by Harry Evison.
Further reading
Brownson, Ron, ed. Art Toi: New Zealand Art at Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki. Auckland: Auckland Art Gallery, 2011.
Corson-Scott, Chris & Edward Hanfling. Pictures They Want to Make: Recent Auckland Photography. Auckland: Photoforum, 2013.
Eggleton, David. Into the Light: A History of New Zealand Photography. Nelson: Craig Potton Publishing, 2006.
McAloon, William, ed. Art at Te Papa. Wellington: Te Papa Press, 2009.
Scott, Hanna & Ann Shelton eds. Sightseeeing. Auckland: Rim Books, 2010.
Strongman, Lara, ed. Contemporary New Zealand Photographers. Auckland: Mountain View, 2005.
Key Exhibitions
Kinder's Presence, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, 2013–14.
Recent Auckland Photography, Northart, Auckland, 2013.
Mark Adams, Bruce Connew, John Miller, Govett-Brewster Art Gallery, New Plymouth, 2009.
Tatau, Museum of Anthropology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver; OCAD Gallery, University of Ontario, Toronto, 2008.
Pe'a: Photographs by Mark Adams, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, 2005.
After William Hodges: Mark Adams Photographs, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, 2005.
Mark Adams, Zelda Cheatle Gallery, London, 2004.
Cook's Sites: Revisiting History, Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, 1999.
Roteiros. Roteiros. Roteiros. Roteiros. Roteiros. Roteiros. Roteiros, Fundacao Bienal de São Paulo, Brazil, XXIV Bienal de São Paulo, 1998.
Whenua I Maharatia, Hae hae Ngā Tākata – Land of Memories, Scarred by People, Dunedin Public Art Gallery; City Gallery Wellington, 1993–94.
After the Fact and Silence: Haruhiko Sameshima and Mark Adams, Lopdell House Gallery, Auckland, 1993.
Pākehā-Māori: A Conjuncture, Rotorua City Art Gallery (touring), 1986–1990.
Interviews
Chapter and Verse – Tatau, Broadcast Sunday 25 April 2010 on Radio New Zealand National (8'23")
References
External links
Works at Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki
Works at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
The Marti Friedlander Photographic Award
The Arts Foundation
New Zealand artists
New Zealand photographers
1949 births
Living people
Sacred Heart College (abbreviated as SAHECO) is a private Catholic primary and secondary boarding school for boys, located in Bamenda, Northwest Region of Cameroon. It is managed by the Archdiocese of Bamenda, and is known for producing some of the best results in the General Certificate of Education Ordinary and Advanced Levels in Cameroon. Apart from academic excellence, Sacred Heart College, like other Catholic schools, prides itself in the holistic formation given to students aimed at preparing them to be law-abiding and right-thinking members of a democratic and pluralistic society.
Originally created by the Mill Hill Missionaries, the school was handed over to the Marist Brothers who managed it for decades, before eventually ceding control to the Archdiocese of Bamenda.
History
Sacred Heart College came into existence on 21 January 1961 with Fr Thomas Mulligan (MHM) as the pioneer Principal. Motivated by the need to cater for students from Bamenda who passed the entrance examination into Saint Joseph's College, Sasse located hundreds of kilometres away, Fr Thomas Mulligan put together the first cohort of 30 boys at R.C.M Big Mankon due to the lack of appropriate infrastructure. This single-sex boarding school which was officially inaugurated on 8 July 1965 by Their Excellency Augustine Ngom Jua, at the time Prime Minister of West Cameroon, later metamorphosed into a full-fleshed secondary education institute in 1978 with the creation of a second Cycle. As at 2013, the student enrolment stood at 880, with 52 teachers and 21 auxiliary staff. Apart from excelling in academics, Sacred Heart students are well known for their sporting talents and discipline.
Rev. Brother John Phillips summoned a meeting of the alumni on 2 May 1972, following the regrettable absence of ex-students at the 10-year anniversary of SAHECO with the purpose of brainstorming on the establishment of an alumni association. On June 12, Sacred Heart Ex-Students Association (SHESA) was born and its first executive was formed with Mr Ebot Ntui as the National President, and Mr. Ngwambe Fuh Gabriel as the Vice President. The principal mission of SHESA is that of promoting the teachings of the alma mater, which include academic excellence, fraternity, civil responsibility, service, god-fearing and morally upright attitude. To date, the Association has more than ten chapters with some of them in the United States of America and Europe. Ex-students of this institution are fondly called; SHESANS or Mishe.
SHESANS engage in different acts of charity in their various communities, as well as contribute towards assisting the development and management of their alma-mater. On 18 September 2017, a dormitory got burned in what was suspected to be an arson attack perpetuated by separatist fighters due to the ongoing Anglophone Crisis, prompting the mobilisation of ex-students and well-wishers who quickly raised funds for the reconstruction of the damaged building.
SHESA recently launched a microfinance institution called SHESA Credit Union with Head office in Yaoundé.
Golden Jubilee (1961 - 2011)
In January 2011, Sacred Heart College, Mankon celebrated 50 years of existence marked with celebrations in Cameroon as well as other parts of the world including; Germany, USA, and United Kingdom. The celebrations on campus commenced with Holy Mass officiated by Christian Cardinal Tumi and Archbishop Cornelius Fontem Esua in the presence of Fon Angwafo III of Mankon, who 50 years ago offered land for the construction of this college, state dignitaries, parents, students, members of staff, ex-students and well-wishers. The Golden Jubilee celebration was marked by the laying of the foundation stone of a 250 million Francs CFA multipurpose auditorium, and a fundraising operation during which 36 million Francs CFA was raised.
List of Principals
Notable alumni
In politics and government, some notable alumni of Sacred Heart College include members of government in Cameroon including Felix Mbayu, Paul Tassong, Mingo Paul Ghogomu, Herman Maimo and Ebot Ogork Ntui. The President of Elections Cameroon (ELECAM) and former Governor Mr.Enow Abrams Egbe is an ex-student. The pioneer President of the Executive Council of the Northwest Region of Cameroon, Professor Fru Angwafor III is a SHESAN. Several members of parliament and diplomats have passed through SAHECO.
In law, the former President of the Bar Council of Cameroon, Bâtonnier Sama Francis and Retired President of the Court of Appeal of the Northwest Region of Cameroon, Chief Justice Jani Leonard graduated from SAHECO. A former student, Justice Malegho Joseph Aseh, was appointed Secretary General of the Constitutional Council of Cameroon
In the business world, the award winning young entrepreneur Nteff Alain, founder of Gifted Mom and winner of the Mastercard Foundation Premier Social Entrepreneur Award, the Anzisha Grand Prize of 2014 as well as the Queen's Young Leader Award 2016 graduated from SAHECO. In September 2020, Nteff Alain who doubles as the promoter of Healthlane application announced on their twitter page that they had successfully raised 1.3 billion francs CFA through a crowdfunding operation
In music, the 2016 All Africa Music Awards Best Male Artist for Central Africa, Wax Dey and rising Afro rapper Ngoma are ex students. Motherland Empire Cameroons leading record label, was founded by ex-student Dick Chie (Dikalo)
References
Bamenda
Catholic schools in Cameroon
Boys' schools in Cameroon
Boarding schools in Cameroon
Primary schools in Cameroon
Secondary schools in Cameroon
William Maclure (27 October 176323 March 1840) was an Americanized Scottish geologist, cartographer and philanthropist.  They are known as the 'father of American geology'. As a social experimenter on new types of community life, they collaborated with British social reformer Robert Owen, (1771–1854), in Indiana, United States.
Maclure had a highly successful mercantile career, making a fortune that allowed them to retire in 1797 at the early age of 34 to pursue their scientific, geological and other interests. In 1809 they made the earliest attempt at a geological map of the United States of America.
Biography
Early life, business, and education
Maclure was born in 1763 in Ayr, Scotland.
After a brief visit to New York City in 1782, they began work with the merchants Miller, Hart & Co, who traded and shipped goods to and from America. Maclure was based in the London office but regularly travelled to France and Ireland on business. In 1796 business affairs took them to Virginia, which they thereafter made their home.
In 1803 they visited France as one of the commissioners appointed to settle the claims of American citizens on the French government; and during the few years then spent in Europe they applied themselves with enthusiasm to the study of geology.
While residing in Switzerland, they became impressed with what is now called the Pestalozzi School System, from Swiss pedagogist Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi (1746–1827).
Geological map
On their return home in 1807 they commenced the self-imposed task of making a geological survey of the United States. Almost every state in the Union was traversed and mapped by him, the Allegheny Mountains being crossed and recrossed some 50 times. The results of their unaided labours were submitted to the American Philosophical Society in a memoir entitled Observations on the Geology of the United States explanatory of a Geological Map, and published in the Society's Transactions, together with the first geological map of that country, Maclure's 1809 Geological Map. This antedates William Smith's geological map of England and Wales (with part of Scotland) by six years, although it was constructed using a different classification of rocks.
In 1812, while in France, Maclure became a member of the newly founded Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia (ANSP). In 1817 Maclure became president of the ANSP, a post they held for the next 22 years.
In 1817, while residing in Europe, Maclure brought before the same society a revised edition of their map, and their great geological memoir, which they had issued separately, with some additional matter, under the title Observations on the Geology of the United States of America. Subsequent surveys have corroborated the general accuracy of Maclure's observations.
Later years
In 1819 they visited Spain, and attempted, unsuccessfully, to establish an agricultural college near the city of Alicante. Returning to America in 1824, they settled for some years at New Harmony, Indiana, seeking to develop their vision of the agricultural college. Failing health ultimately required them to relinquish the attempt and to seek (in 1827) a more congenial climate in Mexico. There, in 1840, at San Ángel, they died aged 77. Their will provided for a trust fund consisting of most of their property. Under the terms of the Trust, 160 workingmen's libraries were established. The treatment of Maclure's burial site in Mexico was bereft of the honors due the respected humanitarian and geologist:
Summary of the second phase of Maclure's life (after Moore 1947)
New Harmony
The New Harmony commune in Indiana produced a number of geologists, naturalists, and botanists which were influenced by Maclure, such as: Robert Dale Owen (1801–1877), social reformer; David Dale Owen (1807–1860), geologist, artist; Jane Dale Owen Fauntleroy (1806–1861), educator; and Richard Owen (1810–1890) geologist, first president of Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana. They interacted there with a formidable crop of contemporary geologists, social reformers, botanists, paleobotanists, ethnologists, civil engineers, etc.
Published works
Maclure, W. 1817. Observations on the geology of the West India Islands, from Barbadoes to Santa Cruz, inclusive. Journal of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia 1(6), 134–149. (BHL link)
Maclure, W. 1818. Essay on the formation of rocks, or an inquiry into the probable origin of their present form and structure. Part 1. Journal of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia 1(7), 261–276. (BHL link)
Maclure, W. 1818. Essay on the formation of rocks, or an inquiry into the probable origin of their present form and structure. Part 2. Journal of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia 1(7), 285–310. (BHL link)
Maclure, W. 1818. Essay on the formation of rocks, or an inquiry into the probable origin of their present form and structure. Part 3. Journal of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia 1(7), 327–345. (BHL link)
Maclure, W. 1818. On the geology of the United States of North America, with remarks on the probable effects that may be produced by the decomposition of the different classes of rocks, on the nature and fertility of soils: applied to the different states of the Union agreeably to the accompanying geological map. Transactions of the American Philosophical Society new series 1, 1–92. (BHL link)
Primary Sources
The European Journals of William Maclure was a monumental book, describing, charting, and chronicling much of the features of Europe.
Taxonomic Eponyms
Charles Alexandre Lesueur described a new genus of fossil ammonites called Maclurite.
Macluritidae an extinct family of relatively large, Lower Ordovician to Devonian, macluritacean gastropods is named in honor of Maclure.
Maclura a genus of flowering plants in the mulberry family, Moraceae is named in honor of Maclure. The genus includes the inedible Osage-orange, which is used as mosquito repellent and grown throughout the United States as a hedging plant.
Geological Eponyms
Mount Maclure in Yosemite National Park.
Maclure Glacier, one of the last remaining glaciers in Yosemite National Park.
See also
Geologic map of Georgia
Footnotes
Further reading
Harvey L. Carter, "William Maclure," Indiana Magazine of History, vol. 31, no. 2 (June 1935), pp. 83–91. In JSTOR
Alberto Gil Novales, Maclure en España. Iniciativas de Cultura, 1981.
Donald E. Pitzer, "William Maclure's Boatload of Knowledge: Science and Education into the Midwest", Indiana Magazine of History, vol. 94, (1998), pp. 110–135.
Leonard Warren, Maclure of New Harmony: Scientist, Progressive Educator, Radical Philanthropist. Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, 2009.
External links
Biography of William Maclure by James S. Aber
William Maclure at University of Evansville
New Harmony Workingmen's Institute, legacy of William Maclure at University of Evansville
History of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia
New Harmony Scientists, Educators, Writers & Artists at University of Evansville
1763 births
1840 deaths
Scottish geologists
American geologists
People from New Harmony, Indiana
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
Sunil Roul (born 14 October 1998) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Odisha in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. They made their List A debut on 8 December 2021, for Odisha in the 2021–22 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Odisha cricketers
People from Cuttack
Cricketers from Odisha
Francis Duru (born July 27, 1969) is a Nigerian actor who in 2007 received the United Nations Ambassador of Peace award for their positive influence on the youths. In 2010 Duru was appointed as the interim president of the Actors Guild of Nigeria and also in the same year was nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role at the Africa Movie Academy Awards.
Early life and education
Duru was born on July 27, 1969 in Cameroon to Nigerian parents who hail from Imo State a southeastern geographical location of Nigeria. They received both primary and secondary school education in Cameroon but in order to obtain a B.Sc. degree, they moved to Nigeria where they applied to the University of Port Harcourt in Rivers State and was accepted as an undergraduate to study Theatre arts. In 1996 they obtained a B.Sc. degree in Theatre Arts.
Career
Duru debuted in the Nigerian movie industry in 1989 with a movie titled Missing Mark. The movie was directed by the now deceased director; Ndubuisi Oko. Duru's feature in the movie did not do enough for their career as at the time they were still regarded as an up-and-coming actor.
Duru became more prominent in the Nigerian movie industry in 1994 after featuring in an action comedy movie titled Rattle Snake a movie produced by now deceased director; Amaka Igwe. They played a significant role in a character called Ahanna.
Award
Duru was a recipient of the United Nations Ambassador of Peace award for their positive influence on the youths. They won the Best Actor in a Leading Role (Igbo) award in 2020 Best of Nollywood Awards for their role in Mboputa.
Humanitarian works
Duru has worked extensively with local and foreign non-governmental organizations (NGOs) in order to ensure that African children have a better education and a higher standard of living. According to a Nigerian reputable print media called the Vanguard, Duru has worked with UNICEF, USAID, LEAP AFRICA and COMPASS.
Personal life
Duru and their wife Adokiye got married in 2003 and both have four children together. Duru and Adokiye both attended the University of Port Harcourt.
Selected filmography
The Good Husband (2020)
Mboputa (2020)
Stigma (2013)
Home In Exile (2010)
Nnenda (2009)
Always Mine (2009)
Breaking Heart (2009)
Entanglement (2009)
Bless My Soul (2008) as Emeka
Lumba Boys (2008)
One On One (2008)
Worst Enemy (2008)
Laviva (2007)
Final War (2007)
Gods Of No Mercy (2007)
Great Ambassadors (2007)
House In Crisis (2007)
Love And Likeness (2007)
Persecution (2007)
Rhythm Of Love (2007)
Royal Grandmother (2007) as Azubuike
Short Of Time (2007)
Silent Whispers (2007)
Total War (2007) as Pastor Henry
Warriors Of Satan (2007)
Will Of God (2007)
Clash Of Interest (2006)
Forces Of Nature (2006)
My girlfriend (2006)
My Little Secret (2006)
Personal Assignment (2006)
Soul Engagement (2006)
Soul Engagement II (2006)
Soul Engagement III (2006)
Sound Of Love (2006)
Sound Of Love II (2006)
Sweet Sound (2006)
Sweet Sound II (2006)
Tears From Holland (2006)
Tears From Holland II (2006)
Upside Down (2006)
Upside Down II (2006)
Without Apology (2006)
Without Apology II (2006)
Rattle Snake (1995)
Missing Mark (1989)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Igbo male actors
University of Port Harcourt alumni
21st-century Nigerian male actors
Nigerian male television actors
Nigerian male film actors
Actors from Imo State
Kaore Dam is an arch dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 2.5 km2. The dam impounds about 39 ha of land when full and can store 17200 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1976 and completed in 1995.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1995 establishments in Japan
Pulaski Heights is a section of the city of Little Rock, Arkansas, located in the north-central portion of the city. The area comprises two distinct neighborhoods representing an historic suburb dating from the 1890s that was among the first areas to be annexed into Little Rock.
Incorporated in 1905 and annexed to Little Rock in 1916, Pulaski Heights today remains among the more independent-minded areas of the city, with a strong sense of community in both its northern, upper-elevation portion (The Heights) and its southern, lower-elevation portion (Hillcrest). Throughout Pulaski Heights there curves a beautiful east–west thoroughfare, Kavanaugh Boulevard (including portions formerly known as Prospect Avenue), named for Williams Marmaduke Kavanaugh, a former Pulaski County judge and local journalist, business person, and banker who was also a founder of the Little Rock Baseball Association. The lovely tree-lined boulevard passes by a number of shops and boutiques unique to Little Rock, as well as such historic buildings and locations as the former Pulaski Heights Town Hall, the former Pulaski Heights Assembly Hall, Mount St. Mary Academy, and the original headquarters site of the Allied Telephone Company (the earliest incarnation of Alltel and Alltel's later spinoff, Windstream Communications).
Neighborhoods
The Heights
"The Heights" is the northernmost section of Pulaski Heights and has been long considered to be one of the most affluent neighborhoods in Little Rock, as it is home to many established, old-monied patrician families. Many large, majestic homes line the streets of The Heights, especially in its historic Edge Hill and Prospect Terrace additions, which were primarily first developed in the 1920s. The neighborhood has been home to the exclusive Country Club of Little Rock since the club's founding in 1902, and its commercial areas offer a number of fashionable shopping and dining destinations. Administrative offices for the Arkansas Symphony Orchestra and Roman Catholic Diocese of Little Rock are located at St. John's Center on N. Tyler Street. A variety of architectural styles can be found in The Heights representing the decades from its earliest settlement to the present day.
One early attraction of The Heights was Forest Park, developed in 1904 soon after the Little Rock Traction and Electric Company introduced streetcar service into Pulaski Heights in 1903. The park, located at the end of the Pulaski Heights streetcar line, was intended to increase ridership and income for the company, especially on weekends; it was bounded by Kavanaugh Boulevard (then Prospect Avenue) on the south, "V" Street on the north, N. Taylor Street on the east, and University Avenue (then N. Hayes Street) on the west. The main entrance into the park was situated approximately where N. Pierce Street crosses Kavanaugh Boulevard today. Special features and attractions offered at the park included a promenade and gardens, a dance pavilion, a bandstand for band and vocal concerts, a small zoo, a figure-eight railroad, a merry-go-round, an aerial swing, a "laughing gallery," a shooting gallery, refreshment stands, a special track for horseracing, and a large block-long pool fed by artesian wells for swimming; the pool was sited next to Kavanaugh Boulevard approximately where the present Heights Theater office building (named after the former neighborhood Heights film theater) is found today. Also located on the grounds was a streetcar barn. A white-stucco auditorium, designed in the early Mission architectural style, could seat up to 1,500 persons. Probably the largest entertainment ever held at Forest Park was one of several "last" dramatic performances by the famous actor Sarah Bernhardt, which reportedly drew a crowd of some 3,000 attendees. Undoubtedly, the most spectacular entertainment offered at the park were the Sunday ascensions of an acrobatic balloonist who performed from a parachute-supported trapeze.
In 1939, the park was closed and its land sold, although its name is preserved today by the neighborhood Forest Park Elementary School and the Forest Park Station of the United States Postal Service. It also lives on in the fond memories of many older residents.
After the park's closure, its land was subdivided and platted, and the area was rechristened as "Forest Heights." (The not too distant eponymous Forest Heights Middle School brandishes the newer name.) Following the Second World War many small, modest "Brayle Homes" (named after a local developer) were constructed on the former park land; these were especially intended for purchase by returning war veterans eager to start new families and begin post-war "nest-building." A large number of Brayle-type homes can still be found today in Cammack Village, a small separately incorporated enclave that immediately borders The Heights to its west.
In recent years, in what has become a matter of controversy, many of the former Brayle Homes in Forest Heights have been razed and replaced by larger homes, some of which have been disparagingly described by critics as "McMansions"; surviving smaller homes are then overshadowed (some would say overwhelmed) by the latter type of new adjoining structures. While there have been discussions about instituting a Heights Municipal Historic Preservation District to limit the number of demolitions in Forest Heights, no such district has yet been created.
Hillcrest
"Hillcrest" is the southernmost section of Pulaski Heights. It also encompasses the oldest and most historic portions of Pulaski Heights. In 1891 a group of investors primarily from Michigan, led by Henry F. Auten and Edgar E. Moss, incorporated the Pulaski Heights Land Company. Sale of residential lots by the company and subsequent construction of homes began here in the 1890s, and on some blocks examples of the early Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architectural styles can still be found. Also located here are the former Pulaski Heights Town Hall and Assembly Hall buildings and one of the oldest educational institutions in Arkansas—Mount St. Mary Academy—a Catholic girls' school.
As with The Heights, Hillcrest also is the location of some very large, stately, and imposing historic homes; many of these can be found along Hillcrest's Midland Street and other streets in its Midland Hills addition: Ridgeview Court, Crystal Court, Linwood Court, and Colonial Court. Similar historic, stately homes can be found along portions of its Kavanaugh Boulevard, S. Lookout Road, and Woodlawn Drive; and along its Hill Road, where the former residence of the late Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas, can be found. Most typically, many blocks in Hillcrest contain an eclectic and pleasing mix of various early twentieth-century architectural styles, with larger homes and charming cottages and bungalows interspersed together.
In order to encourage preservation of Hillcrest's unique historic character and heritage, the Hillcrest National Historic District was established in 1990, with its borders soon being expanded in 1992. After expansion, the national historic district now consists of circa 707 acres of land, bounded by Markham Street and Lee Avenue on the south, N. Lookout Road and Evergreen Drive on the north, N. Woodrow Street on the east, and N. Harrison Street on the west.
Moreover, also to help secure the neighborhood's attractiveness, the City of Little Rock has established a Hillcrest Municipal Design Overlay District, which specifies height and set-back requirements for new structures and renovation of existing structures.
Little Rock's first streetcar system once extended into Hillcrest, with its entry into the neighborhood being at the current intersection of Markham Street and Kavanaugh Boulevard in the Stifft Station area of Arkansas's capital; the streetcar line then followed Kavanaugh Boulevard through Pulaski Heights up to the line's ending at Forest Park. The streetcars, over time, aided in the growth of Pulaski Heights and made possible its linking to Little Rock. Uniting the two municipal entities increasingly seemed to make sense and was finally achieved when the citizens of Pulaski Heights voted to merge into the City of Little Rock on January 4, 1916, in part to obtain better fire protection. Although no longer a separately incorporated municipality, residents of Pulaski Heights, including both The Heights and Hillcrest, have retained a strong sense of separate identity. In an era in which so much of new urban housing consists of sterile suburban tract developments filled with soulless, cookie-cutter residential structures, Pulaski Heights remains in the present what it was in the past, a green and leafy island in the midst of a city, truly an island of serenity, a cherished community that retains still the feel of a close-knit and supportive small town.
External links
Historic information on Little Rock and Pulaski Heights, from the Little Rock City Manager's official web page
Former municipalities in Arkansas
Neighborhoods in Little Rock, Arkansas
Typhoon Amy was an intense and deadly tropical cyclone that struck areas of the central Philippines in December 1951. Impacting the archipelago during the 1951 eruption of Mount Hibok-Hibok, Amy exacerbated the effects of the volcano, greatly increasing the number of resulting deaths. The fifteenth named storm and fourteenth typhoon within the western Pacific Ocean that year, Amy developed from an area of low pressure near the Kwajalein Atoll on December 3. Tracking in a general westward direction, the storm quickly intensified to reach typhoon intensity the next day. However, the typhoon's asymmetricity resulted in a fluctuation of intensity over the following few days. Afterwards, Amy intensified to reach its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 220 km/h (140 mph) and a minimum barometric pressure of 950 mbar (hPa; 28.05 inHg) on December 8. Over the ensuing two days, Amy moved over several islands in the central Philippines before emerging in the South China Sea on December 11 as the equivalent of a minimal typhoon. Shortly after, the tropical cyclone executed a tight anticyclonic loop while oscillating in strength several times before eventually weakening and dissipating on December 17, just east of Vietnam.
Amy was considered one of the worst typhoons to strike the Philippines on record. Making its initial landfall along with the concurrent eruption of Mount Hibok-Hibok on Camiguin, the typhoon disrupted volcanic relief operations and forced the displacement of victims already displaced by the volcano. Cebu City suffered the worst impacts of Amy – most of the city's buildings were heavily damaged, and 29 people died in the city. Strong winds and rainfall in the city associated with Amy also set records which still remain unbroken today. Damage there was estimated at 560 million Philippine pesos. Along the east coast of Leyte, where Amy initially struck, ninety percent of homes were destroyed, and a large swath of coconut plantations were wiped out. In Panay, located on the western side of the Philippines, at least a thousand homes were destroyed in 41 towns. Overall, Amy caused $30 million in damage, and at least 556 fatalities, though the final death toll may have been as high as 991, making the typhoon one of the deadliest in modern Philippine history. An additional 50,000 people were displaced.
Meteorological history
The origins of Typhoon Amy can be traced back to a low-pressure area first detected over Kwajalein at 0500 UTC on November 29. Tracking westward, the Fleet Weather Center in Guam began to monitor vorticity for potential development, assigning the numeric designation 11122 to the tropical system. Late on December 2, a routine weather reconnaissance flight unexpectedly intercepted the disturbance and detected unusually strong westerly winds, a characteristic typically indicative of a tropical cyclone. As such, the flight, named Vulture George, was rerouted to investigate the area. After finding conclusive evidence of a closed low-pressure area, the Fleet Weather Center in Guam classified the disturbance as a tropical storm with winds of 100 km/h (60 mph). At the time, Amy had two separate centers of circulation, resulting in an asymmetrical wind field.
Following tropical cyclogenesis, the fast-moving tropical cyclone quickly intensified, reaching the equivalent of a Category 1 on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. Between December 4 and 5, however, Amy briefly weakened back to tropical storm intensity before restrengthening. Steady intensification followed afterwards, with the typhoon reaching the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane by 0000 UTC on December 6. By this time, the storm had slowed in forward speed. Later that day, the two, formerly separate circulation centers merged, resulting in an eye spanning 26 km (16 mi) in diameter. At 1200 UTC on December 8, Amy reached its peak intensity with winds of 220 km/h (140 mph) and a minimum barometric pressure of 950 mbar (hPa; 28.05 inHg), which would classify it as a modern-day Category 4 typhoon. At the same time, the tropical cyclone began to track slightly southwestward. At 0600 UTC the following day, Amy made its first landfall on southern Samar with an intensity equivalent of a Category 2 typhoon. Over the next two days, the typhoon weakened and moved over several islands in the Philippines including Leyte, Cebu, and Panay before emerging into the South China Sea on December 11.
In the South of China Sea on December 11, Amy quickly slowed in forward motion and began to execute a cyclonic loop. Late that day, the typhoon strengthened back to Category 2 intensity, and as such concurrently attained a tertiary peak intensity with winds of 160 km/h (100 mph) and a minimum barometric pressure of 968 mbar (hPa; 28.59 inHg). Late on December 13, Amy weakened back to a Category 1 typhoon for a transient period of time before restrengthening and reaching a quaternary peak intensity as a Category 3 typhoon with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). Afterwards, the typhoon began to weaken, and at 0900 UTC on December 17, the Fleet Weather Center in Guam issued their last bulletin on the tropical cyclone. Upon the issuance of the last advisory, Amy set records for most typhoon bulletins issued at 58, and most reconnaissance fixes at 25. However, Amy continued to persist through the next day before degenerating into a remnant low-pressure area late on December 18. The following day, the associated remnants of Amy dissipated east of Vietnam.
Impact and aftermath
Beginning on September 1, 1948, the then-active volcano Mount Hibok-Hibok on Camiguin Island in the Philippines began to release lava in a series of eruption events which continued for the ensuing three years. On December 4, 1951, a large, Peléan eruption event later rated between a 2 and 3 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index, sending pyroclastic flows and lahars down the northeast flank of the volcano. The resultant ash flows alone killed an estimated 500 people on the island, making it one of the deadliest volcanic eruption events in recorded history. As the typhoon approached the archipelago, relief agencies were forced to divert aid operations to victims of the recent eruption, slowing the recovery process.
Upon making landfall on south Samar on December 10, Hibok-Hibok erupted six times in rapid succession, worsening the effects of both the typhoon and the volcano. Amy had also made landfall on an area impacted by a second typhoon three weeks prior. Strong winds displaced and destroyed residences and uprooted trees, while torrential rainfall caused rivers to overflow, resulting in the flooding of sugarcane fields and the washing away of bridges. Radio communications to and between most of the central Philippine islands were disrupted.
Cebu was one of the worst impacted cities. At the local airport, an anemometer recorded sustained winds of 160 km/h (100 mph) early on December 10, which remains a record for the city. Rainfall peaked at 195.3 mm (7.69 in); at the time this made the typhoon the wettest tropical cyclone in Cebu history. All buildings made of light construction materials were at least partially damaged, with many large structures sustaining roof or other damage. At least 29 people were killed in the city, including the drownings of three due to the resultant flooding. The typhoon's effects caused the cessation of the city's power supply. Damage in Cebu totaled 560 million Philippine pesos. At least a hundred other people in Cebu City were displaced. Offshore, 28 ships capsized due to winds caused by Amy, including 7 inter-island vessels. This set a new record for vessels sunk by a typhoon in Cebu, and held until Typhoon Mike sunk 88 ships in 1990.
On Samar, where Amy first struck, reports indicated that 27 people died, despite initial reports that stated that there were no fatalities. In Iloilo City on Visayas, two people were killed and seventeen others were injured. Property damage in Bacolod, Negros was estimated at $250,000, and 52 people died, with an additional 2,250 persons rendered homeless. Elsewhere on Negros, 30 percent of the island's vital sugar crop was destroyed. On the east coast of Leyte, the typhoon was considered the worst in living memory, and ninety percent of homes there were destroyed. In Negros Oriental, schoolhouses in Canlaon, Vallehermoso, Negros Oriental, and Guihulngan were blown down. An aerial survey mission estimated that at least of coconut plantations were devastated; other coconut plantations throughout the Philippines also suffered considerable damage. Copra crops also suffered sizeable losses, though production was expected to remain at forecast levels. Tacloban's San Jose Airfield was severely damaged by the strong storm surge from Amy. In the Tacloban and Surigao Strait area, an estimated 146 people were killed. In the Leytenian town of Abuyog, the mayor had announced that 176 people were killed in the town alone. Another 135 fatalities were confirmed in Sogod. More than 100 persons were injured by falling coconuts and other airborne debris. On Leyte alone, damage was estimated at $8 million. The Red Cross estimated over a thousand homes in 41 towns on Panay were destroyed by the storm. More than 20 percent of crops and infrastructure were destroyed. Four people were killed on the island. Upon looping in the South China Sea, Amy brought torrential rainfall to areas of Manila, though no damage was reported.
Overall, Amy caused at least an estimated $30 million in damage throughout the central Philippines. However, the total number of fatalities directly associated with the effects of the typhoon remain disputed, and may range anywhere from 569 to 991, making Amy one of the deadliest typhoons to strike the island nation in recorded history. An additional 50,000 people were rendered homeless by the storm. The typhoon was characterized by the Philippine weather bureau to be the worst typhoon to strike the Philippines in at least 70 years. In the aftermath of Amy, then-president of the Philippines Elpidio Quirino declared a state of public calamity for eleven central Philippine provinces including the island of Camiguin, which was heavily affected by both the typhoon and Mount Hibok-Hibok. On December 24, the American Red Cross granted $25,000 to the Philippine Red Cross.
See also
Other storms named Amy
Typhoon Durian – Intense tropical cyclone that caused widespread damage in the central Philippines and Vietnam
Typhoon Angela (1995) – Super typhoon that brought flooding and strong storm surge to the Bicol Region of the Philippines
Typhoon Yunya (1991) – Struck the Philippines during the 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo
Notes
References
External links
JMA General Information of Typhoon Amy (5120) from Digital Typhoon
JMA Best Track Data (Graphics) of Typhoon Amy (5120)
JMA Best Track Data (Text)
JTWC Best Track Data of Typhoon 16W (Amy)
1951 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in the Philippines
Typhoons
1951 in the Philippines
Esprit Jouffret (15 March 1837 – 6 November 1904) was a French artillery officer, insurance actuary and mathematician, author of Traité élémentaire de géométrie à quatre dimensions (Elementary Treatise on the Geometry of Four Dimensions, 1903), a popularization of Henri Poincaré's Science and Hypothesis in which Jouffret described hypercubes and other complex polyhedra in four dimensions and projected them onto the two-dimensional page.
Maurice Princet brought Traite to artist Pablo Picasso's attention. Picasso's sketchbooks for their 1907 painting Les Demoiselles d'Avignon illustrate Jouffret's influence on the artist's work.
Esprit Jouffret was credited in the 2022 novel Music in the Mirrors for discovering the 5,857 worlds making up the universe.
See also
Maurice Princet
References
1837 births
1904 deaths
French mathematicians
French actuaries
Cubist artists
Mohamad Izwan bin Mahbud (born 14 July 1990) is a Singaporean professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Singapore Premier League club Lion City Sailors and the Singapore national team. They were the third-choice goalkeeper of Singapore at the 2010 AFF Championship and broke into the first team as Singapore won the 2012 AFF Championship.
Club career
Young Lions
Izwan began their club career with S.League club Young Lions.
LionsXII
Izwan played for the LionsXll in the Malaysia Super League.
During their time at the LionsXII, Izwan's performance at the 0–0 draw between Singapore and Japan drew interest from several clubs, including newly promoted J-League side Matsumoto Yamaga F.C. Yamaga's Vice-president Yoshiyuki Kato stated that they were very impressed by Izwan's concentration and ability and gave Izwan a one-week trial at Yamaga. It was later revealed that uncertainty over their ability and the language barrier prevented Izwan from becoming the first Singaporean to play in the J.League, with the club expressing concerns that Izwan was not any better than the local players Yamaga had.
During their time with the LionsXII, Izwan helped the team win the 2013 Malaysian Super League and 2015 Malaysian FA Cup titles.
Tampines Rovers
In late 2015, when the decision was made by the Football Association of Malaysia to kick the LionsXII out of the Malaysian Super League, Izwan, along with former teammates Christopher van Huizen, Izzdin Shafiq, Hafiz Sujad and Firdaus Kasman linked up with former coach V. Sundramoorthy at Tampines Rovers.
Nongbua Pitchaya
After spending two years with the Stags, Izwan signed for Nongbua Pitchaya, becoming the second Singaporean to play in the Thai League 2, alongside compatriot and fellow goalkeeper, Hassan Sunny, who joined Army United for a second stint. It was reported that Izwan took a pay cut to join the Thai side, underlining their fierce desire to try their talent overseas. Their move to Thailand was a successful one as they were named in FourFourTwo's Thai League 2 Team of the Season at the end of the 2018 season.
Trat FC
After spending two seasons in the Thai League 2, Izwan signed for top-flight Thailand side Trat F.C. for the 2020 Thai League 1 season.
Hougang United
On 27 June 2021, Izwan return to their home country after a long stint in Thailand by signing for the Singapore Premier League side Hougang United for the remainder of the 2021 season.
Izwan's Hougang debut didn't go as planned as the Cheetahs lost 4–1 to Tanjong Pagar United. Izwan couldn't preserve a point for their side against Albirex at home after conceding a lobbed goal by Takahiro Tezuka and ultimately lost to the titleholders.
Izwan picked up their first clean sheet for the Cheetahs in a 1–0 win against Young Lions
International career
Izwan made their international debut for Singapore in a friendly match against Chinese Taipei on 18 July 2011.
They rose to prominence in 2011 when they started in goal for Singapore as they defeated traditional rivals Malaysia over a two-leg World Cup qualifier in the same month.
On 16 June 2015, Izwan made 18 saves as Singapore managed to hold 4-time Asian Cup winners Japan to a 0–0 draw in Saitama, Japan during a 2018 World Cup and Asian Cup Qualifier match.
Career statistics
Club
. Caps and goals may not be correct.
Young Lions and LionsXII are ineligible for qualification to AFC competitions in their respective leagues.
Young Lions withdrew from the Singapore Cup and Singapore League Cup in 2011 due to scheduled participation in the 2011 AFF U-23 Youth Championship.
International
Honours
Club
LionsXII
Malaysia Super League: 2013
FA Cup Malaysia: 2015
International
Singapore
AFF Championship: 2012
Southeast Asian Games: bronze medal – 2013
Individual
2015 Malaysia FA Cup Final: Man Of the Match
2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC); vs Japan, (Saitama Stadium 2002, Saitama): Man Of the Match
References
External links
Lions XII profile
Goal profile
1990 births
Living people
People from Singapore
Singaporean footballers
Singapore international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Singaporean expatriate footballers
Singaporean expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
LionsXII players
Singapore Premier League players
Malaysia Super League players
Young Lions FC players
Nongbua Pitchaya F.C. players
Thai League 2 players
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Singaporean people of Malay descent
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
Elin Lindqvist, (born 1982 in Tokyo) is a Swedish author. They made their debut as a writer in 2002 with the book "Tokyo Natt".
Bibliography
Tokyo natt (2002)
Tre röda näckrosor (2005)
Facklan - en roman om Leon Larsson (2009)
References
Living people
1982 births
Swedish writers
Date of birth missing (living people)
Louis-Joseph Alcide Railliet (also known as Alcide Railliet, born 11 March 1852 at La Neuville-lès-Wasigny in the Ardennes – died 25 December 1930) was a French veterinarian and helminthologist.
Professor at the Veterinary School of Alfort, they are considered one of the founders of modern parasitology and wrote several books of veterinary parasitology. They chaired the Société zoologique de France in 1891. They were a member of the French Académie Nationale de Médecine, from 29 December 1896 to their death. They received the Legion of Honor.
Tributes
Railliet's name is honoured by several genera: Raillietia (Acari), Raillietina (Cestodes), Raillietascaris, Raillietnema and Raillietstrongylus (Nematodes), Raillietiella (Pentastomida), and the Acari family Raillietiidae.
Numerous species were named after Railliet, such as
Amidostomum raillieti, Angiocaulus raillieti, Aspidodera raillieti, Conoweberia raillieti, Eucoleus raillieti, Haemostrongylus raillieti, Henryella raillieti, Onchocerca raillieti, Protostrongylus raillieti, Quasiamidostomum raillieti, and Thominx raillieti (Nematodes), Coccidium raillieti and Eimeria raillieti (Coccidia), Dibothriocephalus raillieti, Hilmylepis raillieti, Ichthyotoenia raillieti, Sparganum raillieti, and Synthetocaulus raillieti (Cestodes).
All these animals are parasites, named in honour of Railliet by other parasitologists (the list of species may include synonyms).
Bibliography
Éléments de zoologie médicale et agricole, Asselin et Houzeau, Paris, 1885 Complete text in Gallica
Notices helminthologiques, impr. de Vve Renou et Maulde, Paris, 1885.
Parasites animaux : Les Parasites transmissibles des animaux à l'homme, envisagés spécialement au point de vue de la prophylaxie, A. Maulde, Paris, 1892 Complete text in Gallica
"Une nouvelle affection parasitaire du lièvre et du lapin de garenne", in Revue des sciences naturelles appliquées, n˚8, 20 avril 1890.
"Les Parasites de nos animaux domestiques", in Revue des sciences naturelles appliquées, n˚16, 20 août 1890.
Avec Léon Moulé, Histoire de l'École d'Alfort, Paris, Asselin et Houzeau,1908.
Notes and references
External links
ION Genus Raillietia
ION Genus Raillietina
ION Genus Raillietascaris
French parasitologists
French zoologists
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
1852 births
1930 deaths
I Only Have Eyes for You is an album by saxophonist Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis recorded in 1962 for the Prestige label.
Reception
The AllMusic review states simply "A five piece with Don Patterson on the Hammond B-3 and Paul Weeden on guitar".
Track listing
"I Only Have Eyes for You" (Al Dubin, Harry Warren) - 5:14
"Sweet and Lovely" (Gus Arnheim, Jules LeMare, Harry Tobias) - 4:34
"Street Lights" (Matthew Gee) - 5:29
"The Way You Look Tonight" (Dorothy Fields, Jerome Kern) - 6:31
"It's a Pity to Say Goodnight" (Billy Reid) - 4:44
"Time on My Hands" (Harold Adamson, Mack Gordon, Vincent Youmans) - 5:48
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis - tenor saxophone
Don Patterson - organ
Paul Weeden - guitar
George Duvivier - bass
Billy James - drums
References
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
1962 albums
Albums produced by Ozzie Cadena
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Prestige Records albums
NET Compact Framework controls is a set of controls for .NET Compact Framework.
Overview
The Microsoft .NET Compact Framework is a sub-library of .NET Framework. It simplifies the mobile application development of smart devices. These are to a large extent limited by the screen size, CPU performance or memory capacity. .NET Compact Framework takes some of the controls and libraries from .NET Framework. Moreover, it optimizes them to match the limited options of mobile devices in comparison with PCs.
There are certain criteria of user interface that mobile users demand. While plenty of functions of standard PC or Mac applications add to the user experience, they might decrease the mobile user experience. Mobile screen is usually small. Therefore, the user may often miss click on mobile screen with many buttons. All of the .NET Compact Framework controls are hence optimized to overcome the possible limits of mobile devices. Third-party controls are also available.
Features
faster UI development
widely used controls
source code availability
possibility to develop applications in Microsoft Visual Studio
.NET Compact Framework controls description
Third-party .NET Compact Framework controls
Apart from Microsoft other companies exist who produce .NET Compact Framework controls. See External links section below to find out more third-party .NET Compact Framework controls.
References
External links
.NET Compact Framework 3.5 Download
Third-party .NET Compact Framework controls
Compact Framework
Windows CE
Windows Mobile
Computer-related introductions in 2002
Vlotho () is a town in the district of Herford, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Geography
Vlotho is located along the Weser river, south of the Wiehengebirge, bordering on the Ravensberger Hügelland in the west, Lipperland in the south, and the Weserbergland in the east. The Weser river runs through the city east to north and thus separates the northeast part of the town, Uffeln, from the rest of the city. The highest point is the Bonstapel at 342 m in the south-east.
Neighbouring municipalities
Vlotho borders on Herford and Löhne in the west, Bad Oeynhausen and Porta Westfalica (both Minden-Lübbecke district) in the north, Kalletal in the east, and Lemgo and Bad Salzuflen (both Lippe district) in the south.
Division of the town
Exter
Uffeln
Valdorf
Vlotho
History
The first historical records of Vlotho go back to the year 1185. In 1248, Vlotho gained the official status of a city, but lost it again due to both pestilence and war. In the 17th century, Vlotho recovered as a location for industry, most notably paper. During the Thirty Years War, on 17 October 1638 Vlotho was the site of a battle, which resulted in a victory for an Imperial army under the command of Field Marshal Melchior, Count of Hatzfeldt over a Palatinate-Swedish army under the command of Charles Louis of Palatine. In 1650, Vlotho regained the right to hold a market, and in 1719, became an independent city. A harbour was built and Vlotho became the location of cigar, machine, and textile industry. In 1875, Vlotho station was constructed, and in 1928, a bridge replaced the ferry across the Weser river. In 1969, the old city of Vlotho was unified with the communities of Exter and Valdorf. In 1973, Uffeln (formerly part of the district of Minden) joined Vlotho.
Economy
A major part of the local economy is the emerging tourist industry. There is still some machine industry.
Sightseeing
Vlotho castle from the 13th century
Notable people
Ursula Haverbeck (born 1928), Holocaust denier
Helmut Rethemeier (born 1939), versatility rider, Olympian participant in 1976 (silver medal winner)
Heinrich Adolf Rinne (1809–1868), doctor
Notes
References
External links
Webcam overlooking the town centre
Homepage of the yearly festival
History of Vlotho and its surroundings
Mendel-Grundmann-Gesellschaft e.V. Vlotho
Herford (district)
In ancient Egyptian mythology, Aaru (; "Reeds, rushes"), known also as sḫt-jꜣrw or the Field of Reeds, is the heavenly paradise where Osiris rules. It has been described as the ka (a part of the soul) of the Nile Delta.
The ancient Egyptians believed that the soul resides in the heart and so, upon death, the Weighing of the Heart occurred. Each human heart is weighed on a giant scale against an ostrich feather, which represents the concept of Maat. Those souls which balance the scales are allowed to start a long and perilous journey to the Field of Reeds, where they will exist in pleasure for all eternity. Hearts heavy with evil tip and fall into the crocodilian jaws of the demon Ammit. After this "second death", the soul is doomed to restlessness in Duat.
The souls who qualify undergo a long journey and face many perils before reaching Aaru. Once they arrive, they enter through a series of gates. The exact number of gates varies according to sources; some say 15, some 21. They are uniformly described as guarded by evil demons armed with knives.
Aaru usually was placed in the east where the Sun rises and described as boundless reed fields, like those of the earthly Nile Delta. This ideal hunting and farming ground allowed the souls here to live for eternity. More precisely, Aaru was envisaged as a series of islands covered in fields of rushes. The part where Osiris later dwelt is sometimes known as the "field of offerings", sḫt-ḥtpt in Egyptian.
See also
Heaven
Elysium
Valhalla
Paradise
Nirvana (Nirvana (Buddhism))
Neorxnawang
Ashihara no Nakatsukuni of Japan
References
Citations
Bibliography
Jobes, Gertrude. Dictionary of Mythology, Folklore, and Stymbols, Part 1. New York:The Scarecrow Press, 1962.
Book of the Dead
Conceptions of heaven
Locations in Egyptian mythology
Osiris
Nile Delta
The President's House is a historic building on the campus of Southern Arkansas University (SAU) in Magnolia, Arkansas. The single-story brick structure was designed in the Mid-Century Modern style by Wittenberg, Delony, and Davidson, and built in 1958. The architectural style is a departure from the rest of the firm's work for SAU, which is predominantly Colonial Revival in character. The house is set north and east of the university's athletic fields, away from the main campus buildings. Its construction was begun under the tenure of Dr. Dolph Camp. It was used as the official residence of the university president until the summer of 2001, and has since 2003 housed the SAU Foundation.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Arkansas
References
University president residences
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1958
Houses in Columbia County, Arkansas
Southern Arkansas University
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, Arkansas
Mid-century modern
University and college buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
1958 establishments in Arkansas
Edgewood Farm is a historic farm located at Ellicott City next to Clarksville and Columbia, Howard County, Maryland, United States.
The historic 253 acre farm is affiliated with the Dorsey, Clark and Gaither families of Howard County. The property was once part of the Charles Carroll Estate. A wood framed farm house was built onsite, as well as a stone barn. A nineteenth century onsite cemetery contains the remains of several of the Clark and Dorsey family.
On 18 May 1833, William Gibbons inherited the property in a trust before the formation of Howard County from Anne Arundel County. The property was conveyed to Michael Dorsey, then Owen Dorsey. The farm passed ownership several times to Mr and Mrs. W. Clark Gaither.
The county's only major aircraft incident occurred at Homewood in 1962. A Vickers Viscount disabled by a bird strike crashed on the farm killing all aboard.
By 1978 the property was subdivided to just 92 acres. The remaining farm has been subdivided for residential development and for use by the Howard County Public School system. The farmhouse was demolished for new house construction with the stone barn retained as a residential car garage. The Gaither farm is also referenced as the "Homewood" farm after the Baltimore Estate of the Carroll Family.
See also
United Airlines Flight 297 1962 Aircraft crash killing 17 at the site.
Homewood (Ellicott City, Maryland)
References
Houses completed in 1851
Houses in Howard County, Maryland
Howard County, Maryland landmarks
Buildings and structures in Ellicott City, Maryland
1851 establishments in Maryland
The Menasunkur Ainu (Katakana: メナシクル) are an Ainu subgroup living on the eastern Hokkaido coast near Shizunai. Shakushain, the leader of the Menasunkur Ainu, led the Shakushain Revolts, the first large-scale attempt by the Ainu to dislodge the encroaching Japanese onto Hokkaido. The meaning of menas-un-kur is "the eastern people"; there is a theory that the Ainu adapted the concept "east" from Japanese peoples and adapted it into their name later.
Area of distribution
The Tsugaru Issei, a historiographic encyclopedia created in the early 18th century, cites that a vast area encompassing Shizunai to Kushiro and Akkeshi was the domain of the Menasunkur Ainu; there are theories that the Menasunkur Ainu were a large confederacy governed by chiefs like Shakushain, though more recent theories posit Menasunkur's power is much more limited. Haruo Oi, an ethnologist, believes the Menasunkur Ainu at the time of Shakushain was more limited to only the Shizunai and Monbetsu river basins.
Nearly a century following Shakushain's Revolt, Kumajiro Uehara, an Hokkaido historian, documents the Ainu from Hiroo to Nemuro were called the "Shimenashunkuru". They also describe the Menasunkur Ainu living in Eastern Hokkaido being split into two further subgroups; those who lived in south Hidaka and those in the Tokachi-Nemuro area. Hiromichi Kono, a researcher on Ainu grave markers, finds that distinctly-Menasunkur grave markers were distributed in the area from southern Hidaka to Kushiro and Abashiri, east of Shizunai. While most Menasunkur male grave markers looked like Y-shaped trees, the female grave markers had two types: one akin to a thick tree with a constriction at the top, and another akin to a clove-shaped tree, in Tokachi and Uchiura Bay respectively.
Additionally, a distinct type of chashi (Ainu fort) was found only in the areas of Menasunkur. There is a theory that this is because the Menasunkur is based on an eastern group that adapted Ainu culture far later than western Ainu subgroups, and there were conflicts in the process of "Ainuization" later.
History
The first records of the Menasunkur Ainu come from a foreigner Spaniard, Angelis, who records in 1618 the shiploads from Menashi "to the east of the Matsumae" load dried salmon, herring, and sea otter skins, not dissimilar to ones found in Europe.
In the mid-17th century, political struggles with the Sumunkur Ainu, its western neighbor, intensified. Tensions escalated when the Sumunkur chief Onibishi killed the Menasunkur chief of Camoktain before the Matsumae clan were forced to mediate. However, Shakushain (Camoktain's successor) defeated Onibishi, and marched into Matsumae territory before defeated in the event known as Shakushain's Revolt.
After the Battle of Shakushain, the control of Menasunkur by the Matsumae Domain further strengthened; areas east of Nemuro, which had not been controlled by the Matsumae Domain, were also affected too. In 1789, Menasunkur Ainu who lived in Kunashir Island (on the eastern end of Hokkaido) started a conflict between Ainu of Kunashir and Menasunkur which was also suppressed by the Matsumae domain. Slowly, the distinctions between the various Ainu subgroups blurred as Japanese colonization of Hokkaido continued steadily, and the descendants of the Menasunkur Ainu continue to live in the historically Menasunkur-populated regions of Hokkaido.
References
Ainu history
Ainu geography
Hokkaido
Ainu people
York Center is an unincorporated community in York Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , at the intersection of State Routes 47 and 739.
York Center was platted in 1841. A post office called York operated from 1844 until 1905. As of 1877, the community contained one store, one blacksmith shop, and one church.
References
Unincorporated communities in Union County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
BitBake is a make-like build tool with the special focus of distributions and packages for embedded Linux cross compilation, although it is not limited to that. It is inspired by Portage, which is the package management system used by the Gentoo Linux distribution. BitBake existed for some time in the OpenEmbedded project until it was separated out into a standalone, maintained, distribution-independent tool. BitBake is co-maintained by the Yocto Project and the OpenEmbedded project.
BitBake recipes specify how a particular package is built. Recipes consist of the source URL (http, https, ftp, cvs, svn, git, local file system) of the package, dependencies and compile or install options. They also store the metadata for the package in standard variables. During the build process, recipes are used to track dependencies, performing native or cross-compilation of the package and package it so that it is suitable for installation on the local or a target device. It is also possible to create complete images consisting of a root file system and kernel. As a first step in a cross-build setup, the framework will attempt to create a cross-compiler toolchain suited for the target platform.
See also
Buildroot
Yocto Project
OpenEmbedded
Openmoko
MontaVista Software
List of build automation software
References
External links
BitBake README file
BitBake User Manual
Embedded Linux
Build automation
Free software programmed in Python
The blue-crowned trogon (Trogon curucui) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae, the quetzals and trogons. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The blue-crowned trogon's early taxonomic history is contorted, but since the mid 1900s it has settled on its current state. Three subspecies are recognized, the nominate T. c. curucui, T. c. peruvianus, and T. c. behni.
Description
The blue-crowned trogon is about long and weighs . The male of the nominate subspecies has a blackish face and throat with an orange ring around the eye. The crown, sides of the neck, and breast are glossy greenish blue, the nape turquoise-green, and the back metallic bronzy green. The upperside of the tail is greenish blue and the underside has black and white bars. The folded wing has fine vermiculation that looks gray at a distance. The breast is separated from the rosy red belly and vent by a white band. The female is gray where the male is green and the belly is pinkish red. Instead of the orange ring around the eye there are white arcs before and after it. The underside of the tail has a different black and white pattern. The male of T. c. peruvianus has a bluish gloss to the bronzy green back, a much reduced white breast band, and narrower white bars on the undertail. The male T. c. behnis back is more intensely bronze than the nominate's, and the breast is greener.
Distribution and habitat
The blue-crowned trogon is found throughout the Amazon Basin south of the Amazon River and south and east from there as well. The nominate subspecies is found from Amazonian central Brazil east to the Atlantic Ocean. T. c. peruvianus is found in the Andean foothills of southern Colombia, eastern Ecuador and Peru, and northwestern Bolivia and from there east into Amazonian Brazil as far as the Tapajós River. T. c. behni is found in eastern and southern Bolivia, southwestern Brazil, much of Paraguay, and northern Argentina.
The blue-crowned trogon inhabits a variety of landscapes across its large range. Forest types include várzea, gallery, tall secondary, and dry semi-deciduous. It occupies all levels from the understory to the canopy. It is also found in savanna woodland, dry palm forest, caatinga, and scrublands. In the northern part of its range it seldom occurs above of elevation but reaches as high as in Argentina and in Bolivia.
Behavior
Feeding
The blue-crowned trogon's diet includes a wide variety of insects and spiders, and also fruits. It sometimes joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
The blue-crowned trogon's breeding season varies across its range. It starts as early as May in Colombia and spans from October to December in Argentina. It nests in cavities in arboreal termitaria. The clutch size is two or three eggs.
Vocalization
The male blue-crowned trogon's song is "a fast, evenly paced repetition of...'kow' [notes], lasting about 4-5 seconds and ending abruptly". Both sexes give a "churrr" call.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the blue-crowned trogon as being of The Least Concern, though its population is unknown and is believed to be decreasing. It is rare to common in different parts of its range and occurs in several protected areas in Boliva, Brazil, and Argentina.
References
External links
Photo-High Res; Article geometer—"Photos from Brazil"
Photo-Medium/~High Res christinevadai
blue-crowned trogon
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
blue-crowned trogon
blue-crowned trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tres Fronteras (, ) is the Spanish name for an area of the Amazon Rainforest in the Upper Amazon region of South America.
Geography
It includes, and is named for, the tripoint where the borders of Brazil, Peru, and Colombia meet. The upper Amazon River flows through the area.
The area is noted for its natural beauty. Cities in the Tres Fronteras area include Tabatinga (in Brazil), Leticia (in Colombia), and Santa Rosa de Yavari (in Peru) on an island in the Amazon River.
See also
Amazon basin
References
External links
Human mobility in the triple border of Peru, Colombia and Brazil, Márcia Maria de Oliveira, São Paulo May/August 2006 (abstract in English, text in Portuguese).
Border tripoints
Brazil–Colombia border
Brazil–Peru border
Colombia–Peru border
Geography of Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Geography of Loreto Region
Regions of Brazil
Regions of Colombia
Regions of Peru
Upper Amazon
Regions of South America
Marjorie 'Marge' A. Chadderdon (born December 1, 1937) was a Republican Idaho State Representative from 2004 to 2012 representing District 4 in the A seat.
Early life
On December 1, 1937, Chadderdon was born in Poplar, Montana.
Education
In 1957, Chadderdon earned an Associate degree in education College of Great Falls. Chadderdon attended Gonzaga University.
Career
In 1957, Chadderdon was a bookkeeper of Occident Grain Elevators, until 1958.
In 1966, Chadderdon became a co-owner of Carpet Center Stores, until 1996. In 1967, Chadderdon was an office manager of Prestiges Carpets, until 1972.
In 1975. Chadderdon became a co-owner, treasurer, and secretary of C & S Textile, Incorporated until 1996.
In 1978, Chadderdon became an office manager of Carpet Center Stores, until 1993.
In 1979, Chadderdon started their political career as a council member of Fernan Village, until 1983.
Elections
2010
Chadderdon was unopposed in the Republican primary. Chadderon defeated Democratic nominee Mike Bullard with 61.9% of the vote.
2008
Chadderdon was unopposed in the Republican primary. Chadderdon defeated Democratic nominee Tamara Lee Poelstra with 58% of the vote in the general election.
2006
Chadderdon was unopposed in the Republican primary election. Chadderdon defeated Democratic nominee Bonnie Douglas with 53.51% of the vote in the general election.
2004
Chadderdon defeated Jim Hollingsworth with 55.87% of the votes in the Republican primary Chadderdon defeated Democratic nominee Mike Gridley with 53.7% of the vote in the general election.
References
External links
Marge Chadderdon at the Idaho Legislature
1937 births
Living people
Gonzaga University alumni
Idaho Republicans
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Coeur d'Alene, Idaho
People from Poplar, Montana
Women state legislators in Idaho
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women
Congregation Beth Israel () is a Jewish congregation located at 411 South Eighth Street in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1907 to provide services for the High Holidays, it was then, and remains today, the only synagogue in the Lebanon area.
The congregation's current building, designed by Percival Goodman to mirror the barns of the surrounding Pennsylvania Dutch community, was dedicated in 1953.
Rabbi is Samuel Yolen. Beth Israel is governed by an elected board of directors. On the council of Presidents as leaders of the Congregation are: Bernard Buzgon, Joseph Clark, Judith Clark, Edward Greenbaum, Stacy Knarr, and Stuart Perlmutter.
Early history
Congregation Beth Israel was formed in 1907 by Jews in Lebanon, Pennsylvania who wanted a place to worship on the High Holidays. Services were, for a number of years, held in various homes.
In 1915, when the membership reached 25, the congregation purchased a house on the southeast corner of Cumberland and Old Cumberland Streets. Beth Israel moved to the third floor of the Samler Building at Eight and Cumberland Streets in 1918, where they remained for over a decade. At the time of the move, the "rabbi-cantor" was Alter B. Freedman, the synagogue had 35 member families, and its annual income was $1,500 (today $). The religious school held classes five days a week, and had 25 pupils. By 1929 membership had reached 90, and Beth Israel purchased the empty Emanuel Evangelical Church at 624 Chestnut Street.
The congregation moved to its current location, at 4111 South Eighth Street, in 1953. The building, designed by synagogue architect Percival Goodman, was intended to mirror the surrounding community; as Lebanon was a region heavily populated by Pennsylvania Dutch farmers, they designed the synagogue as "a barn-style white building with Hebrew lettering on the facade."
1970 to 2006
Steven M. Glazer joined the synagogue as rabbi in 1970, upon their graduation from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. They served until 1977, when they moved to Temple Beth-El of Birmingham, Alabama. At the time Beth Israel had 120 member families.
Louis Zivic joined as the congregation's rabbi and principal of the religious school in 1983. Psychologist Julie Allender, their former wife (they divorced in 1998), described the constraints involved in being a rabbi's wife in a Summer 1983 article in the Women's League of Conservative Judaism's Outlook magazine, and was cited in subsequent studies of rabbi's wives by Shuly Rubin Schwartz.
Zivic was a signator of an official protest letter in 2001 to President George W. Bush regarding Faith-Based Initiatives. In December of that year Dr Allender also argued that the annual Holiday Concert at the local Cedar Crest high school was "too Christian in emphasis"; in response, "school officials decided to no longer ask visitors to stand while the chorus sings the 'Hallelujah Chorus' from 'Handel's 'Messiah'." The Catholic League included the incident in its 2001 Report on Anti-Catholicism.
In 2001, Beth Israel was also the recipient of the Solomon Schechter Gold Award for libraries.
Zivic served until 2004. They were followed as rabbi by Jonathan Panitz, who served during 2005 and 2006. Panitz had previously retired as chaplain for the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
Recent events
Panitz was succeeded by Paula Reimers. Reimers had converted from Christianity to Conservative Judaism in 1981, became one of the Jewish Theological Seminary's earliest female graduates in 1990, and subsequently served as rabbi for 13 years at congregations in Los Angeles, Connecticut and Arizona before coming to Beth Israel. In Los Angeles they were the rabbi of Burbank Temple Emanu-El in Burbank, California for seven years, but in 2001, shortly after the September 11 attacks, they became embroiled in controversy there. They had invited several Muslims to join temple members in the temple's sukkah, and in order not to offend the guests, had Israeli flags removed from among the sukkah decorations, which in turn offended some of their congregants. Though neither they nor the synagogue's board attributed it to this incident, it, along with their "extremely dovish politics", contributed to their contract not being renewed.
While serving as rabbi of Beth Israel, Reimers also served as the Jewish chaplain at Lebanon Valley College, and ran an interfaith dialogue program at the synagogue. In 2007 they protested the Commonwealth Prayer Breakfast held in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, which, in their opinion, "clearly showed state endorsement of one particular religion (Christianity) and one particular sect within that religion (evangelical Protestantism), and even one particular Christian evangelical organization, Capitol Ministries."
Until 2008, Congregation Beth Israel was affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism; that year it chose to resign from the organization. , it was the only synagogue in the Lebanon area. The rabbi was Paula Reimers and the president was Judith Clark.
See also
Jewish history in Pennsylvania
Notes
References
Synagogue website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
About Us, Synagogue website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
A Bit of History, Synagogue website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
Beth Israel Today, Synagogue website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
A Bit About Me, From the Study of the Rabbi, Synagogue website. February 28, 2010.
Rabbi Steve's Corner: Bio, About Us, Beth Emeth of Herndon, Virginia website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
Rabbi Louis Zivic, Heska Amuna of Knoxville, Tennessee website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
"The 2007 Commonwealth Prayer Breakfast", Capitol Ministries: Making disciples for Jesus Christ in state legislatures, JewsOnFirst website. Archived at the Internet Archive. Accessed February 28, 2010.
, Congressman Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, House of Representatives website, May 16, 2001. Accessed October 26, 2008.
Meet the Staff, Spiritual Life, Lebanon Valley College website. Accessed August 18, 2009.
Affiliated Congregations, United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism website. Archived at the Internet Archive. Accessed February 28, 2010.
The Solomon Schechter Awards Program, United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism website. Accessed August 18, 2009.
, United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism website. Accessed February 28, 2010.
External links
Synagogue website
Rabbis: Readers Letters, September 1985 letter to the editor of Commentary (magazine) by Louis Zivic (then-rabbi of Beth Israel), regarding the role of a rabbi.
Lebanon, Pennsylvania
Religious buildings and structures in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
Unaffiliated synagogues in Pennsylvania
1907 establishments in Pennsylvania
Jewish organizations established in 1907
1953 establishments in Pennsylvania
Synagogues completed in 1953
Percival Goodman synagogues
Batrachorhina obliquevittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Yenice, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Koh-Lanta: Raja Ampat is the 11th season of Koh-lanta, the French version of Survivor. This season takes place in Indonesia on the archipelago of Raja Ampat Islands, and began broadcasting on TF1 on 9 September 2011, every Friday at 8:45pm (7:45 p.m. UTC) before Secret Story 2011.
Two new rules were introduced in this season. One is taken directly from the American Survivor format: the hidden immunity idol (represented as a necklace). There is also a new rule called the black vote, which allows an eliminated contestant to take revenge by voting once more against one of the remaining contestants. The finale was broadcast 16 December 2011 when, after 41 days, Gérard Urdampilleta won in a 7-2 jury vote against Teheiura Teahui to be given the title of Sole Survivor.
Finishing order
Future appearances
Patricia Morel and Teheiura Teahui returned for Koh-Lanta: La Revanche des Héros. Teahui later returned again for Koh-Lanta: La Nouvelle Édition alongside Florence Delbarre Reuter, Martin Bazin and Laurent Maistret which Maistret won against Bazin. Olivier Moenaert returned for Koh-Lanta: Le Combat des Héros. Teahui later returned for a fourth time for Koh-Lanta: L'Île des héros. Maistret and Teahui returned again for Koh-Lanta: La Légende.
Challenges
Elimination table
References
External links
2011 French television seasons
11
Television shows filmed in Indonesia
John Heald (born 22 January 1965) is the Brand Ambassador and senior cruise director of Carnival Cruise Lines and a blogger for the cruise line. They first became a Carnival cruise director in 1990. In 2004, they were named the senior cruise director of Carnival.
Heald blogs about the daily occurrences in their career as a cruise director.
Blog
Heald introduced their blog during the first sailing of the Carnival Freedom in March 2007. They were asked by Carnival's management to write a blog. The blog was initially planned to be several months long, but Heald's "engaging personality" and "candid commentary" were so well received by their readers that they continued blogging. Heald plans to blog "as long as it stays fresh and people keep tuning in".
Every day, Heald answers about 60 questions about cruising. The blog has received more than 17 million hits by October 2013—up from 4.5 million in February 2008—and many of Heald's daily posts receive from 50 to 60 comments. Heald's blogs are about their passengers and the events that occur to them while they are cruise director. Their blog has a disclaimer, saying that the "views and opinions represent my own". They have been nicknamed "Bill Bryson at sea".
Gene Sloan of USA Today wrote that Heald is "famously irreverent" and "known for their candid, funny and sometimes outrageously inappropriate daily missives about life at sea".
Cruise career
Heald was a commodity banker for Lloyd's of London in England. In 1989, they began working for Carnival Cruises as a wine flight attendant and a bar waiter.  They are the first Carnival Cruise director who did not begin working in the entertainment aspect of cruising.
Cruise ship director
John Heald became a cruise director at Carnival in 1990. By 2004, they were promoted to the position of senior cruise director. As the senior director at Carnival, John Heald is appointed the director of most new Carnival ships during their first sailings. Before each new voyage, they create videos, telling their passengers about the cheapest excursions.
Heald has a contract with Carnival, in which they work for six consecutive months followed by two months off. They oversee the entertainment aspect of the ship, including the dancers and the orchestra.
John Heald was the cruise director of the Carnival Splendor, when the ship's engine room caught fire, stranding the passengers at sea off the coast of Mexico for more than three days. On their blog, they discussed the incident, which the Los Angeles Timess Mary Forgione called a "lurid personal account of being stranded at sea".
In September 2007, Carnival gave Heald the "Sea Going Employee of the Year" award.
Bloggers cruise
In January 2008, Heald led their first "bloggers cruise", called John Heald Bloggers Cruise, which was a week-long cruise attended by 700 of their "hard-core fans". They entertained the attendees with a "welcome aboard reception", a tea session with him, and several meetings where they answered questions. During one of these cruises, they and 100 of their passengers on Carnival Fantasy helped paint a school that was struck by Hurricane Katrina. On "Bloggers Cruise Community Service Day", Heald and their companions helped plant trees and clean up waste in New Orleans.
"Big Ed" is the moniker of Ed Konefe, who was the first poster on Heald's blog and who is "arguably the most notorious participant". During the bloggers cruise, Konefe said, "We started as bloggers, went from there to being friends, and now we're family."
Personal life
John Heald was born in Essex, England on 22 January 1965. In 1995, John Heald met their wife, Heidi, then a flower market auctioneer, when they were eating at a restaurant in Amsterdam. They sent them and their comrades wine, and Heidi and their friends paid the bill for Heald's and their friends' meal. Heald characterized it as "love at first sight". In May 2009, John and Heidi had a daughter, Kye. Kye's name means "beautiful ocean". In June 2015 at the Fincantieri shipyard in Italy, Kye officiated over a ceremony where coins were fused to Carnival Vista to commemorate the finishing of the new ship's exterior. Carnival anointed them the ship's "godchild". USA Today said six-year-old Kye is "believed to be the youngest person honored at such a ceremony".
References
External links
John Heald's Blog
Living people
1965 births
Carnival Cruise Lines
English bankers
English bloggers
People from Sussex
English male writers
British male bloggers
In ancient Egyptian religion, Apis or Hapis (, reconstructed as Old Egyptian with unknown final vowel > Medio-Late Egyptian , ḥapə), alternatively spelled Hapi-ankh, was a sacred bull worshiped in the Memphis region, identified as the son of Hathor, a primary deity in the pantheon of ancient Egypt. Initially, they were assigned a significant role in their worship, being sacrificed and reborn. Later, Apis also served as an intermediary between humans and other powerful deities (originally Ptah, later Osiris, then Atum).
The Apis bull was an important sacred animal to the ancient Egyptians. As with the other sacred beasts, Apis' importance increased over the centuries. During colonization of the conquered Egypt, Greek and Roman authors had much to say about Apis, the markings by which the black calf was recognized, the manner of their conception by a ray from heaven, their house at Memphis (with a court for their deportment), the mode of prognostication from their actions, their death, the mourning at their death, their costly burial, and the rejoicings throughout the country when a new Apis was found. Auguste Mariette's excavation of the Serapeum of Saqqara revealed the tombs of more than sixty animals, ranging from the time of Amenhotep III to the end of the Ptolemaic dynasty. Originally, each animal was buried in a separate tomb with a chapel built above it. From Ramesses II onward, bulls were interred in interconnected underground galleries.
History of worship
Worship of an Apis bull, experienced by ancient Egyptians as holy, has been known since the First Dynasty in Memphis, while worship of the Apis as a proper god, at least according to Manetho's Aegyptiaca, seems to be a later adoption, purportedly started during the reign of king Kaiechos (possibly Nebra) of the Second Dynasty.
Apis is named on very early monuments, but little is known of the divine animal before the New Kingdom. Ceremonial burials of bulls indicate that ritual sacrifice was part of the worship of the early cow deities, Hathor and Bat, and a bull might represent their offspring, a king who became a deity after death. They were entitled "the renewal of the life" of the Memphite deity Ptah: but after death, they became Osorapis, i.e. the Osiris Apis, just as dead humans were assimilated to Osiris, the ruler of the underworld. This Osorapis was identified with Serapis of the late Hellenistic period and may well be identical with him. Creating parallels to their own religious beliefs, ancient Greek writers identified Apis as an incarnation of Osiris, ignoring the connection with Ptah.
Apis was the most popular of three great bull cults of ancient Egypt, the others being the cults of Mnevis and Buchis. All are related to the worship of Hathor or Bat, similar primary goddesses separated by region until unification that eventually merged as Hathor. The worship of Apis was continued by the Greeks and after them by the Romans, and lasted until almost 400 CE.
Herald of Ptah
This animal was chosen because it symbolized the courageous heart, great strength, and fighting spirit of the king. Apis came to being considered a manifestation of the king, as bulls were symbols of strength and fertility, qualities that are closely linked with kingship. "Strong bull of their mother Hathor" was a common title for Egyptian gods and male kings, being unused for women serving as king, such as Hatshepsut.
As early as the time of the Narmer Palette, the king is depicted with a bovine tail on one side, and a bull is seen knocking down the walls of a city on the other.
Occasionally, Apis was pictured with the sun-disk symbol of their mother, Hathor, between their horns, being one of few deities ever associated with their symbol. When the disk was depicted on their head with their horns below and the triangular marking on their forehead, an ankh was suggested. That symbol always was closely associated with Hathor.
Early on, Apis was the herald (wḥm) of Ptah, the chief deity in the area around Memphis. As a manifestation of Ptah, Apis also was considered to be a symbol of the king, embodying the qualities of kingship. In the region where Ptah was worshiped, cattle exhibited white patterning on their mainly black bodies, and so a belief grew up that the Apis calf had to have a certain set of markings suitable to its role. It was required to have a white triangular marking upon its forehead, a white Egyptian vulture wing outline on its back, a scarab mark under its tongue, a white crescent moon shape on its right flank, and double hairs on their tail.
The calf that matched these markings was selected from the herds, brought to a temple, given a harem of cows, and worshiped as an aspect of Ptah. The cow who was their mother was believed to have conceived them by a flash of lightning from the heavens, or from moonbeams. They also are treated specially, and given a special burial. At the temple, Apis was used as an oracle, their movements being interpreted as prophecies. Their breath was believed to cure disease and their presence to bless those around with strength. A window was created in the temple through which they could be viewed and, on certain holidays, they were led through the streets of the city, bedecked with jewelry and flowers.
Burial
Details of the mummification ritual of the sacred bull are written within the Apis papyrus. Sometimes the body of the bull was mummified and fixed in a standing position on a foundation made of wooden planks.
By the New Kingdom period, the remains of the sacred bulls were interred at the cemetery of Saqqara. The earliest known burial in Saqqara was performed in the reign of Amenhotep III by their son Thutmose; afterward, seven more bulls were buried nearby. Ramesses II initiated Apis burials in what now is known as the Serapeum, an underground complex of burial chambers at Saqqara for the sacred bulls, a site used throughout the rest of Ancient Egyptian history into the reign of Cleopatra.
Khaemweset, the priestly son of Ramesses II (c. 1300 BCE), excavated a great gallery to be lined with the tomb chambers; another similar gallery was added by Psamtik I. The careful documentation of the ages of the animals in the later instances, with the regnal dates for their birth, enthronement, and death have thrown much light on the chronology from the Twenty-second Dynasty onward. The name of the mother cow and the place of the calf's birth are often recorded. The sarcophagi are of immense size and the burial must have entailed enormous expense. It is remarkable, therefore, that the ancient religious leaders contrived to bury one of the animals in the fourth year of Cambyses II.
The Apis was a protector of the deceased and linked to the pharaoh. Horns embellish some of the tombs of ancient pharaohs and Apis often was depicted on private coffins as a powerful protector. As a form of Osiris, ruler of the underworld, it was believed that to be under the protection of Apis would give the person control over the four winds in the afterlife.
From animal to human
According to Arrian, Apis was one of the Egyptian deities Alexander the Great propitiated by offering a sacrifice during their seizure of Ancient Egypt from the Persians. After Alexander's death, their general Ptolemy I Soter made efforts to integrate Egyptian religion with that of the new Hellenic rulers. Ptolemy's policy was to find a deity that might win the reverence of both groups, despite the curses of the Egyptian religious leaders against the deities of the previous foreign rulers (i.e. Set, lauded by the Hyksos). Without success, Alexander had attempted to use Amun for this purpose, but that deity was more prominent in Upper Egypt and not for those in Lower Egypt, where the Greeks had stronger influence. Since the Greeks had little respect for animal-headed deities, a Greek statue was created as an idol and proclaimed as an anthropomorphic equivalent of the highly popular Apis. It was named Aser-hapi (i.e. Osiris-Apis), which became Serapis, and later was said to represent Osiris fully, rather than just their Ka.
The earliest mention of a Serapis is in the authentic death scene of Alexander, from the royal diaries. Here, Serapis has a temple at Babylon, and is of such importance that they alone are named as being consulted on behalf of the dying Alexander. The presence of this temple in Babylon radically altered perceptions of the mythologies of this era, although it has been discovered that the unconnected Babylonian deity Ea was entitled Serapsi, meaning king of the deep, and it is Serapsi who is referred to in the diaries, not Serapis. The significance of this Serapsi in the Hellenic psyche, however, due to its involvement in Alexander's death, also may have contributed to the choice of Osiris-Apis as the chief Ptolemaic deity during their occupation of Ancient Egypt.
According to Plutarch, Ptolemy stole the statue from Sinope, having been instructed in a dream by the Unknown God to bring the statue to Alexandria, where the statue was pronounced to be "Serapis" by two religious experts. Among those experts was one of the Eumolpidae, the ancient family from which the hierophant of the Eleusinian Mysteries traditionally had been chosen since before any historical records. The other expert supposedly was the scholarly Egyptian priest Manetho, which increased acceptability from both the Egyptians and the Greeks.
Plutarch may not be correct, however, as some Egyptologists assert that the Sinope in Plutarch's report is the hill of Sinopeion, a name given to the site of an existing Serapeum at Memphis. Also, according to Tacitus, Serapis (i.e. Apis explicitly identified as Osiris in full) had been the tutelary deity of the village of Rhacotis, before it suddenly expanded into the great capital of "Alexandria".
Being introduced by the Greeks, understandably, the statue depicted a fully human figure resembling Hades or Pluto, both being kings of the Greek underworld. The figure was enthroned with the modius, which is a basket or a grain-measure, on their head, a Greek symbol for the land of the dead. They also held a sceptre, indicating rulership, and Cerberus, gatekeeper of the underworld, rested at their feet. It also had what appeared to be a serpent at its base, fitting the Egyptian symbol of sovereignty, the uraeus.
With their (i.e., Osiris') wife, Isis, and their son (at this point in history) Horus (in the form of Harpocrates), Serapis won an important place in the Greek world, reaching Ancient Rome, with Anubis being identified as Cerberus.
The cult survived until 385, when Christians destroyed the Serapeum of Alexandria, and subsequently, the cult was forbidden by the Edict of Thessalonica.
Modern use
The pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk uses Apis as its logo.
In modern day Egypt, an entire district of the city of Alexandria is named after the Apis bull.
See also
Ankh
Auðumbla
Golden calf
Hathor
Nandi (bull)
References
Further reading
J.-F. Brunet, The XXIInd and XXVth Dynasties Apis Burial Conundrum, in: Journal of the Ancient Chronology Forum 10 (2005), 26-34.
M. Ibrahim, en D. Rohl, Apis and the Serapeum, in: Journal of the Ancient Chronology Forum 2 (JACF 1988) 6-26.
Mark Smith, Following Osiris: Perspectives on the Osirian Afterlife from Four Millennia. Oxford University Press, 2017.
Ad Thijs, The Ramesside Section of the Serapeum, SAK 47, 2018.
Dorothy J. Thompson, Memphis Under the Ptolemies, Second Edition. Princeton, 2012.
Jacques Vandier, Memphis et le taureau Apis dans le papyrus Jumilhac (in French), in: Jean Sainte Faire Garnot (ed), Mélanges Mariette. Cairo, 1961.
Jean Vercoutter, The Napatan Kings and Apis Worship, in: KUSH 8 (1960), 62-76.
R. L. Vos, The Apis Embalming Ritual: P. Vindob. 3873. Leuven, 1992.
External links
The Virtual Egyptian Museum: Apis
Egyptian gods
Greek gods
Health gods
Animal gods
Mythological bovines
Serapis
Horned deities
Mythological bulls
Stellar gods
Egyptian underworld
Sacred bulls
Ross Bank () is a submarine bank located in the Ross Sea in the area of Ross Island. Name approved 6/88 (ACUF 228).
References
Undersea banks of the Southern Ocean
Mick Harte Was Here is a novella written by Barbara Park, which focuses on how Phoebe, a thirteen-year-old girl, copes with the death of their brother, Mick Harte, who was killed in a bicycle accident due to head injuries they received while not wearing their helmet. In 1998, the book was awarded the annual William Allen White Children's Book Award.
Plot summary
Thirteen-year-old Phoebe Harte's younger brother, Mick, dies in a bicycle accident, because they choose not to wear a helmet. This brings an incredible amount of grief and sorrow to the Harte family. The book, narrated by Phoebe herself, shows the effect Mick's death has on their friends and schoolmates, and delves deeply into the grieving process experienced by Phoebe and their parents. The book delivers some of Phoebe's fondest memories of Mick—many of them relating the pranks that Mick enjoyed playing on their friends and family—in the form of anecdotes about when the two of them were younger.
According to Publishers Weekly, Park demonstrates a tremendous ability "to convey so affectingly both the individual and collective pain of this family's members." Park does this, not through melodrama, but rather through what Publishers Weekly calls a focus "on small moments", such as when Phoebe's father arrives home from the hospital and quietly closes the door to Mick's room.
Reception
Park's novella was well-reviewed. Publishers Weekly called it "a full-fledged and fully convincing drama", lauding "Park's ability to make the events excruciatingly real while entirely avoiding the mawkish." In 1998, the book won the William Allen White Children's Book Award, an honor bestowed upon it by a vote of Kansas schoolchildren.
Bicycle safety theme
In addition to the asupervisorstioned focus of the novella on the grieving process, another theme woven into the fabric of the novella is that of bicycle safety. The book strongly suggests that had Mick been wearing a bicycle helmet, they would not have died from their injuries. In one scene, as Phoebe is experiencing a sense of guilt over Mick's death, their father sighs heavily, and says quietly, "If only I had made them wear their helmet." The theme is brought around again towards the end of the book, when Phoebe moves past their own pain and anger in what Publishers Weekly calls "a powerful scene in which Phoebe overcomes their own pain and anger to participate in a school assembly on bicycle safety." However, Publishers Weekly also notes that the theme of bicycle safety "never dominates the story", and that Park never allows the book to descend into a maudlin "cautionary tale."
Footnotes
References
See also
1995 American novels
1995 children's books
American children's novels
Ernesto Pastor Lavergne (April 4, 1892 - June 11, 1921) was the first of only two Puerto Rican-born bullfighters (toreros) to gain international fame, the other being Juan Ramón Fernandez.
Early life and career
Some date Pastor's birth year as 1900, but it is generally accepted that they were born in 1892. They were born in San Juan, Puerto Rico to a Mexican father and French mother.
Pastor was considered by their contemporary colleagues to be talented both with the sword and the cape. On January 15, 1911, they made their public debut, at a plaza in Guadalajara, Mexico. There, they would be revered as one of the best of their era.
Pastor relocated to Spain in 1916, fighting for the first time there on May 16, 1916 in Barcelona. In Spain, they were mentored by José Gómez Ortega. In 1918, Pastor engaged in 38 bullfighting spectacles, and in 1919, they debuted in Madrid.
Death
It was in Madrid on June 11, 1921 that Pastor met with death. On June 11, 1921, during a bullfighting event, their leg was gored by a bull. Bleeding profusely, they managed to ask who turned off the lights? before passing away. The hemorrhage in their leg had caused them to go blind before dying.
See also
Juan Ramón Fernandez
Toreadora Conchita Cintron
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Mexicans
References
External links
19th-century births
1921 deaths
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican bullfighters
Sport deaths in Spain
Puerto Rican emigrants to Spain
Rajamalli is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by R. S. Prabhu. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Sukumari and Kottayam Santha in the lead roles. The film had musical score by BA Chidambaranath.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sharada
Sukumari
Kottayam Santha
Subhadra
T. S. Muthaiah
Malathi
Abbas
G. K. Pillai
J. A. R. Anand
Paravoor Bharathan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Buellia quarryana is a species of crustose lichen in the family Caliciaceae. Found in southeastern Australia, it was described as a new species in 2020 by lichenologists John Elix and Patrick McCarthy. The type specimen was collected from Quarry Beach in East Gippsland (Victoria), where it was found growing on siliceous rocks along the seashore. The specific epithet refers to the type locality. It has also been found on the coast of southern New South Wales.
The expected results of standard chemical spot tests for Buellia quarryana are K+ (yellow then red), C−, and PD+ (orange). The lichen contains the secondary chemicals norstictic acid (major) and connorstictic acid (trace amounts), which are detectable using thin-layer chromatography.
See also
List of Buellia species
References
quarryana
Lichen species
Lichens of Australia
Lichens described in 2020
Taxa named by John Alan Elix
Páll Hermann Kolbeinsson (born 17 April 1964) is an Icelandic former basketball player and coach, and a former member of the Icelandic national team. They were named the Icelandic Basketball Player of the Year and Úrvalsdeild Domestic Player of the Year in 1990, the same year they won the Icelandic championship with KR. They played college basketball for University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh.
Coaching career
Páll was hired as a player-coach for KR in 1990 and guided the team to the Icelandic Basketball Cup in 1991. They later served as a player-coach for Tindastóll. In 2010, they were hired as the head coach of KR. They stepped down as head coach following KR's loss to Snæfell in the semi-finals of the Úrvalsdeild playoffs on 15 April 2010.
National team
Páll played 43 games for the Icelandic national team from 1986 to 1992.
Awards, titles and accomplishments
Individual awards
Icelandic Basketball Player of the Year: 1990
Úrvalsdeild Domestic Player of the Year: 1990
Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First Team: 1990
Titles
Icelandic champion: 1990
Icelandic Basketball Cup (2): 1984, 1991
Accomplishments
Úrvalsdeild assists leader: 1990
Personal life
Páll is the son of former Icelandic national team player Kolbeinn Pálsson. Their aunt, Vigdís Pálsdóttir, played handball for Valur.
References
External links
Úrvalsdeild statistics at Icelandic Basketball Association
1964 births
Living people
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Pall Kolbeinsson
Wisconsin–Oshkosh Titans men's basketball players
Menhit (also spelt Menchit) was originally a Nubian war goddess in ancient Egyptian religion. Them name depicts a warrior status, as it means (she who) massacres.
Due to the aggressive attributes possessed by and hunting methods used by lionesses, most things connected to warfare in Egypt were depicted as leonine, and Menhit was no exception, being depicted as a lioness-goddess.
They also are believed to advance ahead of the Egyptian armies and cut down their enemies with fiery arrows, similar to other war deities They were less known to the people as a crown goddess and was one of the goddesses who represented the protective uraeus on royal crowns.
In the 3rd Nome of Upper Egypt, particularly at Esna, Menhit was said to be the wife of Khnum and the mother of Heka. They were also known to be the mother of Shu.
They were also worshipped in Lower Egypt, where they were linked with the goddesses Wadjet and Neith.
They became identified with another lioness goddess, Sekhmet.
References
Literature
Rolf Felde: Ägyptische Gottheiten. Wiesbaden 1995
Hans Bonnet: Lexikon der ägyptischen Religionsgeschichte, Hamburg 2000;
Egyptian goddesses
Nubian goddesses
War goddesses
Animal goddesses
Mythological lions
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#M
The 4 × 100 metre mixed freestyle relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 09:53.
Final
The final was held at 19:49.
References
4 × 100 metre mixed freestyle relay
Matheus Henrique do Carmo Lopes (born March 8, 1985 in Sete Lagoas, in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Tombense.
External links
gremio.net
CBF
furacao
References
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
América Futebol Clube (MG) players
Ipatinga Futebol Clube players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
Chengdu Tiancheng F.C. players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Borneo F.C. players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Paraná Clube players
Primeira Liga players
China League One player
Ukrainian Premier League players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Conversation is interactive communication between two or more people. The development of conversational skills and etiquette is an important part of socialization. The development of conversational skills in a new language is a frequent focus of language teaching and learning. Conversation analysis is a branch of sociology which studies the structure and organization of human interaction, with a more specific focus on conversational interaction.
Definition and characterization
No generally accepted definition of conversation exists, beyond the fact that a conversation involves at least two people talking together. Consequently, the term is often defined by what it is not. A ritualized exchange such as a mutual greeting is not a conversation, and an interaction that includes a marked status differential (such as a boss giving orders) is also not a conversation. An interaction with a tightly focused topic or purpose is also generally not considered a conversation. Summarizing these properties, one authority writes that "Conversation is the kind of speech that happens informally, symmetrically, and for the purposes of establishing and maintaining social ties."
From a less technical perspective, a writer on etiquette in the early 20th century defined conversation as the polite give and take of subjects thought of by people talking with each other for company.
Conversations follow rules of etiquette because conversations are social interactions, and therefore depend on social convention. Specific rules for conversation arise from the cooperative principle. Failure to adhere to these rules causes the conversation to deteriorate or eventually to end. Contributions to a conversation are responses to what has previously been said.
Conversations may be the optimal form of communication, depending on the participants' intended ends. Conversations may be ideal when, for example, each party desires a relatively equal exchange of information, or when the parties desire to build social ties. On the other hand, if permanency or the ability to review such information is important, written communication may be ideal. Or if time-efficient communication is most important, a speech may be preferable.
Conversation involves a lot more nuanced and implied context that lies beneath just the words.
Conversation is generally face-to-face person-to-person at the same time (synchronous) – possibly online with video applications such as Skype, but might also include audio-only phone calls. It would not generally include internet written communication which tends to be asynchronous (not same time – can read and respond later if at all) and does not fit the 'con'='with' in 'conversation'. In face to face conversation it has been suggested that 85% of the communication is non-verbal/body language – a smile, a frown, a shrug, tone of voice conveying much added meaning to the mere words. Short forms of written communication such as sms are thus frequently misunderstood.
Classification
Banter
Banter is short witty sentences that bounce back and forth between individuals. Often banter uses clever put-downs and witty insults similar to flyting, misunderstandings (often intentional), zippy wisecracks, zingers, flirtation, and puns. The idea is that each line of banter should "top" the one before it and be, in short, a verbal war of wit.
Films that have used banter as a way of structure in conversations are:
Bringing Up Baby (1938)
Their Girl Friday (1940)
The Big Sleep (1946)
Much Ado About Nothing (1993)
Important factors in delivering a banter is the subtext, situation and the rapport with the person. Every line in a banter should be able to evoke both an emotional response and ownership without hurting one's feelings. Following a structure that the involved parties understand is important, even if the subject and structure is absurd, a certain level of progression should be kept in a manner that it connects with the involved parties.
Different methods of story telling could be used in delivering banter, like making an unexpected turn in the flow of structure (interrupting a comfortable structure), taking the conversation towards an expected crude form with evoking questions, doubts, self-conscientiousness (creating intentional misunderstandings), or layering the existing pattern with multiple anchors. It is important to quit the bantering with the sensibility of playground rules, both parties shouldn't obsess on topping each other, continuously after a certain point of interest. It is as Shakespeare said "Brevity is the soul of wit."
Discussion
One element of conversation is discussion: sharing opinions on subjects that are thought of during the conversation. In polite society the subject changes before discussion becomes dispute or controversial. For example, if theology is being discussed, maybe no one is insisting a particular view be accepted.
Subject
Many conversations can be divided into four categories according to their major subject content:
Subjective ideas, which often serve to extend understanding and awareness.
Objective facts, which may serve to consolidate a widely held view.
Other people (usually absent), which may be either critical, competitive, or supportive. This includes gossip.
Oneself, which sometimes indicate attention-seeking behavior or can provide relevant information about oneself to participants in the conversation.
Practically, few conversations fall exclusively into one category. Nevertheless, the proportional distribution of any given conversation between the categories can offer useful psychological insights into the mind set of the participants. This is the reason that the majority of conversations are difficult to categorize.
Functions
Most conversations may be classified by their goal. Conversational ends may shift over the life of the conversation.
Functional conversation is designed to convey information in order to help achieve an individual or group goal.
Small talk is a type of conversation where the topic is less important than the social purpose of achieving bonding between people or managing personal distance, such as 'how is the weather' might be portrayed as an example, which conveys no practicality whatsoever.
Aspects
Differences between men and women
A study completed in July 2007 by Matthias Mehl of the University of Arizona shows that contrary to popular belief, there is little difference in the number of words used by men and women in conversation. The study showed that on average each of the sexes uses about 16,000 words per day.
Between strangers
There are certain situations, typically encountered while traveling, which result in strangers sharing what would ordinarily be an intimate social space such as sitting together on a bus or airplane. In such situations strangers are likely to share intimate personal information they would not ordinarily share with strangers. A special case emerges when one of the travelers is a mental health professional and the other party shares details of their personal life in the apparent hope of receiving help or advice.
Narcissism
Conversational narcissism is a term used by sociologist Charles Derber in their book, The Pursuit of Attention: Power and Ego in Everyday Life.
Derber observed that the social support system in America is relatively weak, and this leads people to compete mightily for attention. In social situations, they tend to steer the conversation away from others and toward themselves. "Conversational narcissism is the key manifestation of the dominant attention-getting psychology in America," they wrote. "It occurs in informal conversations among friends, family and coworkers. The profusion of popular literature about listening and the etiquette of managing those who talk constantly about themselves suggests its pervasiveness in everyday life."
What Derber describes as "conversational narcissism" often occurs subtly rather than overtly because it is prudent to avoid being judged an egotist.
Derber distinguishes the "shift-response" from the "support-response". A shift response takes the focus of attention away from the last speaker and refocuses on the new speaker, as in: "John: I'm feeling really starved. Mary: Oh, I just ate." Whereas a support response maintains the focus on the last speaker, as in: "John: I'm feeling really starved. Mary: When was the last time you ate?"
Artificial intelligence
The ability to generate conversation that cannot be distinguished from a human participant has been one test of a successful artificial intelligence (the Turing test). A human judge engages in a natural-language conversation with one human and one machine, during which the machine tries to appear human (and the human does not try to appear other than human). If the judge cannot tell the machine from the human, the machine is said to have passed the test. One limitation of this test is that the conversation is by text as opposed to speech, not allowing tone to be shown.
One's self
Also called intrapersonal communication, the act of conversing with oneself can help solve problems or serve therapeutic purposes like avoiding silence.
Literature
Authors who have written extensively on conversation and attempted to analyze its nature include:
Milton Wright wrote The Art of Conversation, a comprehensive treatment of the subject, in 1936. The book deals with conversation both for its own sake, and for political, sales, or religious ends. Milton portrays conversation as an art or creation that people can play with and give life to.
Kerry Patterson, Joseph Grenny, Al Switzler, and Ron McMillan have written two New York Times bestselling books on conversation. The first one, Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes are High, McGraw-Hill, 2002, teaches skills for handling disagreement and high-stakes issues at work and at home. The second book, Crucial Accountability: Tools for Resolving Violated Expectations, Broken Commitments, and Bad Behavior, McGraw-Hill, 2013, teaches important skills for dealing with accountability issues.
Difficult Conversations: How to Discuss What Matters Most (Viking Penguin, 1999), a book by Bruce Patton, Douglas Patterson and Sheila Heen was one of the work products from the Harvard Negotiation Project. This book built on, and extended the approach developed by Roger Fisher and William Ury in Getting To Yes: Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In (Houghton Mifflin, 1981). The book introduced useful concepts such as the Three Conversations (The 'What Happened' Conversation, The Feelings Conversation, and The Identity Conversation), Creating a Learning Conversation, and Collaborative Problem-Solving.
Charles Blattberg has written two books defending an approach to politics that emphasizes conversation, in contrast to negotiation, as the preferred means of resolving conflict. Their From Pluralist to Patriotic Politics: Putting Practice First, Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 2000, , is a work of political philosophy; and theirs Shall We Dance? A Patriotic Politics for Canada, Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 2003, , applies that philosophy to the Canadian case.
Paul Drew & John Heritage – Talk at Work, a study of how conversation changes in social and workplace situations.
Neil Postman – Amusing Ourselves to Death (Conversation is not the book's specific focus, but discourse in general gets good treatment here)
Deborah Tannen
The Argument Culture: Stopping America's War of Words
Conversational Style: Analyzing Talk Among Friends,
Gender and Discourse
I Only Say This Because I Love You
Talking from 9 to 5: Women and Men at Work
That's Not What I Meant!
You Just Don't Understand: Women and Men in Conversation
Daniel Menaker – A Good Talk: The Story and Skill of Conversation (published 2010)
In fiction
Conversation in the Cathedral (1969) is one of the main novels by the Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa.
In "Six Benefits of Better Conversation"
The benefits are:
Being better understood
Better understanding
Better self-confidence
Workplace value
Better self-care
Better relationships
See also
A Complete Collection of Genteel and Ingenious Conversation (book)
Aizuchi
Awkward silence
Bohm Dialogue
Compulsive talking
Conversation theory
Conversational narcissism
Conversational scoreboard
"Conversation" Sharp MPdoyen of the Georgian period conversationalists
Conversazionea social gathering for conversation and discussion, especially about the arts, literature and science.
Debate
Dialogue
Discourse
King of Clubsfamous Whig conversation club
Online chat
Speech (public address)
References
Works cited
External links
Empathic listening skills How to listen so others will feel heard, or listening first aid (University of California). Download a one-hour seminar on empathic listening and attending skills.
"The art of conversation", Economist, 19 December 2006
Oral communication
Çimenceğiz is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The timeless universe is the philosophical and ontological view that time and associated ideas are human illusions caused by our ordering of observable phenomena. Unlike most variants of presentism and eternalism, the timeless universe entirely rejects the notion of the reality of any time, arguing that it is exclusively a human illusion, and since the universe can know no time, no dimension of time can be permitted in any theoretical explanation of parts of the observable universe. All purported measurements of time must hence according to this view be correlation measurements between movements, as stated by physicist Ernst Mach in 1883:It is utterly beyond our power to measure the changes of things by time. Quite the contrary, time is an abstraction at which we arrive by means of the changes of things; made because we are not restricted to any one definite measure, all being interconnected.In a timeless universe the cosmos in its broadest definition is eternal, without beginning or end, and all physical processes operate within a timeless framework. Since fundamental problems related to time, such as the Arrow of time and time travel, are still among the great unsolved problems of physics, discussions of timeless universes revolve around proposed solutions to these fundamental problems and paradoxa, and the related fundamental problems of philosophy and science.
History
The first person in recorded history to contemplate a timeless universe was the Ancient Greek philosopher Antiphon, who in the 5th century B.C. held that time was a human-made measure, rather than a real thing or substance. The same opinion was held by another Ancient Greek philosopher in the 2nd century B.C., Kritolaos.
In the 2400 years since Antiphon, many different theories of possible timeless universes have been advanced, seeking to explain in whole or in part phenomena otherwise associated with or requiring the existence of time. Thinkers who have examined possible mechanisms responsible for such phenomena in a timeless universe include physicists such as Ernst Mach, Albert Einstein, Kurt Gödel and Carlo Rovelli, and timeless universes have been contemplated in works dedicated specifically to the subject by physicists such as John McTaggart, Julian Barbour and others.
Research indicates that concepts of time are not universally known to humanity since the advent of behavioral modernity, but were developed by some cultures at some unknown point along the trajectory of the development of early human society. Indigenous tribes have been studied in Amazonas and elsewhere that were found by researchers not to have any developed concept of time at all.
Ernst Mach and Albert Einstein
The fundamental 1883 statement above was outlined by Ernst Mach in their book "The Science of Mechanics" and with them the idea of a timeless universe first came to prominence as a serious scientific idea. The particular passage quoted was singled out by Albert Einstein in their 1916 obituary for Mach, in which Einstein also described the great influence the Machian corpus had exerted and continued to exert upon generations of physicists:I believe that even those who consider themselves opponents of Mach are hardly aware of how much of Mach's way of thinking they imbibed, so to speak, with their mother's milk.Einstein opens the obituary in the Physikalische Zeitschrift with a firm rejection of those of their contemporary colleagues who view the epistemological inquiries of Mach as being work of lesser importance, and then opens the obituary proper with the central question which according to them ought to passionately interest and concern any disciple of science, such as himself:What objective can and will that science achieve to which I have devoted myself? To what extent are its general results "true"? What is essential and what is only dependent on the accidents of development?Einstein then proceeds to the central and largest part of their obituary, stating the importance of Mach and their work as follows:The importance of such minds, like Mach, certainly lies not only therein, that they satisfy certain philosophical requirements of the age, which by the average inveterate specialist might be characterized as unnecessary luxury. Concepts which have proven useful in the ordering of things, through ourselves easily rise to such authority, that we forget that their origin is earthly - and accept them as unalterable/absolute facts. They are then established as "Logical necessities", "givens a priori", et cetera. The path of scientific progress is oft made inaccessible for generations through such errors. Hence it is certainly no frivolous activity, when we exercise ourselves in the analysis of these long-established concepts; in the analysis and demonstration of the circumstances upon which their justification and utility depend, even as they have emerged from the realm of experience and observed phenomena. In such exercise their overly large authority is broken: If they are unable to properly legitimize themselves, they are eliminated; if their application to a corresponding object in reality was sloppy, they are corrected; and they are replaced by others if it proves possible to adopt some new system, the which we may for some reasons prefer.
Such analyses are mostly perceived by the expert scientific specialist as superfluous, stilted, at times even ridiculous. The situation changes however, when one of the casually employed terms is replaced by a sharper more accurate one, because the development of a particular science-branch commands it: Then energic protest and lamentations are voiced by those guilty of sloppy procedure with their own terms, fearing for their most holy possessions. In this howling the voices of other philosophers chime in who think themselves unable to do without yonder term, because they had so lined it up within their little treasure-trove of the "absolute", the "a priori", et cetera, that they had proclaimed it an irrevocable fundamental principle.
The reader already conjectured that I am here particularly alluding to certain concepts of space and time and mechanics, which have been subjected to a modification through the theory of relativity. No one can take it away from the epistemologists that they paved the way here; at least in my own case I know that I have been propelled immensely, directly and indirectly, especially by Hume and Mach. I ask the reader to take into their hand the work of Mach: "The Science of Mechanics", and to contemplate their observations contained in its second chapter under parts VI. and VII. ("Newton's views of time, space, and motion." and "Discussion of Newton's view of time.")
Here we find thoughts masterfully presented, which as of yet have not at all become the common property of physicists. These parts are also especially intriguing for the reason that they grow directly out of Newtonian passages, quoted verbatim. I provide here a selection of the choicest morsels:Newton: "Absolute, true, and mathematical time, of itself, and by its own nature, flows uniformly on, without regard to anything external. It is also called duration. Relative, apparent, and common time, is some sensible and external measure of absolute time (duration), estimated by the motions of bodies, whether accurate or inequable, and is commonly employed in of true time; as an hour, a day, a month, a year..."
Mach: "... When we say a ThingA changes with time, we mean simply that the conditions that determine a ThingA depend on the conditions that determine another ThingB. The vibrations of a pendulum take place in time when its excursion depends on the position of the earth. Since, however, in the observation of the pendulum, we are not under the necessity of taking into account its dependence on the position of the earth, but may compare it with any other thing (the conditions of which of course also depend on the position of the earth), the illusory notion easily arises that all the things with which we compare it are unessential. (....) It is utterly beyond our power to measure the changes of things by time. Quite the contrary, time is an abstraction, at which we arrive by means of the changes of things; made because we are not restricted to any one definite measure, all being interconnected."These quoted lines show that Mach had clearly recognized the weak sides of classical mechanics, and was not far removed from demanding a general theory of relativity, and this already half a century ago! It is not improbable that Mach should have themselves discovered the theory of relativity, if the question of the constancy of the speed of light had pre-occupied the community of physicists when they still had a fresh and youthful mind.
Einstein thus hails Mach as one of the great scientists of the era, and within their obituary gives the above passage dealing with the non-existence of time as evidence for why Mach was such a great physicist.
Kurt Gödel and Albert Einstein
Though the influence of Mach upon Einstein here described by the latter was certainly the most pronounced in the first four decades of their life, it is true that the warmth of Einstein's admiration for Mach cooled considerably after 1921 due to the posthumous publication of a text penned by Mach shortly before the latter's death disavowing any support for the theory of relativity. It must have disappointed Einstein, since we can see from partially extant friendly correspondence between the two that Mach had initially responded positively to the theory of relativity, much to the delight of Einstein. Einstein would later come to view Mach's ideas upon a number of subjects with increasing skepticism, but they never ceased to mention how Mach's work had influenced them and continued to discuss Machian problems and concepts with their close friends and colleagues.
One of these friends was Kurt Gödel, who in their works contemplated and examined universes both with and without concepts of time, the natures of which continued to be the subject of long discussions between themselves and Einstein. Although in 1949 Gödel postulated a theorem that stated: "In any universe described by the theory of relativity, time cannot exist", it is important to stress that Gödel was considering many different universes employing for their theoretical constitutions many different theoretical conceptions of time. It was their endeavour to reconcile the paradoxa of time and timelessness with relativity theory upon a sound epistemological footing. Hence when Gödel is popularly known for proposing "his" universe in which time-travel is a possibility, it is in reality a gross overreduction and oversimplification of their work.
Calendars in timeless universes
In a universe where time does not exist, the measure of time is spoken of only as existing within the sphere of human-made society and its sciences. The regular motions of the sun, earth and moon are real, and the shadows they produce can hence be measured and artificially quantified into days, months and years, and subdivided using other movements for measurement into increasingly small subdivisions. This is done for convenience in human societies for purposes of measurement or comparative analysis in history or other sciences.
It is therefore still possible in a timeless universe to speak of a date in time, such as the Battle of Marathon in 490 B.C., as long as such that time is clearly separated from physics, and confined to the sphere of human-made historical science and its conventions. That is, when we understand that the year is a measure for revolutions of a planet around the sun, and that our planet was measured by historians as having completed some 2510 revolutions since that event occurred, which we may read out from our catalogues that fix events to observations of physical revolutions. No real time is measured, rather observations of changes in seasons and nights and days are recorded by historians.
References
Ontology
Time
Family Party may refer to:
The Family Party, a defunct Christian political party in New Zealand
Family Party of Germany
Family Coalition Party of Ontario
Working Families Party, a minor political party in the United States founded in New York in 1998
"Family Party" (song), a song by Kyary Pamyu Pamyu
Family Party (film), a feature film written and directed by Pari Mathur
Family Party: 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade, a party video game on Wii U
See also
Family First Party
Holger Klaus Meins (26 October 1941 – 9 November 1974) was a German cinematography student who joined the Red Army Faction (RAF) in the early 1970s and died on hunger strike in prison.
As a revolutionary
Meins became an important member of the RAF and was seen as a leading figure. They were very involved in the gang workings and even had a grenade casing and bomb mould designed which could be placed under a woman's dress, giving the impression that they were pregnant, thereby facilitating the planting of bombs.
On 1 June 1972, Meins and Andreas Baader, along with Jan-Carl Raspe, went to check on a storage garage in Frankfurt where they kept materials for making bombs. The police were waiting for them, as they had gotten a tip-off. Meins and Baader entered the garage and were immediately surrounded. The police blocked the exit of the garage and fired tear gas grenades into the garage via a back window. Baader threw the tear gas back out. The stand-off did not last long after Baader was severely wounded when shot in the hip; Meins surrendered soon after. All three men were arrested.
In prison, Meins and the other RAF prisoners launched several hunger strikes to protest the conditions of their imprisonment. Meins died by starvation on hunger strike, on 9 November 1974. Although Meins was 1.83 meters (6'0") tall, they weighed only 39 kg (86 lbs) at the time of their death.
Aftermath
Meins's death sparked many protest actions across Europe, with many turning violent. RAF members grew more opposed to the German state. Hans-Joachim Klein, who acted as chauffeur for Jean-Paul Sartre in a meeting with Andreas Baader and became a militant, claimed to carry a copy of Meins's autopsy photo to reinforce their hatred for the West German "fascist" system.
The RAF members who carried out the West German Embassy siege in Stockholm in 1975 named their group after Meins.
Representation in other media
Jean-Marie Straub's and Danièle Huillet's movie, Moses und Aron (1974), is dedicated to Meins. They had earlier been the directors' friend, working as a cameraman.
Starbuck-Holger Meins (2002) is a documentary film about them by Gerd Conradt.
See also
Members of the Red Army Faction
External links
Biography from rafinfo.de
References
1941 births
1974 deaths
People from Hamburg
Members of the Red Army Faction
People who died on hunger strike
Prisoners who died in German detention
German people who died in prison custody
The 1993–94 season was the 70th season in the existence of AEK Athens F.C. and the 35th consecutive season in the top flight of Greek football. They competed in the Alpha Ethniki, the Greek Cup, the Greek Super Cup and the UEFA Champions League. The season began on 18 August 1993 and finished on 24 April 1994.
Players
Squad information
NOTE: The players are the ones that have been announced by the AEK Athens' press release. No edits should be made unless a player arrival or exit is announced. Updated 30 June 1994, 23:59 UTC+3.
Transfers
In
Summer
Out
Summer
Loan out
Summer
Renewals
Overall transfer activity
Expenditure
Summer: ₯50,000,000
Winter: ₯0
Total: ₯50,000,000
Income
Summer: ₯0
Winter: ₯0
Total: ₯0
Net Totals
Summer: ₯50,000,000
Winter: ₯0
Total: ₯50,000,000
Pre-season and friendlies
Greek Super Cup
Alpha Ethniki
League table
Results summary
Results by Matchday
Fixtures
Greek Cup
Group 14
Matches
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
UEFA Champions League
First round
Statistics
Squad statistics
! colspan="13" style="background:#FFDE00; text-align:center" | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="13" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="13" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="13" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Forwards
|-
|}
Disciplinary record
|-
! colspan="20" style="background:#FFDE00; text-align:center" | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="20" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="20" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="20" style="background:#FFDE00; color:black; text-align:center;"| Forwards
|}
References
External links
AEK Athens F.C. Official Website
AEK Athens F.C. seasons
AEK Athens
Greek football championship-winning seasons
Okçular, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Deliberative process privilege is the common-law principle that the internal processes of the executive branch of a government are immune from normal disclosure or discovery in civil litigations, Freedom of Information Act requests, etc.
The theory behind the protection is that by guaranteeing confidentiality, the government will receive better or more candid advice, recommendations and opinions, resulting in better decisions for society as a whole. The deliberative process privilege is often in dynamic tension with the principle of maximal transparency in government.
In the context of the U.S. presidential offices and their workproducts, this principle is often referred to as executive privilege, or as a type of executive privilege that is distinct from "presidential communications privilege".
See also
Public-interest immunity
Evidence law
Secrecy
Administrative law
Privileged communication
Graphistemma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1876. It contains only one known species, Graphistemma pictum, native to Vietnam and S China (Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan).
References
Flora of China
Flora of Vietnam
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Asclepiadoideae
M () is a 2007 South Korean psychological drama film starring Gang Dong-won. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival, and the final cut had its Korean premiere at the Pusan International Film Festival.
Using visual effects, complex dream sequences, and gliding camerawork, director Lee Myung-se describes their film as "a dark labyrinth of dream and reality," and that instead of using computer graphics, they prefer to "capture the fantasy elements through lighting and emotions."
Plot
A prominent up-and-coming author Min-woo readies their new much anticipated follow-up novel while suffering from writer's block, as well as frequent nightmares and hallucinations. This unexplainable condition affects both their personal and professional life. Soon they can't differentiate reality from fantasy and continues to have feelings of being chased. Their own paranoia leads them to a café in a dark, unassuming alley and encounters a charming young woman named Mimi. Min-woo starts to wonder how they and this girl in front of them are connected and traces long-forgotten memories of their first love.
Cast
Gang Dong-won - Min-woo
Lee Yeon-hee - Mimi
Gong Hyo-jin - Eun-hye
Jeon Moo-song - bartender
Song Young-chang - Company president Jang
Im Won-hee - Sung-woo
Lim Ju-hwan - umbrella man
Seo Dong-soo - editor
Jung In-gi - doctor
Kim Dong-hwa
Yoon Ga-hyun - groom's sister
Jung Sun-hye
Choi Dae-sung - Min-woo's friend
Awards and nominations
2007 Korean Film Awards
Best Cinematography – Hong Kyung-pyo
Best Art Direction – Yoon Sang-yoon, Yoo Joo-ho
Nomination – Best Film
Nomination – Best Director – Lee Myung-se
Nomination – Best Editing – Ko Im-pyo
Nomination – Best Visual Effects – Jang Seong-ho
Nomination – Best New Actress – Lee Yeon-hee
2008 Baeksang Arts Awards
Nomination – Best Director – Lee Myung-se
Nomination – Best New Actress – Lee Yeon-hee
2008 Buil Film Awards
Best Art Direction – Yoon Sang-yoon, Yoo Joo-ho
Best Lighting – Choi Chul-soo
Nomination – Best Supporting Actress – Gong Hyo-jin
Nomination – Best Cinematography – Hong Kyung-pyo
2008 Grand Bell Awards
Best Art Direction – Yoon Sang-yoon, Yoo Joo-ho
Nomination – Best Editing – Ko Im-pyo
Nomination – Best Visual Effects – Jeong Do-an, Yu Yeong-jae
Nomination – Best Sound – Park Jun-oh
2008 Blue Dragon Film Awards
Nomination – Best Cinematography – Hong Kyung-pyo
Nomination – Best Art Direction – Yoon Sang-yoon, Yoo Joo-ho
Nomination – Best Lighting – Choi Chul-soo
Adaptation
Mimi, a four-episode miniseries inspired by the film, aired on Mnet in 2014.
References
External links
2007 films
2000s psychological drama films
2000s mystery drama films
2000s mystery thriller films
2000s supernatural thriller films
South Korean mystery thriller films
South Korean mystery drama films
South Korean supernatural thriller films
Films directed by Lee Myung-se
2000s Korean-language films
2007 drama films
2000s South Korean films
Vesconte Point () is a steep rock point on the south side of Bermel Peninsula, Bowman Coast, marking the extremity of a spur running southeast from the easternmost of the Bowditch Crests. The point was first roughly mapped by W.L.G. Joerg from air photos taken by Lincoln Ellsworth on November 23, 1935, and was later surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in December 1958. In association with the names of pioneers of navigation grouped in this area, it was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) after Petrus Vesconte of Genoa, the earliest known chartmaker whose charts survive (the first dated 1311).
Headlands of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
A field coil is an electromagnet used to generate a magnetic field in an electro-magnetic machine, typically a rotating electrical machine such as a motor or generator. It consists of a coil of wire through which a current flows.
In a rotating machine, the field coils are wound on an iron magnetic core which guides the magnetic field lines. The magnetic core is in two parts; a stator which is stationary, and a rotor, which rotates within it. The magnetic field lines pass in a continuous loop or magnetic circuit from the stator through the rotor and back through the stator again. The field coils may be on the stator or on the rotor.
The magnetic path is characterized by poles, locations at equal angles around the rotor at which the magnetic field lines pass from stator to rotor or vice versa. The stator (and rotor) are classified by the number of poles they have. Most arrangements use one field coil per pole. Some older or simpler arrangements use a single field coil with a pole at each end.
Although field coils are most commonly found in rotating machines, they are also used, although not always with the same terminology, in many other electromagnetic machines. These include simple electromagnets through to complex lab instruments such as mass spectrometers and NMR machines. Field coils were once widely used in loudspeakers before the general availability of lightweight permanent magnets (see Field coil loudspeaker for more).
Fixed and rotating fields
Most DC field coils generate a constant, static field. Most three-phase AC field coils are used to generate a rotating field as part of an electric motor. Single-phase AC motors may follow either of these patterns: small motors are usually universal motors, like the brushed DC motor with a commutator, but run from AC. Larger AC motors are generally induction motors, whether these are three- or single-phase.
Stators and rotors
Many rotary electrical machines require current to be conveyed to (or extracted from) a moving rotor, usually by means of sliding contacts: a commutator or slip rings. These contacts are often the most complex and least reliable part of such a machine, and may also limit the maximum current the machine can handle. For this reason, when machines must use two sets of windings, the windings carrying the least current are usually placed on the rotor and those with the highest current on the stator.
The field coils can be mounted on either the rotor or the stator, depending on whichever method is the most cost-effective for the device design.
In a brushed DC motor the field is static but the armature current must be commutated, so as to continually rotate. This is done by supplying the armature windings on the rotor through a commutator, a combination of rotating slip ring and switches. AC induction motors also use field coils on the stator, the current on the rotor being supplied by induction in a squirrel cage.
For generators, the field current is smaller than the output current. Accordingly, the field is mounted on the rotor and supplied through slip rings. The output current is taken from the stator, avoiding the need for high-current sliprings. In DC generators, which are now generally obsolete in favour of AC generators with rectifiers, the need for commutation meant that brushgear and commutators could still be required. For the high-current, low-voltage generators used in electroplating, this could require particularly large and complex brushgear.
Bipolar and multipolar fields
In the early years of generator development, the stator field went through an evolutionary improvement from a single bipolar field to a later multipole design.
Bipolar generators were universal prior to 1890 but in the years following it was replaced by the multipolar field magnets. Bipolar generators were then only made in very small sizes.
The stepping stone between these two major types was the consequent-pole bipolar generator, with two field coils arranged in a ring around the stator.
This change was needed because higher voltages transmit power more efficiently over small wires. To increase the output voltage, a DC generator must be spun faster, but beyond a certain speed this is impractical for very large power transmission generators.
By increasing the number of pole faces surrounding the Gramme ring, the ring can be made to cut across more magnetic lines of force in one revolution than a basic two-pole generator. Consequently, a four-pole generator could output twice the voltage of a two-pole generator, a six-pole generator could output three times the voltage of a two-pole, and so forth. This allows output voltage to increase without also increasing the rotational rate.
In a multipolar generator, the armature and field magnets are surrounded by a circular frame or "ring yoke" to which the field magnets are attached. This has the advantages of strength, simplicity, symmetrical appearance, and minimum magnetic leakage, since the pole pieces have the least possible surface and the path of the magnetic flux is shorter than in a two-pole design.
Winding materials
Coils are typically wound with enamelled copper wire, sometimes termed magnet wire. The winding material must have a low resistance, to reduce the power consumed by the field coil, but more importantly to reduce the waste heat produced by ohmic heating. Excess heat in the windings is a common cause of failure. Owing to the increasing cost of copper, aluminium windings are increasingly used.
An even better material than copper, except for its high cost, would be silver as this has even lowed resistivity. Silver has been used in rare cases. During World War II the Manhattan project to build the first atomic bomb used electromagnetic devices known as calutrons to enrich uranium. Thousands of tons of silver were borrowed from the U.S. Treasury reserves to build highly efficient low-resistance field coils for their magnets.
See also
Excitation (magnetic)
References
Electricity
Electromagnetism
Anne Marie Wibble (born Anne Ohlin on 13 October 1943 in Stockholm – 14 March 2000 in Stockholm) was a Swedish politician who served as Minister for Finance from 1991 to 1994, the first woman to hold the post. They were a member of the Liberal People's Party. They were the daughter of Bertil Ohlin, a 1977 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences laureate.
Education
Wibble graduated from the Stockholm School of Economics in 1966, then studied at Stanford University where they took an M.A. degree in 1967. In 1973 they took a licentiate degree in economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, where they also are a teacher from 1967 to 1977.
Political career
Wibble worked for the Liberal People's Party in the Swedish government offices and the Swedish parliament from 1980 to 1986. They were a member of parliament from the 1985 election. In the 1991 election, a centre-right coalition won and Wibble was appointed Minister of Finance in the Bildt Cabinet. They stayed in office to the 1994 election, which the government lost. Wibble returned to parliament, and ran for party leader in 1995, but lost to Maria Leissner. They remained a member of parliament until the end of 1997, after which they became the chief economist of the Federation of Swedish Industry.
They died from cancer in 2000.
References
External links
1943 births
2000 deaths
Politicians from Stockholm
Members of the Riksdag from the Liberals (Sweden)
Swedish Ministers for Finance
Stockholm School of Economics alumni
Women government ministers of Sweden
Members of the Riksdag 1985–1988
Members of the Riksdag 1988–1991
Members of the Riksdag 1991–1994
Members of the Riksdag 1994–1998
Women members of the Riksdag
20th-century Swedish women politicians
Female finance ministers
Royal Bliss is an American rock band formed in 1997 in Salt Lake City, Utah. They were previously signed to Capitol Records and have released ten studio albums.
History
Background
Formed in 1997 in Salt Lake City, Utah, Royal Bliss regularly played to sold-out venues in Salt Lake City, Provo, Ogden, and Park City. They also played to sold-out crowds in a number of cities in California, Nevada, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Oregon, Washington, Illinois, Iowa, and Texas. In September, 2002 they played to a sold-out crowd at the Key Club in Hollywood and subsequently have been requested to come back to play. In March 2003, they headlined the Roxy Theatre and the show proved to be extremely successful.
In June 2007, Royal Bliss signed with Jason Flom CEO of Capitol Music Group. In August and September 2007, the band recorded a new CD at The Commune, a recording studio in Oregon, produced by Rob Daiker and engineered Matt Winegar.
Neal's accident
The members of Royal Bliss have had their share of trials and tribulations.
The band went through a period of time that included Neal falling about 35 feet from a balcony in Southern California. After nearly dying and being told that they will never walk again, Neal rehabilitated themselves from almost complete paralysis of the lower half of their body and has even been seen playing soccer now and again, being a longtime player of the sport. The other members also were busy around the same time including, Jake becoming a father, Chris puncturing their face in a skiing accident and having to have reconstructive surgery, and Taylor breaking their foot, not to mention totaled cars, lawsuits, failed recording sessions and broken relationships.
"We've always told each other, as long as we keep moving steps forward, we'll never give up, we'll never quit," Middleton said. "As long as each year we advance as musicians and we advance as people, then we'll never give up. It's kind of like going to school to become a doctor for 8 or 10 years. That was our college, playing in a band."
Free Again (1998)
This appears to be the first CD that the band recorded in 1998 which had (7) seven songs. It included some longtime fan favorites such as "Love Song", and "Morning After". A heavy metal effort also made the cut on this first one titled “Blah”
Gimmie a Little Bliss (1999)
This CD is considered their debut EP and with a new type of rock incorporated with a strong Reggae vibe made the CDs sell quickly. They quickly sold out of about 3,500 units and had orders for more.
Old's Cool (2001)
This CD was a compilation of the band's first two CD's, Free Again and Gimme A Little Bliss. It Also included two bonus live songs, "No Surprises" and a rough version of the band's current hit “Devils and Angels”
King Size (2001)
Their next CD titled King Size (2001) met with similar success. At the time of release, 5,000 copies were distributed to Media Play, Sam Goody, Warehouse Music and Gray Whale stores. This CD also quickly sold out and stores had to put in subsequent orders to accommodate the demand. Many stores have had to struggle to keep this hot disc on the shelves since its release. Some of the more notable songs on this disc include “Now She's Leaving”, “Drink and Smoke”, and the much requested fan favorites “Fine Wine” and “Roll One”.
After the Chaos (2005) and After the Chaos II (2006)
The aptly named Sixth CD After the Chaos is a reference to how after all the pain and suffering that they went through to record it. Producer Rob Daiker re-mixed the After The Chaos record and two more tracks where added to createAfter the Chaos II which has been described as "Royal Bliss at its best".
The band had started production of the CD in a million-dollar California studio, but after all that happened they ended up finishing it almost two years later in a home studio located in Salt Lake City. “It's the first CD that all of us collectively agree that this is the one we need to go out and shop to labels and tour on and really push as heavily as we possibly can,” Middleton said. “For the first time, we've hired a radio promoter and we've hired a publicist and ended up signing a distribution deal” that will get After the Chaos II into stores nationwide, while giving Royal Bliss control of all the music.
Royal Bliss had opportunities to leave Salt Lake City for greener pastures, but “it's always been our goal to come from Salt Lake City, because we believe the talent in Salt Lake deserves to be noticed.” And with the Internet, it's even easier for bands to make an impact without leaving their hometowns.
Royal Bliss plans on touring and pushing After the Chaos II as far as it can. And with their recent travails now in the rearview mirror, band members are optimistic.
“It's actually starting to feel better than it's ever been before,” Middleton said. “We're all feeling good and we're all healthy. I still don't have all the feeling back in my leg, but it doesn't bother me.”. After the Chaos II is distributed under the label The Control Group.
Their single "Devils and Angels" featured on "After The Chaos II" received heavy rotation on KHTB/SLC, KZDX/Idaho, KCVI/Idaho, KOMP/Las Vegas, WIIL/Chicago, and KEYJ/Abilene, TX reaching a peak of 36 on the mediabase active rock charts. Having sold almost 30,000 copies of After the Chaos II, in June 2007, Royal Bliss signed with Jason Flom while CEO of Capitol Music Group.
Life In-Between (2009)
Royal Bliss's new album marks the next chapter in the ongoing saga of Royal Bliss, as their first major label release under Capitol Records. Life In-Between was released 13 January 2009 as a joint collaboration between Merovingian Music and Caroline Records under the exclusive license to Capitol Records. Showing strong first week sales, Life In Between debuted at number 151 on The Billboard 200 (Top 200 albums in retail sales) and number 4 on Billboard Top Heatseekers (The best-selling albums by new and developing acts, defined as those who have never appeared in the top 100 of The Billboard 200).
The album's first single, Save Me, was released 15 July 2008. It is currently available for sale digitally at all major online retailers (iTunes, Amazon, Rhapsody, etc.). The song impacted radio only one day earlier on the 14th with a total of 11 adds at radio and climbing to 25 within a few days. Merovingian Music (abrv MRV) has released two web sites to accompany and promote the new single Save Me. The first is an interactive e-card which provides to anyone that maybe unfamiliar, an excellent introduction to the band. The second is a media packed web tools site for those who want to take action and promote, this site provides to the public a plethora of marketing tools and the necessary knowledge to use them effectively.
In October 2008 the band's label released the first video single for the song, Save Me. The video features a protagonist puppet used to explore the band's tormented psyche and shows the devolution and decline of the human condition when all hope is lost. A masked man in stop-motion symbolizes the character in a state of emotional decay and turmoil as they morph into an actual puppet who is void of feeling, emotion and life itself. Thus symbolizing the fight is over and a lost of all resemblance of former self and has now become completely dehumanized. Here is a recent 2009 interview with the band: http://app.synclive.com?show/29552.
In November 2009 the band released an acoustic EP entitled from a performance at the legendary Studio A that was produced by the band and their Manager Sam Kaiser. They also release a Christmas single which included the b-side "Music Man", a fan favorite.
Waiting Out the Storm (2012)
The band has said that in February 2010 they will start recording a new album. The band self released "Waiting Out The Storm" in January 2012 and worked two singles off the record, "I Got This" and "Crazy". Both singles failed to chart on the top 40 active rock charts but made the Top 10 in Rock and Top 70 Overall on iTunes. The band continues to tour.
Chasing the Sun (2014)
Royal Bliss had stated that they were going to release a new album in late 2013 or early 2014. The band funded the money to make the album by using the Kickstarter program. Neal Middleton stated: "We wanted to try something new, and Kickstarter was a great option. We could involve the fans in a new way and really make them part of the process. Hell they even picked out the CD cover for us. So yes I do think it's a good way for bands to raise money and to also get to know their fans". The band released their 8th album entitled "Chasing The Sun" on February 18, 2014. This album features the single "Cry Sister." Cry Sister was released on October 29, 2013 and charted at number 31 on the Mediabase Active Rock Chart. The album also includes the present single "Turn Me On."
The Truth (2016)
The EP was co-written with the songwriting powerhouse duo Monty Powell and Anna Wilson. The video bands unofficial first single "We're All Livin The Dream" successfully landed a World Premiere on all 16 of CMT's broadcast outlets and a featured spot on CMT's website. "The Truth" hits all digital retailers June 3, 2016. The EP debuted at No. 28 on the Top Country Albums chart, and No. 19 on the Hard Rock Albums chart, with 1,500 copies sold in its first week.
In October and November of 2018, the group plans to tour with American rock bands Messer and Joyous Wolf.
Band members
Current
Neal Middleton—lead vocals, guitar
Taylor Richards—guitar
Jake Smith—drums
Brian Hennesy-bass guitar (2017-present)
Sean Hennesy-guitar (2014–present)
The Voice
In 2012, band member and vocalist Neal Middleton took part in auditions to the second season of the American reality television series The Voice. On the program broadcast on February 6, 2012, they sang "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" from Marvin Gaye. But none of the 4 judges, namely Adam Levine, Cee-Lo Green, Christina Aguilera and Blake Shelton hit their "I Want You" buttons and Neal Middleton was eliminated.
Discography
Studio albums
2005: After the Chaos
2006: After the Chaos II
2009: Life In-Between
2012: Waiting Out the Storm
2014: Chasing The Sun
2016: The Truth
2019: Royal Bliss
Independent albums
1998: Free Again
1999: Gimmie a Little Bliss
2001: King Size
EPs
2009: Live and Acoustic in Studio A
2009: I Just Want You (For Christmas)
Compilations
2001: Old's Cool
2012: 15 Years: 1997-2012
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Royal Bliss official web site
Map of Royal Bliss tour dates
Royal Bliss on Channel One News
Alternative rock groups from Utah
Musical groups established in 1997
American post-grunge musical groups
1997 establishments in Utah
Gebeler, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Federal University of Maranhão (, UFMA) is a federal university in the northeastern state of Maranhão, Brazil.
External links
Maranhao
Universities and colleges in Maranhão
1966 establishments in Brazil
Educational institutions established in 1966
São Luís, Maranhão
The Iwieniec Uprising was an attack carried out by units of the Polish anti-German resistance, the Home Army (Armia Krajowa, AK) against a German garrison in the town of Iwieniec in German-occupied Poland (today Ivyanets, Belarus) on 19 June 1943. The action was carried out by the Polish Partisan Unit AK Stołpce Region.
The purpose of the attack was to free imprisoned members of the Polish underground, capture weapons and provisions from the Germans, capture and punish Nazi-collaborators, pre-empt a German conscription of local men for forced labor in Nazi Germany, and to demonstrate the significance of the Polish underground in the region.
The Polish units suffered four casualties (two killed, two wounded) while killing approximately 150 German soldiers and police officers. Between 100 and 200 Belorussian auxiliary police officers deserted during the attack, switched side to the Poles and ended up joining the Polish partisans. While the attacks was a success (although some of the collaborators sought by the partisans managed to escape), it invited severe reprisals from the Germans. Around 150 civilians were murdered in reprisals for the uprising. In July 1943 the Germans launched the major anti-partisan Operation Hermann against all the partisan units (Polish as well as Soviet) in the nearby Naliboki forest, during which civilian communities were destroyed, the fit deported as slave labor and the unfit murdered by the Germans.
The attack was one of the major operations carried out by the Home Army in Poland prior to the Warsaw Uprising.
References
Paweł Kosowicz W Puszczy Nalibockiej Tyg.Powszechny, 1978, nr 40 (pl)
Military operations involving the Home Army
Military operations of World War II involving Germany
1943 in Poland
Belarus in World War II
Uprisings during World War II
Axaxdərə (known as Oxoxdərə, Okhakhdara and Okhakhdere until 2001) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Car.
References
External links
Populated places in Zaqatala District
The history of comics has followed different paths in different parts of the world. It can be traced back to early precursors such as Trajan's Column, in Rome, Egyptian hieroglyphs and the Bayeux Tapestry.
Early narratives in art
Examples of early sequential art can be found in Egyptian hieroglyphs, Greek friezes, Rome's Trajan's Column (dedicated in 110 AD), Maya script, medieval tapestries such as the Bayeux Tapestry and illustrated Christian manuscripts. In medieval paintings, multiple sequential scenes of the same story (usually a Biblical one) appear simultaneously in the same painting.
An ancient tradition in India, possibly dating back to at least 700 BCE, had picture showmen narrating stories that were simultaneously presented in painted pictures (also the origin of shadow play with jointed puppets).
It took the invention of modern printing techniques to bring the form to a wide audience and become a mass medium.
Early printing and cartoons
Early printed material concentrated on religious subjects, with densely illustrated versions of the Bible as a widely distributed medium that combined many images with text in order to bring the teachings of Christianity to the illiterate.
Through the 17th and 18th centuries, prints began to tackle aspects of political and social life, and also started to satirize and caricature. Occasionally, prints would contain several images to relate multiple scenes of a narrative, for instance in Frans Hogenberg's depictions of the Spanish Fury (1576) and the murder of Henry III of France (1589).
One of the first British creators of sequential series of satirical art was William Hogarth (1697–1764). Hogarth created seven sets of sequential images on "Modern Moral Subjects". One of their works, A Rake's Progress, was composed of a number of canvases, each reproduced as a print, and the eight prints together created a narrative. As printing techniques developed, due to the technological advances of the industrial revolution, magazines and newspapers were established. These publications sometimes utilized illustrations as a means of commenting on political and social issues, such illustrations becoming known as "cartoons" since 1842.
While surviving works of these periods, such as Francis Barlow's A True Narrative of the Horrid Hellish Popish Plot (c. 1682) as well as The Punishments of Lemuel Gulliver and A Rake's Progress by William Hogarth (1726), can be seen to establish a narrative over a number of images, it wasn't until the 19th century that the elements of such works began to crystallise into the comic strip.
The speech balloon also evolved over the centuries, from the medieval origins of the phylacter, a label, usually in the form of a scroll, which identified a character either through naming them or using a short text to explain their purpose. Artists such as George Cruikshank helped codify such phylacters as balloons rather than scrolls, though at this time they were still called labels. They now represented narrative, but for identification purposes rather than dialogue within the work, and artists soon discarded them in favour of running dialogue underneath the panels. Speech balloons were not reintroduced to the form until Richard F. Outcault used them for dialogue.
Form established
The Glasgow Looking Glass, published in 1826, was arguably the first comic magazine. A satirical publication, later known as The Northern Looking Glass, it lampooned the fashions and politics of the times. It had most of the elements that make up the modern comic, including pictures with captions that display a continuous narrative told often in installments, and the use of speech bubbles, satire and caricature.
Rodolphe Töpffer, a Francophone Swiss artist, was a key figure in the early part of the 19th century. Though speech balloons fell from favour during the middle 19th century, Töpffer's sequentially illustrated stories, with text compartmentalized below images, were reprinted throughout Europe and the United States. The lack of copyright laws at the time meant that pirated editions proliferated, and translated versions created a market on both continents for similar works.
In 1843, Töpffer formalised their thoughts on the picture story in their Essay on Physiognomics: "To construct a picture-story does not mean you must set yourself up as a master craftsman, to draw out every potential from your material—often down to the dregs! It does not mean you just devise caricatures with a pencil naturally frivolous. Nor is it simply to dramatize a proverb or illustrate a pun. You must actually invent some kind of play, where the parts are arranged by plan and form a satisfactory whole. You do not merely pen a joke or put a refrain in couplets. You make a book: good or bad, sober or silly, crazy or sound in sense."
In 1845, the satirical drawings, which regularly appeared in newspapers and magazines, gained a name: cartoons. (In art, a cartoon is a pencil or charcoal sketch to be overpainted.) The British magazine Punch, launched in 1841, referred to its 'humorous pencilings' as cartoons in a satirical reference to the Parliament of the day, who were themselves organising an exhibition of cartoons, or preparatory drawings, at the time. This usage became common parlance, lasting to the present day. Similar magazines containing cartoons in continental Europe included Fliegende Blätter and Le Charivari, while in the U.S. Judge and Puck were popular.
1865 saw the publication of Max and Moritz by Wilhelm Busch by a German newspaper. Busch refined the conventions of sequential art, and their work was a key influence within the form, Rudolph Dirks was inspired by the strip to create The Katzenjammer Kids in 1897.
First serialized comics for a mass audience
The first weekly comic to feature a regular character was Ally Sloper's Half Holiday, which debuted in the British humour magazine Judy in 1867 and was created by C. H. Ross and illustrated by their French wife Emilie de Tessier. In 1884 the then highly popular character was spun off into their own comic, Ally Sloper's Half Holiday published by Dalziel Brothers, eight pages long and printed in black and white at tabloid size. The magazine was extremely popular with the working class and may have had a circulation as high as 350,000. In 1890, two more comic magazines debuted to the British public, Comic Cuts and Illustrated Chips, establishing the tradition of the British comic as an anthology periodical containing comic strips.
In the United States, R.F. Outcault's work in combining speech balloons and images on Hogan's Alley and The Yellow Kid has been credited as establishing the form and conventions of the comic strip, though academics have uncovered earlier works that combine speech bubbles and a multi image narrative. However, the popularity of Outcalt's work and the position of the strip in a newspaper retains credit as a driving force of the form.
20th century and the mass medium
The 1920s and 1930s saw further booms within the industry. The market for comic anthologies in Britain turned to targeting children through juvenile humor, with The Dandy and The Beano. In Belgium, Hergé created The Adventures of Tintin newspaper strip for a comic supplement; this was successfully collected in a bound album and created a market for further such works. The same period in the United States had seen newspaper strips expand their subject matter beyond humour, with action, adventure and mystery strips launched. The collection of such material also began, with The Funnies, a reprint collection of newspaper strips, published in tabloid size in 1929.
A market for such comic books soon followed, and by 1938 publishers were printing original material in the format. It was at this point that Action Comics #1 launched, with Superman as the cover feature. The popularity of the character swiftly enshrined the superhero as the defining genre of American comic books. The genre lost popularity in the 1950s but re-established its domination of the form from the 1960s until the late 20th century.
In Japan, a country with a long tradition for illustration, comics were hugely popular. Referred to as manga, the Japanese form was established after World War II by Osamu Tezuka, who expanded the page count of a work to number in the hundreds, and who developed a filmic style, heavily influenced by the Disney animations of the time. The Japanese market expanded its range to cover works in many genres, from juvenile fantasy through romance to adult fantasies. Japanese manga is typically published in large anthologies, containing several hundred pages, and the stories told have long been used as sources for adaptation into animated film. In Japan, such films are referred to as anime, and many creators work in both forms simultaneously, leading to an intrinsic linking of the two forms.
During the latter half of the 20th century comics became a very popular item for collectors and from the 1970s American comics publishers have actively encouraged collecting and shifted a large portion of comics publishing and production to appeal directly to the collector's community.
Writing in 1972, Sir Ernst Gombrich felt Töpffer had evolved a new pictorial language, that of an abbreviated art style, which allowed the audience to fill in gaps with their imagination.
The modern double use of the term comic, as an adjective describing a genre, and a noun designating an entire medium, has been criticised as confusing and misleading. In the 1960s and 1970s, underground cartoonists used the spelling comix to distinguish their work from mainstream newspaper strips and juvenile comic books. Their work was written for an adult audience but was usually comedic, so the "comic" label was still appropriate. The term graphic novel was popularized in the late 1970s, having been coined at least two decades previous, to distance the material from this confusion.
In the 1980s, comics scholarship started to blossom in the U.S., and a resurgence in the popularity of comics was seen, with Alan Moore and Frank Miller producing notable superhero works and Bill Watterson's Calvin & Hobbes, and Gary Larson's The Far Side being syndicated.
Webcomics have grown in popularity since the mid 1990s. Since the inception of the World Wide Web, artists have been able to self-publish comics on the Internet for a low cost. Hosting providers specifically designed for webcomics, such as Keenspot and Modern Tales, allow for a type of syndication of webcomics. Scott McCloud described in 2000 how creators of online comics can revolutionize the medium by embracing the digital space and making use of techniques such as infinite canvas. Webcomics became more prolific in the early 2000s, as respected comics awards such as the Eagle and Eisner Awards started adding categories for digital comics.
See also
Comics historiography
History of American comics
History of Franco-Belgian comics
History of manga
List of years in comics
References
Works cited
Elören, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Clifford Day Chambers (January 10, 1922 – January 21, 2012) was an American professional baseball pitcher who appeared in 189 games in Major League Baseball (MLB) from to for the Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals. They threw and batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Biography
Chambers was born in Portland, Oregon. They played two seasons of college baseball for the Washington State Cougars in 1941–42. They broke into the major leagues with the Chicago Cubs in 1948, and they were pleasantly surprised to find out that they had been traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates before the 1949 season. Chambers said that they had not been happy with their salary in Chicago, and that they were excited to play with a well-regarded organization like Pittsburgh.
Before the 1950 season, Chambers had threatened not to sign with Pittsburgh unless they made $20,000, a large increase from their $7,500 salary the year before. After Pirates general manager Roy Hamey called Chambers at their home in Bellingham, Washington, Chambers agreed to sign an extension worth less than $15,000.
On May 6, 1951, while with the Pirates, Chambers no-hit the Boston Braves 3–0 in the second game of a doubleheader at Braves Field. It was the first no-hitter by a Pirates pitcher in 44 years.
A month later, on June 15, the Pirates traded Chambers and Wally Westlake to the Cardinals for Dick Cole, Joe Garagiola, Bill Howerton, Howie Pollet and Ted Wilks. Not until Edwin Jackson in 2010 would a pitcher be traded after hurling a no-hitter earlier in the season.
Over their six MLB seasons, Chambers compiled a 48–53 career won–lost record with an earned run average of 4.29, with 37 complete games and seven shutouts in 113 starts. They allowed 924 hits and 361 bases on balls in 897 innings pitched, with 374 strikeouts. They were an above-average hitter as a pitcher, posting a .235 batting average (69-for-294) with 24 runs, three home runs and 25 RBI.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
1922 births
2012 deaths
Baseball players from Portland, Oregon
Chicago Cubs players
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Eagle, Idaho
Pittsburgh Pirates players
St. Louis Cardinals players
San Diego Padres (minor league) players
Tulsa Oilers (baseball) players
Washington State Cougars baseball players
Șeitin () is a commune in western Romania, located in the southwest part of Arad County, is situated in the south-western part of the Arad Plateau, in the valley of the river Mureș, and it covers approximately 6680 ha. The commune is composed of a single village, Șeitin, situated at 47 km from Arad.
Population
According to the last census, the population of the commune consists of about 2996 inhabitants, out of which 93.7% are Romanians, 0.9% Hungarians, 3.9% Roms, 0.7% Slovaks, 0.5% Ukrainians and 0.3% are of other or undeclared nationalities.
History
Șeitin was first mentioned in documents in 1138. Archaeological excavations performed in the place called "La Imaș" have discovered traces of a Dacian-Roman settlement and a burial vault that prove the continuity of inhabitance on this area.
Economy
The economy of the commune is mainly agrarian, and the locality is well known in the region as an important grain-bearing vegetable-growing place. Livestock-breeding is based on pig and cattle raising.
Tourism
The natural park called "Lunca Mureșului" and the Mureș valley are the main sights of the commune.
Natives
Ioan T. Morar (b. 1956), journalist, poet, dramatist, novelist, literary and art critic, and civil society activist.
References
Communes in Arad County
Localities in Crișana
Şereflidavutlu, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
The 2022 Guamanian gubernatorial election will take place on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Guam. Incumbent Democratic Governor Lou Leon Guerrero, who was elected in 2018 with 50.7% of the vote, is eligible for re-election. They have declared they intend to seek a second term, keeping incumbent Lieutenant Governor Josh Tenorio as their running mate.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Nominee
Lou Leon Guerrero, incumbent Governor
Josh Tenorio, incumbent Lieutenant Governor
Eliminated in Primary
Michael San Nicolas, incumbent Delegate to the U.S. House of Representitves
Sabrina Salas Matanane, KUAM managing director for local productions
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Nominee
Felix Camacho, former Governor
Vicente "Tony" Ada, state senator
Declined
James "Jim" Moylan, former Guam Senate Minority Leader (running for delegate)
Results
General election
Results
Notes
References
Gubernatorial
Guam
Guam
Desisa bhutanensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1968.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1968
Stephen Kwabena Opuni is a Ghanaian health practitioner and a former chief executive officer of the Ghana Cocoa Board.
Early life and education
Stephen Kwabena Opuni was born at Sunyani, the capital of the Brong Ahafo Region, Ghana. Their mother was from, Dormaa Babianeha, near Dormaa Ahenkro in the Brong Ahafo Region. Their father, Nicholas Hayford Kwabena Opuni, was the Brong Ahafo Regional Secretary of Kwame Nkrumah's Convention People's Party (CPP) in 1966
Alleged corruption scandal
Opuni was alleged to have been involved a in number of corruption charges including causing financial loss to Ghana. Attorney-General of Ghana, Gloria Akuffo stated that the former COCOBOD CEO Dr. Stephen Opuni may face a 25 years sentence if found guilty.
Accusations
They were accused with 27 charges for causing financial loss to the state. Some of the charges include; money laundering, violation of procurement laws and defrauding by false pretenses. The state says it has established that Seidu Agongo deposited an amount of 25,000 cedes into the account of Stephen Kwabena Opuni to influence the award of contracts.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Senator Leland may refer to:
Burton Leland (1948–2018), Michigan State Senate
Phineas W. Leland (1798–1870), Massachusetts State Senate
Sherman Leland (1783–1853), Massachusetts State Senate
The Blizzard is a quarterly football magazine edited by Jonathan Wilson, published in both download and hard copy formats by Blizzard Media. The magazine was originally sold on a pay-what-you-like basis.
The Blizzard took its name from an eclectic Victorian Sunderland-based newspaper set up by Sidney Duncan, which ran for 12 issues and was established in 1893. Wilson, who also comes from Sunderland, wanted to replicate the eclectic nature of this publication. The Editor's Note, which began Issue Zero, set out the magazine's ethos as an alternative to that which was currently available in football media. Jonathan Wilson wrote:
"I'd been frustrated for some time by the constraints of the mainstream media and, in various press-rooms and bars across the world, I'd come to realise I wasn't the only one who felt journalism as a whole was missing something, that there should be more space for more in-depth pieces, for detailed reportage, history and analysis. Was there a way, I wondered, to accommodate articles of several thousand words? Could we do something that was neither magazine nor book, but somewhere in between? As I floated thoughts and theories to anyone who would listen, I became aware there were other writers so keen to break the shackles of Search Engine Optimisation and the culture of quotes-for-quotes'-sake that they were prepared to write for a share of potential profit, that the joy of writing what they wanted and felt was important outweighed the desire to be paid."
The Blizzard accommodates longer articles than a typical football magazine, with pieces up to 8000 words long. Topics are often more obscure and esoteric than other magazines, aiming to either cover little-explored components of football culture, or to take new perspectives on previously well explored issues. While the initial issue was published virtually, a limited print run was released. All subsequent issues have appeared both as pdfs, and in-print.
References
External links
The Blizzard website
Association football magazines
Sports magazines published in the United Kingdom
Football mass media in the United Kingdom
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2011
Companies based in the City of Sunderland
Mass media in Tyne and Wear
Compilation of all the well documented national flag proposals of several countries, dependent territories, autonomies, international organisations, and states with limited recognition.
Åland
Algeria
Angola
Antarctica
Arkansas
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Bahamas
Belarus
Belgium
Bermuda
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
China, People's Republic of
See "List of Chinese Flags/ Flag Proposals"
Chuvashia
Colombia
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Crimea
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Earth
East Timor
Egypt
Estonia
European Union
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
Germany
Ghana
Greenland
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Karelia
Kazakhstan
Komi
Korea, North
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
Mexico
Minnesota
Moldova
Montenegro
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia
New Zealand
See "2015–2016 New Zealand flag referendums" and "New Zealand flag debate"
Nigeria
North Macedonia
Norway
Dependent Territories
Okinawa
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Samoa
São Tomé and Príncipe
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
See "List of South African Flags/Proposed Flags"
Spain
Suriname
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Tatarstan
Togo
Tokelau
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United Nations
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Vojvodina
References
Sources
History of flags
National flags
Workers Committee for National Liberation – Political Organisation for the Working Class (, abbreviated 'WCNL') was a militant anti-imperialist labour organisation in Egypt. The emergence of WCNL was part on an ongoing radicalization and upsurge of the national movement in Egypt 1945–1946.
Founding
WCNL was founded by a group of trade unionists linked to the communist al-Fajr aj-Jadid group. WCNL was constituted at a 3-day meeting held in the residence of Yusuf Darwish in mid-September 1945. Eight persons attended the meeting, but only the six that were workers signed the founding declaration.
ad-Damir
WCNL acquired a lease for the publishing license of an existing weekly newspaper, ad-Damir, to function as the organ of WCNL. Mahmud al-Askari (who was the general secretary of the General Union of Mechanised Textile Workers in Shubra Al-Kheima and Cairo) became the editor of the newspaper whilst Taha Saad Uthman (who was president of the GUMTWSKC) became the secretary of its editorial board. Both had taken part in the founding of WCNL. The first copy of ad-Damir published by WCNL came out in September 1945.
Publication of WCNL programme
One of the founding members of WCNL, Yusuf al-Mudarrik, travelled to Paris for the 1945 founding congress of the World Federation of Trade Unions. Al-Mudarrik had been chosen to represent 102 labour unions, with a combined membership of around 80,000. At the congress they distributed English and French versions of the WCNL programme. The programme had a nationalist and anti-capitalist profile and called for the expulsion of all British troops from Egypt, land reform, and nationalizations. The programme stated that it was the task of the working class to lead this struggle. The WCNL programme was published in Egypt on October 8, 1945, one day after martial law was lifted. WCNL distributed 15,000 copies of the programme, plus 25,000 copies of an accompanying statement.
Development
The programme and political discourse of WCNL was well received in the Egyptian trade union movement. However, the group was unable to expand its membership. Some prominent trade union leaders felt that the WCNL nucleus had excluded them from the founding of the new organization.
Initially the Egyptian government tried to co-opt the WCNL. The organisation was reportedly offered a substantial sum of money if a government protege was appointed editor of ad-Damir. When the WCNL refused, repressive measures were used against the organisation.
Shubra El-Kheima strike and government crackdown
In December 1945 a textile workers strike broke out in Shubra El-Kheima, in response to an occupation by army and police forces of the area. The government accused the WCNL of leading the strike. Around 600 workers were arrested as police and army forces tried to break up the strike. Al-Mudarrik, Uthman and al-Askari were arrested on January 2, 1946. The government dissolved the textile workers union in Shubra El-Kheima. Ad-Damir ceased publication in January 1946. The three WCNL leaders would remain in jail until May 30 the same year.
The government crackdown on WCNL paralysed the organisation and broke the influence of al-Fajr al-Jadid in the trade union movement. Following the arrests to the WCNL leaders another faction, the Egyptian Movement for National Liberation, became the most prominent communist group amongst the Egyptian workers.
References
Defunct communist parties in Egypt
Trade unions in Egypt
1945 establishments in Egypt
Trade unions established in 1945
Egyptian nationalism
Banned communist parties
Banned political parties in Egypt
Kirk is a Scottish (and former Northern English) word meaning "church". It is often used specifically of the Church of Scotland. Many place names and personal names are also derived from it.
Basic meaning and etymology
As a common noun, kirk (meaning 'church') is found in Scots, Scottish English, Ulster-Scots and some English dialects, attested as a noun from the 14th century onwards, but as an element in placenames much earlier. Both words, kirk and church, derive from the Koine Greek κυριακόν (δωμα) (kyriakon (dōma)) meaning Lord's (house), which was borrowed into the Germanic languages in late antiquity, possibly in the course of the Gothic missions. (Only a connection with the idiosyncrasies of Gothic explains how a Greek neuter noun became a Germanic feminine).
Whereas church displays Old English palatalisation, kirk is a loanword from Old Norse and thus retains the original mainland Germanic consonants. Compare cognates: Icelandic & Faroese kirkja; Swedish kyrka (where the first ‘k' was later palatalized as well); Norwegian (Nynorsk) kyrkje; Danish and Norwegian (Bokmål) kirke; Dutch and Afrikaans kerk; German Kirche (reflecting palatalization before unstressed front vowel); West Frisian tsjerke; and borrowed into non-Germanic languages Estonian kirik and Finnish kirkko.
Church of Scotland
As a proper noun, The Kirk is an informal name for the Church of Scotland, the country's national church. The Kirk of Scotland was in official use as the name of the Church of Scotland until the 17th century, and still today the term is frequently used in the press and everyday speech, though seldom in the Church's own literature. However, Kirk Session is still the standard term in church law for the court of elders in the local congregation, both in the Church of Scotland and in any of the other Scottish Presbyterian denominations.
Free Kirk
Even more commonly, The Free Kirk is heard as an informal name for the Free Church of Scotland, the remnant of an evangelical presbyterian church formed in 1843 when its founders withdrew from the Church of Scotland. See:
Free Church of Scotland (1843–1900)
Free Church of Scotland (since 1900)
A pair of rhyming jibes remain from the time of the heated split of the Disruption in 1843 when about a third of the Auld Kirk of Scotland left to form the Free Kirk. The Free Kirkers who had sometimes given up homes as well as church buildings and started financially from scratch were taunted with the rhyme: “The Free Kirk, the wee kirk, the kirk without the steeple.” This rhyme linking the Free Kirk with the derogatory diminutive "wee" was offensive and a reply was devised in: “The Auld Kirk, the cauld kirk, the kirk without the people.”
High Kirk
High Kirk is the term sometimes used to describe a congregation of the Church of Scotland which uses a building which was a cathedral prior to the Reformation. As the Church of Scotland is not governed by bishops, it has no cathedrals in the episcopal sense of the word. In more recent times, the traditional names have been revived, so that in many cases both forms can be heard: Glasgow Cathedral, and the High Kirk of Glasgow, and St. Giles' Cathedral, as well as the High Kirk of Edinburgh.
The term High Kirk should, however, be used with some caution. Several towns have a congregation known as the High Kirk which were never pre-Reformation cathedrals. Examples include:
Dundee, where the High Kirk is not the historic Dundee Parish Church known as St Mary's, but St David's;
Paisley where there were former congregations and parishes surrounding three churches: the High Kirk (now formally Oakshaw Trinity Church, but still retaining the High Kirk name), the Middle Kirk and the Laigh Kirk, the Middle Kirk no longer existing as a religious institution and none of the three names referred to Paisley's historic Abbey;
Stevenston High Kirk in Ayrshire.
There is no connection between the term 'High Kirk' and the term 'High Church', which is a type of Churchmanship within the Anglican Communion.
Kirk Session
The first court of Presbyterian polity where the Elders of a particular congregation gather as a Session or meeting to govern the spiritual and temporal affairs of the church.
Kirking ceremonies
The verb to kirk, meaning 'to present in church', was probably first used for the annual church services of some Scottish town councils, known as the Kirking of the Council. Since the re-establishment of the Scottish Parliament in 1999, the Kirking of the Parliament has become a fixed ceremony at the beginning of a session.
Historically a newly married couple would attend public worship as husband and wife for the first time at their kirking.
In Nova Scotia, Kirking of the Tartan ceremonies have become an integral part of most Scottish Festivals and Highland Games.
Place names
Kirk is found mainly as an element in many placenames of Scotland, England and countries of large British expatriate communities.
Scottish examples include Falkirk, Kirkwall and numerous Kirkhills and Kirktons. Examples in England are Ormskirk and Kirkby in Lancashire, and Kirkstall, Kirklees and Kirklevington in Yorkshire. Newkirk, Oklahoma state of the United States, is another example.
The element only found in place names of Anglo-Saxon origin but also in Anglo-Gaelic Southern Scottish names such as Kirkcudbright, a place around a Cudbright church. Here, the Gaelic element cil- (coming from a monk's cell) might have been expected to go with the Gaelic form of Cuthbert. The reason appears to be that kirk was borrowed into local Galwegian, it does not seem to have been a part of spoken Gaelic in the Highlands or Ireland.
When the element appears in placenames of the former British empire, a distinction can be made between those where the element is productive ( named after a church) or transferred – from a place in Britain. Kirkland, a city in the United States, is an exception, being named after the surname of an English settler, Peter Kirk.
The element kirk is also used in anglicisations of continental European place names, originally formed from one of the continental Germanic cognates. Dunkirk (French Flanders) is a rendering of Dutch West-Flemish dialect of Duunkerke or standard Dutch form of Duinkerke.
Personal names
Kirk is also in use as both a surname and a male forename. For lists of these, see Kirk (surname) and Kirk (given name), and also Kirkby (disambiguation). Parallels in other languages are far rarer than with placenames, but English Church and German Kirch can also be a surname.
See also
Kirk Party
References
Church of Scotland
Presbyterianism in Scotland
Scottish words and phrases
Khaos Legions is the eighth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. It was released on May 30, 2011, by Century Media. The record marks a return to new, original material, after releasing the Tyrants of the Rising Sun - Live in Japan live CD/DVD (2008) and The Root of All Evil (2009) which consisted of a selection of re-recorded songs from the band's back catalog. It is the band's ninth album counting the compilation.
Khaos Legions debuted at number 78 on the Billboard 200, selling around 6,000 copies. This surpasses both Doomsday Machine and Rise of the Tyrant, making it the band's highest-charting effort so far.
The album's single is "Yesterday Is Dead and Gone", and music videos have been released for "Yesterday Is Dead and Gone", "Bloodstained Cross", "Under Black Flags We March" and "Cruelty Without Beauty". This would be the band's last album with founding member and guitarist Christopher Amott before they parted ways with the band for the second time in March, 2012 to be replaced by former Arsis guitarist Nick Cordle. Also the last album with singer Angela Gossow before they stepped down as vocalist in March, 2014 to be succeeded by the Agonist singer Alissa White-Gluz.
Background and development
The album was produced by Arch Enemy and Rickard Bengtsson, who had previously worked with the band on their 2005 album Doomsday Machine. Recording sessions took place at the Sweet Spot Studio, Sweden. The mix was done by Andy Sneap in Derbyshire, England.
Drummer Daniel Erlandsson said about the album:
In January 2011, UK's Bonkers Entertainment caught up with the band at their headline show at the HMV Forum in London UK on November 27, 2010. This concert was the last stop on a three-year-long touring cycle for the "Rise Of The Tyrant" and "The Root Of All Evil" albums and in the interview the members of Arch Enemy discussed the upcoming recording of the new studio album, the song writing process and touring plans for 2011. During the conversation, the band also divulged the title of the new album to be "Khaos Legions".
This is the first (and only) Arch Enemy album to have lyrics written entirely by Angela Gossow, instead of a collaborative effort between them and Michael Amott. Lyrically the album focuses on various political and social themes like religion in the song "Bloodstained Cross", animal testing in "Cruelty Without Beauty" and anarchism in the songs "No Gods, No Masters" and "Under Black Flags We March" (the black flag is an anarchist symbol). Animal testing was also criticized in the video for the song "Cruelty Without Beauty" showing video footage from animal test laboratories.
Release and concept
Behind-the-scenes footage from the recording sessions for "Khaos Legions" leaked onto the internet and can be seen at the band's YouTube channel. The CD was tracked at Sweet Spot Studio in the south of Sweden with engineer Rickard Bengtsson (who produced 2005's "Doomsday Machine") and is scheduled for a May release via Century Media Records. The band's drummer Daniel Erlandsson previously stated about the new CD, "We had a very inspiring and creative time writing this album. I think this is definitely evident when listening to the new songs. There are tons of variation in the material, ranging all the way from very melodic to extremely heavy."
In the band's second studio update, bassist Sharlee D'Angelo said: "Ladies and gentlemen, the low end is firmly in place! After a long day of plowing through an absolutely massive array of bass guitars, different amps and cabs, and various other electronic gadgets, the choice finally fell on my white custom shop Ibanez Iceman run through an MXR Bass D.I.+ and an Aguilar Tonehammer into an Aguilar DB751 head and a DB810 cab, complemented by a Marshall VBC 412 cab, hidden behind a veritable forest of expensive microphones on serious looking mic stands. And the result? F**king awesome, people! Our engineer Rickard Bengtsson is an audio nerd with a rock'n'roll backbone who does not give up until they find what he's looking for – and thank f**k for that. Cause the songs on this album really need to be presented in the best way possible. Having laid down all the bass tracks now I just can't wait for everybody to hear the album, and to play all these songs live for you all! But we're not quite there yet, next up are blistering leads from the depths of hell"
Artwork
The artwork for this album was created by Brent Elliott White, and features a photo of the band cartooned in skeletons. According to Angela Gossow, it was inspired by Eugène Delacroix's Liberty Leading the People.
Promotion
Arch Enemy had confirmed several 2011 summer dates and festivals in support of their album, including newly added performances on Sonisphere Festivals in Sweden, UK and Spain.
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Angela Gossow − vocals
Michael Amott − guitars
Christopher Amott − guitars
Sharlee D'Angelo − bass
Daniel Erlandsson − drums
Guest
Per Wiberg − keyboards
Mikkel Sandager − backing vocals
Charts
Album charts
Release history
References
External links
Khaos Legions at Encyclopaedia Metallum
2011 albums
This is a list of public art on permanent public display in County Donegal, Ireland. The list applies only to works of public art accessible in a public space; it does not include artwork on display inside museums. Public art may include sculptures, statues, monuments, memorials, murals and mosaics.
Letterkenny
External links
Letterkenny Sculptor Centre
Culture in Letterkenny
Monuments and memorials in the Republic of Ireland
Donegal
Public art
The 2020 United States presidential election in Wisconsin was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Wisconsin voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Wisconsin has 10 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
The 2020 Democratic National Convention was scheduled to be held at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, but it was moved to the nearby Wisconsin Center due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Polls of Wisconsin in the lead-up to election day showed a clear Biden lead, averaging in the high single digits. Prior to polling day, most news organizations considered that the state was leaning towards Biden. Wisconsin was ultimately won by Biden by a narrow 0.63% margin over Trump, who had won it in 2016 by 0.77% against Hillary Clinton; however, Biden carried the state with a slightly larger margin than Al Gore or John Kerry did in either 2000 or 2004, respectively. Once again, Trump massively outperformed their polling average, which had Biden up 8.4 points in the state, but it was not enough to win it. Trump held their own in counties in northern Wisconsin and also in the WOW counties. Biden became the first Democrat to win the White House without the once-strongly Democratic counties of Kenosha and Forest since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 as well as the first to win without Pepin County since 1944. However, Biden won the highest vote share for a Democrat in Waukesha County, at 38.8%, since Jimmy Carter in 1976. Trump carried Brown County, which is Republican-leaning but competitive, though Biden won the city of Green Bay and improved on Clinton's margin in the county at large by about 3.7 points. Biden won back Sauk County, a county in the driftless region of southwestern Wisconsin; Biden also flipped Door County, which has voted for the winning candidate in each election since 1980, save for 1992.
On November 18, Trump announced that they would request a recount in Milwaukee County and Dane County. On November 29, both counties re-affirmed Biden's victory, giving them a net gain of 87 votes over Trump.
With Ohio, Florida, and Iowa backing the losing candidate for the first time since 1960, 1992, and 2000 respectively, this election established Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania as the states with the longest bellwether streak still in effect today. The last time any of them voted against the winning candidate was 2004, when all three voted for losing Democrat John Kerry.
Wisconsin weighed in for this election as 3.77% more Republican than the nation-at-large. This is the first time since 2004 that Wisconsin did not vote for the same candidate as neighboring Iowa.
Primary elections
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
Democratic primary
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus received all of Wisconsin's 52 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
2020 polls
2019 polls
Former candidates and hypothetical polling
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump, Joe Biden, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and generic Opponent
Green Party and Kanye West ballot access lawsuits
In August 2020, the bipartisan Wisconsin Elections Commission voted to keep rapper Kanye West, an independent presidential candidate, off of the 2020 general election ballot in a 5-1 decision on the basis that West's application arrived too late—arriving in person seconds after the deadline.
The Commission was split along party lines in a 3-3 decision to keep Howie Hawkins, the Green Party presidential candidate off of the 2020 general election ballot. Hawkins gathered 3,623 valid signatures; however, forms with 1,834 signatures had a different address for Hawkins' running mate Angela Walker. The partisan board voted only to certify the 1,789, placing Hawkins/Walker below the 2,000 signatures required to be on the ballot.
Walker subsequently filed a legal petition to be included on the ballot. On September 10, 2020, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that the election officials had to wait to mail absentee ballots until the court decided whether or not to include the Green Party on the ballot. Some municipal election commissions had already mailed out absentee ballots while others were concerned that they would miss the September 17 deadline by which Wisconsin state law required absentee ballots to mailed out to those who requested them. On September 14, 2020, the court ruled that the ballots would remain as-is without Hawkins or West on the ballot stating, "given their delay in asserting their rights, we would be unable to provide meaningful relief without completely upsetting the election."
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidates win the state:
Results
Between 2016 and 2020, the number of voters in Milwaukee suburban counties voting for the Democratic presidential candidate increased.
By county
Official results by county following recount.
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Door (the largest municipality: Sturgeon Bay)
Sauk (the largest municipality: Baraboo)
By congressional district
Trump won 6 out of 8 congressional districts in Wisconsin, including one held by a Democrat.
Edison exit polls
Analysis
Wisconsin has voted Republican in gubernatorial and senatorial elections a few times prior to 2016, but Wisconsin was still seen as a lean-Democratic state, as it had a blue streak going back to 1988 and had only gone Republican four times since 1964. As such, it made up part of the blue wall. Trump pulled off a surprise win in the state in 2016, in large part due to a collapse in support for Hillary Clinton in the state.
Both the Democratic and Republican candidates improved on their performances in the state in 2020, with Trump achieving a record total number of votes for a Republican candidate in the state of Wisconsin, nearly matching George W. Bush's 2004 performance in percentage. Conversely, Biden had the second most votes ever for a Democrat in Wisconsin, behind Obama's performance in 2008. While Biden's margin of victory was narrow (0.6%), and well behind Barack Obama's performances, it was nonetheless wider than Al Gore's 0.2% in 2000 and John Kerry's 0.4% in 2004.
Joe Biden received strong support in the city of Milwaukee, improving on Clinton's 2016 performance by 3.6 points in its county; Biden received 92% and 60% of the black and Latino vote respectively, with most of that electorate living in Milwaukee County. Both candidates performed well in the state with whites, with Trump carrying whites overall by 6 points, though Biden performed better with college-educated whites. Cementing Biden's victory was their strong performance in Dane County, which they carried by nearly 53 points. Biden would also carry La Crosse County by 13 points, Eau Claire County by 10 points, and flipped Sauk County and the bellwether Door County, while only losing Brown County by 7 points, winning the county seat Green Bay. Biden even made in-roads in Waukesha and Washington counties, nearly breaking 40% in the former and breaking 30% in the latter, though Trump still held these counties with large margins.
On the other hand, Trump was able to hold much of the Driftless region in southwestern Wisconsin; many of these counties, such as Vernon, Crawford, and Grant were reliably Democratic during the latter half of the 20th century, but Trump maintained their results from 2016, solidifying a Republican shift in this part of the state. Additionally, Trump performed strongly in the more traditionally conservative northern counties of Wisconsin. Finally, Trump kept Kenosha County in their column, with both candidates improving there; Kenosha County is significant, as it was the site of the Jacob Blake shooting, which triggered nationwide protests. Biden thus became the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying Kenosha County since Woodrow Wilson in 1916, and the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying Pepin County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944.
In terms of partisan lean, Biden was able to win 7% of Republicans in the state, which is significant, as they voted in this cycle by about 5 points more than Democrats. More importantly, Biden won independent voters by 12 points; Hillary Clinton lost this bloc to Trump by 10 points in 2016.
Aftermath
On November 6, Trump campaign manager Bill Stepien said: "There have been reports of irregularities in several Wisconsin counties which raise serious doubts about the validity of the results." No evidence of such "irregularities" has been provided by the Trump campaign.
On November 18, the Trump campaign wired nearly $3 million to the Wisconsin Election Commission in a petition for a partial recount of the 2020 presidential election results. The recount would take place in Milwaukee and Dane counties. "These two counties were selected because they are the locations of the worst irregularities," the campaign claimed in a release.
Milwaukee certified its recount results on November 27, 2020, and led to Joe Biden gaining a net 132 votes. Dane certified its recount results on November 29, 2020, and led to Donald Trump gaining a net 45 votes. In total, the recount across the two counties led to Joe Biden increasing their lead by an additional 87 votes.
In July 2022 the Wisconsin Supreme Court stated that despite their widespread use in the 2020 presidential election "ballot drop
boxes are illegal under Wisconsin statutes".
Electors
On November 30, Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers certified Wisconsin's electors for Biden. The following electors all cast their vote for Biden:
Meg Andrietsch
Shelia Stubbs
Ronald Martin
Mandela Barnes
Khary Penebaker
Mary Arnold
Patty Schachtner
Shannon Holsey
Tony Evers
Ben Wikler
See also
United States presidential elections in Wisconsin
Voter suppression in the United States 2019–2020: Wisconsin
2020 Wisconsin elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Voter samples and additional candidates
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. (describes bellwether Sauk County, Wisconsin)
External links
Wisconsin Elections Commission
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Wisconsin
2020
Presidential
Karel Meulemans (b. Retie, Belgium, 3 February 1934) is a Belgian pigeon fancier.
Biography
Early life
In 1946 moved Karel's parents, who were farmers, a farm on 3.5 hectares of land in Arendonk, (Belgium), where Karel Meulemans, to this day lives.
Their first steps in the sport at age 12, they under the impetus their uncle Jan Bols. They were initially successful, with the exception of some nice results were obtained with pigeons by Adriaan Wouters. In 1961, Karel finally visited with their father, the lofts of Jos van den Bosch in Berlaar (Belgium) where 5 pigeons were purchased. These birds would provide the basis for the breed Meulemans, together with a hen of Adriaan Wouters in 1969 was introduced in the formation of the duo-Wouters Meulemans.
Wouters-Meulemans
The main couple "Oude van den Bosch x Blue Janssen" was a host of top pigeons bred like Merckx, Junior, Kadet, Piet, Witneus, Schoon Donker, Liebling, Prins, Madelon and Benjamin. These pigeons were not only on the basis of the success of the Meulemans pigeons themselves, but also performed excellently in the lofts of many other seekers like Gommaire Verbruggen, Raymund Hermes, Willy Van Berendonck, William Geerts, Frans Moris, Stan Van Beemen, Horst Hackemer, Serge Van Elsacker, Hans & Ria Klessens De Lepper, Saville Penkin, Albert Babington, George Litherland Wain Lea Lofts, Alan Brassington, Herman Beverdam, Spencer Jackson, John Kirk, August & Frank Daelemans etc. Numerous victories and have won national and international Olympiad pigeons to breed Meulemans achieved. The peak years reached the Wouters-Meulemans team in 1973 and 1974 when prizes were 32 1st and won 180 prizes in the top 10. In 1975, however, came with the death of Adriaan Wouters an end to the cooperation. The Wouters-Meulemans pigeons collection semi-total sold.
Meulemans-Mariën
In 1976 however a new team formed between Karel and Adrian Wouter's son, Frans Mariën. Again took Karels, who had their hands full on their farm for the breeding of pigeons, while Frans was the playing member of the team. Between 1976 and 1980 earned the Marien-Meulemans successes as a team with that of the former Wouters-Meulemans team at least equaled. The dominance of Frans Marien and Karel Meulemans was such that in the Zuiderkempen in 1978 were excluded in the middle distance races. Besides the descendants of the so-called Golden Couple "Oude Van den Bosch x Blue Janssen" also brought the descendants of a new super breeding pair "Blue Saelen x Oude Bourgeske" excellent results. Frans Marien's method of play hard, sometimes up to 2/3 of the race pigeons lost during the season, made it to growing resentment among "breeder" Karel Meulemans. They are, however, do not have the time to end the cooperation. In April 1980 Frans Marien committed suicide for reasons still unclear. By a clause in the cooperation contract, all the racing and breeding pigeons want to be sold with 20 pigeons in a way, where Karles had to pay as much for the 20 pigeons they kept than their encores in the auction had raised. For their precious collection of breeding pigeons in part to save Karel Meulemans was thus a financial drain to undergo, which gave them for an aversion to playing in team with other fans.
Meulemans-Damen
From 1981 Karel was therefore had to collaborate with their daughter and son in law. Despite the fact that the new Meulemans-Dame duo could offer a nice loft breeders took until 1984 before a first prize Étampes of the comeback Meulemans pigeons announced. That same year they became Champion Middle Distance Yearlings in Arendonk. The success was short-lived. In 1985, 21 racing pigeons stolen from the loft, including 2 of the 4 pigeons that had helped win the championship. The heaviest blow cashed the loft Meulemans But the following year, when thieves, despite an alarm system, to get started with 29 top pigeons, including the legendary "Kadet". Between 1986 and 1989, Karel Meulemans not be anything other than breeding and again trying to build loft. They then right away took the opportunity to switch on long distance. These distances were actually always formed Karel's passion, but their former teammates Adriaan Wouters Frans Marien and never had to know something of the game at long distances.
the 90's
The Meulemans pigeons from the old line were now supplemented with pigeons from Karel Schellekens, Marien Pieterse, Georges Bolle and Van Gils. This "new" places Karel Meulemans pigeons early 90s back on the map with victories including Bourges, Montargis, Melun, Argenton and Limoges. A pigeon exchanges Leo Broeckx also showed a bull's eye. The Broeckx pigeons Karel had been the father of their pigeon Olympiad in Bazel in 1997. Broeckx 'pigeon was in turn to Karels's father loft "Jonge Kadet", 1st Limoges, Brive 1st and 2nd Chateauroux. Pigeons "Kadetje 2" (1st Bourges, 1st Argenton and 7th National Argenton) and "Den Brave" (first Narbonne, 1st Montauban and 1st Chateauroux) were the new superstars of the loft Meulemans. In 1995 put "Donkere Dax" the icing on the cake with a National win in Dax. Beautiful results from Brive and Cahors provided "Donkere Dax" the 8th National Ace Long Distance title. In 1996 a new golden trio born that Karel would be reminiscent of the happy years with Merckx, Junior and Kadet. "Pantani", "590" and "591" triumphed as the top long distance at Brive and Marseille. Their spectacular results gave Karel the highlight of their career. In 1999 they won the National Long Distance Championship. Karel Meulemans, the "Master Breeder" had finally proved that they are thus a "master player".
from 1999
Such a result is of course even repeating for a great champion is not easy. Since 1999, however, express the Meulemans pigeons regularly made their mark on the distance events. New victories in Marseille, Cahors, Montauban, Bordeaux, Béziers, etc. confirmed the continuing value of the Meulemans pigeons for the sport. Meanwhile, the race to evolve, driven by Karel. New hybrids, including the Florizoone pigeons, the future without securing the value of the "Oude van den Bosch x Blue Janssen" strain from losing sight.
Sources
Frank Daelemans, Karel Meulemans, het complete verhaal van een duivensport legende
1934 births
Living people
Belgian farmers
Pigeon fanciers
People from Retie
Sihăstria may refer to:
Sihăstria, a tributary of the Negrișoara in Suceava County, Romania
Sihăstrie, a tributary of the Vorona in Botoșani County, Romania
The spot-flanked barbet (Tricholaema lacrymosa) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
References
spot-flanked barbet
Birds of East Africa
spot-flanked barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bubble Yum is a brand of bubble gum marketed by The Hershey Company. Introduced in 1975 by Life Savers, the bubble gum was the first soft bubble gum created. It was created by a homemaker in Fisk, Missouri, who named it "rubber bubblegum". They gave some to their son to pass out at school. They soon sold the recipe to the Life Savers candy division in St. Louis.
History
In 1977, rumors began to spread that the gum's soft, chewable secret was the addition of spider eggs. The Life Savers Company addressed the issue with an official full-page rebuttal printed in prominent U.S. newspapers (including The New York Times), to dispel the rumor and restore public confidence. Sales of the gum soon surpassed sales of Life Savers candy, and it became the most popular bubble gum brand. Nabisco bought Life Savers in 1981, and The Hershey Company acquired the Bubble Yum brand in 2000.
Mascot
Bubble Yum's official mascot is Floyd D. Duck, an anthropomorphic punk-style duck character.
References
External links
The Hershey Company brands
Brand name confectionery
Chewing gum
Products introduced in 1975
Urban legends
Kevin Francis is a British film and television producer.
They have worked in the cinema as a production manager and producer and in television as a producer and executive producer. They founded the production company Tyburn Film Productions Limited. Their father was cinematographer and film director Freddie Francis.
Filmography
Dracula Has Risen from the Grave (1968) (uncredited)
And Now for Something Completely Different (1971) (production manager) ... Monty Python's And Now for Something Completely Different (UK: complete title)
Persecution (1974) (producer) ... a.k.a. Sheba, The Graveyard, The Terror of Sheba
The Ghoul (1975) (producer) ... a.k.a. The Thing in the Attic
Legend of the Werewolf (1975) (producer)
The Masks of Death (1984) (executive producer)
Murder Elite (1985) (executive producer)
Peter Cushing: A One-Way Ticket to Hollywood (1989) (executive producer)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Francis, Freddie
The Kursaal Flyers were a British pop band, formed in Southend-on-Sea in 1973. They are most famous for their 1976 single "Little Do They Know" (which was a top 20 hit) and were the subject of a BBC documentary following them on tour in 1975.
Original members
Paul Shuttleworth (born 24 December 1947, London) - vocals
Richie Bull (born Richard Bull, 23 October 1948, Corringham, Essex) - banjo
Graeme Douglas (born Graeme John Douglas, 22 January 1950, Rochford, Essex) - lead guitar, later replaced by Barry Martin
Will Birch (born William Birch, 12 September 1948, in Stratford, London) - drums
Vic Collins (born Victor Collins, 10 September 1950, Rochford, Essex) - pedal steel guitar
Dave Hatfield - bass guitar (left in 1974)
Career
The group formed when Shuttleworth, Douglas, Birch, Collins, Bull and Hatfield, who had all performed locally in various combinations around Southend, got together in October 1973 to form a new band. They made their first appearance together as the Kursaal Flyers – named after the imitation train which was used to advertise Southend's famous amusement hall, the Kursaal, which had recently closed – at the Blue Boar pub in Victoria Avenue, Southend-on-Sea, in February 1974, mainly playing covers of country rock songs but over time increasingly writing their own material.
Through contacts in the band with Dr. Feelgood, they played some support slots in London, where they were seen by influential agents and songwriters. All bar Hatfield turned professional at the start of 1975, signed for Jonathan King's UK Records, and released their first album Chocs Away. Although the singles "Speedway" and "Hit Records" received some airplay, the band failed to garner any commercial success. Their second album, The Great Artiste, also sold poorly.
Nevertheless the band developed a solid live reputation on the London pub rock scene, with an eclectic mixture of original material and cover versions, fronted by Paul Shuttleworth's "wide boy" persona.
In 1976, they signed with the CBS label, and recorded their third album, The Golden Mile, with record producer Mike Batt. One of their songs, "Little Do They Know", was singled out by Batt for an over-the-top Phil Spector style production. Paul Conroy, the band's then manager, arranged for the group to perform the song on BBC Television's Top of the Pops in November 1976, surrounded by giant detergent boxes and laundry machines. The single became their only hit record, reaching number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
However, Graeme Douglas was concerned about the over-commercialisation of the group's music and left to join Eddie and the Hot Rods, being replaced by Barry Martin.
The group toured widely and issued another album, Five Live Kursaals, but failed to gain any further commercial success and, after numerous personnel changes, the band disintegrated in late 1977.
Following the Kursaals' demise, Shuttleworth released several solo records, Douglas enjoyed success with Eddie and the Hot Rods, and Birch formed the Records. The group reformed for tours in 1985 and 1988, and in 2001 they reformed on a more permanent basis. In 2009, Collins became manager of Back To Square One, an adolescent four-piece rock band from Shoeburyness and Great Wakering in Southend. In 2003, Shuttleworth and Collins formed the Country Rock band the Ugly Guys, with former Jerry the Ferret guitarist Steve Oliver, Andy Farrell, bass, ex of the Hamsters and Bob Clouter on drums.
Discography
Studio albums
Chocs Away! (1975, UK Records)
The Great Artiste (1976, UK Records)
Golden Mile (1976, CBS)
A Former Tour de Force is Forced to Tour (1988, Waterfront Records)
Live albums
Five Live Kursaals (1977, CBS)
Singles
See also
Canvey Island
List of performers on Top of the Pops
List of Peel sessions
Fairport's Cropredy Convention Appearances
References
External links
[ Biography] at AllMusic
History of the Kursaal
1973 establishments in England
1977 disestablishments in England
English rock music groups
Music in Southend-on-Sea
Musical groups established in 1973
Musical groups disestablished in 1977
British pub rock music groups
Hpapun District (Phlone ; ); or Mutraw District () is a district of the Karen State in Myanmar. Area 6.722,5 km2. The principal town is Hpapun. According to 2014 Myanmar Census, the total population in Hpapun District is 35,085.
Townships and towns
The district contains the following townships and towns:
Hpapun Township
Hpapun
Kamamaung
References
External links
Kayin State - District Map Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Districts of Myanmar
Kayin State
Leonard Merrick (21 February 1864 – 7 August 1939) was an English novelist. Although largely forgotten today, they were widely admired by their peers; J. M. Barrie called Merrick the "novelist's novelist."
Life
They were born as Leonard Miller in Belsize Park, London of Jewish parentage. After schooling at Brighton College, they studied to be a solicitor in Brighton and studied law at Heidelberg, but they were forced to travel to South Africa at the age of eighteen after their father suffered a serious financial loss. There they worked as an overseer in the Kimberley diamond mine and in a solicitor's office. After surviving a near-fatal case of "camp fever," they returned to London in the late 1880s and worked as an actor and actor-manager under the stage name of Leonard Merrick. They legally changed their name to Leonard Merrick in 1892. They later worked their experiences in South Africa and in the theatre into numerous works of fiction. Merrick's novels include Mr Bazalgette's Agent (1888), a detective story; Violet Moses (1891), about a Jewish financier and their troubled wife; The Worldlings (1900), a psychological investigation of a crime; Conrad in Quest of Their Youth (1903), the tale of a disillusioned man who, at thirty-seven, sets out to pick up the romantic threads of their younger life, it is "judged their most successful work" according to John Sutherland. George Orwell thought that this is because it is one of the few of their books which is not set against a background of poverty.
Merrick was well regarded by other writers of their era. In 1918 fifteen writers, including famous authors such as H. G. Wells, J. M. Barrie, G. K. Chesterton and William Dean Howells, collaborated with publisher E. P. Dutton to issue "The Works of Leonard Merrick" in fifteen volumes, which were published between 1918 and 1922. Each volume in the series was selected and prefaced by one of the writers. In 2009 a biography was issued titled Leonard Merrick: A Forgotten Novelist's Novelist by William Baker and Jeannettes Robert Shumaker. The title is taken in part from a quote by J. M. Barrie who called Merrick a "novelist's novelist." William Dean Howells wrote of Merrick "I can think of no recent fictionist of their nation who can quite match with Mr. Merrick in that excellence [of "shapeliness" or form in the novel]. This will seem great praise, possibly too great, to the few who have a sense of such excellence; but it will probably be without real meaning to most, though our public might well enjoy form if it could once be made to imagine it."
George Orwell, while describing Merrick as a "good bad writer", rather than a strictly good writer, admitted to a great admiration for their work; they particularly praised Cynthia (which was also a favourite of Chesterton's), the story of a struggling writer and their wife, and The Position of Peggy Harper, with its portrayal of the unromantic side of provincial theatre. In Orwell's view, nobody conveyed better than Merrick how dreary and dispiriting an actor's life can be. Graham Greene, another admirer, had recruited Orwell to write an introduction to any work by Merrick while Greene was publisher for Eyre & Spottiswoode in 1944. Orwell offered to write one for The Position of Peggy Harper, but it wasn't meant to be.
At least eleven of Merrick's stories have been adapted to screen, most in the 1920s, including Conrad in Quest of Their Youth (1920) directed by William C. deMille. Later adaptions include a 1931 film The Magnificent Lie based on the story "Laurels and the Lady", and a 1952 TV episode called "Masquerade" for Lux Video Theatre based on the story "The Doll in the Pink Silk Dress".
Merrick died at the age of 75, in a London nursing home on 7 August 1939, just 12 days before the start of World War II.
Works
Novels
Mr Bazalgette's Agent (1888)
Violet Moses (1891)
The Man Who Was Good (1892)
Cynthia (1896)
One Man's View (1897)
The Actor-Manager (1898)
The Worldlings (1900)
Conrad in Quest of Their Youth (1903)
The Quaint Companions (1903)
The House of Lynch (1907)
The Position of Peggy Harper (1911)
When Love Flies Out the Window (1914)
Short story collections
This Stage of Fools (1896)
Whispers About Women (1906)
The Man Who Understood Women (1908)
While Paris Laughed (1918)
A Chair on the Boulevard (1919)
To Tell You the Truth (1922)
The Call from the Past and Other Stories (1924)
Four Stories (1927)
The Little Dog Laughed (1930)
Plays
The Free Pardon written with F. C. Philips
When the Lamps are Lighted
My Innocent Boy
The Elixir of Youth
A Woman in the Case written with George R. Sims
Filmography
, directed by George Abbott and Dell Henderson (1918, based on the play The Imposter)
The Worldlings, directed by Eric Harrison (UK, 1920, based on the novel The Worldlings)
Conrad in Quest of Their Youth, directed by William C. deMille (1920, based on the novel Conrad in Quest of Their Youth)
Fool's Paradise, directed by Cecil B. DeMille (1921, based on the story Laurels and the Lady)
A Daughter of Luxury, directed by Paul Powell (1922, based on the play The Imposter)
The Darling of the Rich, directed by John G. Adolfi (1922, based on the play The Imposter)
A Thief in Paradise, directed by George Fitzmaurice (1925, based on the novel The Worldlings)
School for Wives, directed by Victor Halperin (1925, based on the novel The House of Lynch)
The Magnificent Lie, directed by Berthold Viertel (1931, based on the story Laurels and the Lady)
Notes
External links
Life magazine .
1864 births
1939 deaths
19th-century English novelists
20th-century English novelists
19th-century British short story writers
20th-century British short story writers
English Jewish writers
Jewish novelists
Writers from London
People educated at Brighton College
English male novelists
19th-century English male writers
20th-century English male writers
705 Naval Air Squadron was first formed as a flight in 1936 from No 447 Flight Royal Air Force and operated Swordfish torpedo bombers from battlecruisers. It achieved squadron status in 1939 before being disbanded in 1940. The squadron was re-formed briefly in 1945 and then again in 1947 as a fleet requirements unit to evaluate naval use of helicopters. Since the 1950s the squadron has been involved in the basic training of helicopter aircrew, and currently forms part of No. 1 Flying Training School at RAF Shawbury.
History
Pre-war and World War II (1936–1945)
705 Squadrons was formed from No 447 Flight Royal Air Force, standing up in June 1936. Operational control of naval aviation was returned to the Royal Navy on 30 July 1937, and during this period the squadron operated the Fairey Swordfish biplane torpedo bomber from the battlecruisers Repulse and Renown. The aircraft were equipped with floats so that they could be launched from the ships by catapult and then recovered from the water by crane. 705 achieved squadron status in 1939. Early in World War II the squadron saw service protecting troop convoys and hunting raiders on the North America and West Indies Station. After disembarkation to RNAS Lee-on-Solent in 1939, the squadron was disbanded in 1940. 705 Naval Air Squadron was briefly reformed in 1945 and carried out the role of torpedo training.
Fleet Requirements Unit (1947–1950)
In May 1947, 705 Squadrons was re-commissioned at RNAS Gosport with the Sikorsky Hoverfly element from 771 NAS. At first the squadron operated as a fleet requirements unit, and was responsible for the evaluation of the helicopter for use at sea. On 1 February 1947 Lieutenant K Reed carried out the first helicopter deck landing on a Royal Navy ship when they landed on HMS Vanguard off Portland.
Helicopter flying training (1950–1997)
The squadron gradually became responsible for the basic flying training of Royal Naval helicopter pilots and was re-equipped during the 1950s with the Westland Dragonfly, the Hiller HT1 and the Sikorsky S55. The squadron moved to RNAS Culdrose in 1957 where the later marks of Hiller and Whirlwind were introduced. These types were replaced in 1974 by the Westland Gazelle HT.2. Between 1975 and 1992 the instructors of the squadron performed as the 'Sharks' helicopter display team at up to 20 air displays every year both in the UK and abroad.
Tri-service basic flying training (1997–2018)
In April 1997 705 NAS disbanded and reformed at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire as part of the Defence Helicopter Flying School (DHFS), flying the Eurocopter Squirrel HT Mk 1 helicopter.
UKMFTS (2018 – present)
Remaining as part of DHFS but now forming one of the elements of the UK Military Flying Training System (UKMFTS), the Squadron began flying the H135 Juno HT Mk1 in April 2018.
Current role
Within No. 1 Flying Training School (1 FTS) and under 2 Maritime Air Wing (2 MAW), 705 Squadrons provides basic and advanced rotary wing flying training for all three services pilots and rear crew. As the busiest Squadron within 1 FTS, 705 Squadrons teaches both pilots and crewman a vast number of different disciplines including advanced handling, instrument flying, medium and low level navigation, mountain flying and night flying including low level navigation with NVD.
In addition to pure flying training, 705 Squadrons also provides a naval focus for naval aircrew operating within an otherwise joint service and largely civilian-run organisation. The Squadron is commanded by a Royal Navy Lieutenant Commander, and has a Royal Navy "Senior Pilot", while the Flight Commander billets are filled in by Qualified Helicopter Instructors from any of the three services. Naval graduates of DHFS are streamed towards Leonardo Merlin – MPH, Leonardo Merlin – Commando or Leonardo Wildcat AH / Wildcat HMA training Squadrons.
Aircraft flown
The squadron has flown a number of aircraft types since its formation, including:
Blackburn Shark II/SP
Fairey Swordfish I/SP & III
Sikorsky Hoverfly I & II
Saunders-Roe Skeeter
Westland Dragonfly HR.1, HR.3 & HR.5
Hiller HT.1 & HT.2
Sikorsky S55
Westland Whirlwind HAS.22, HAR.1, HAR.3 & HAS.7
Westland Wasp HAS.1
Westland Gazelle HT.2
Eurocopter Squirrel
Airbus H-135 Juno HT.1
Commanders
Lt Cdr Becky Frater (2013 – July 2015)
Lt Cdr Scott Hughes (July 2015 – July 2017)
Lt Cdr Matt Robinson (July 2017 – October 2017)
Lt Cdr Paul Ryan (April 2018 – December 2019)
Lt Cdr Phil Crompton (January 2020 - Present)
References
External links
Official Website
700 series Fleet Air Arm squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1936
Military of the United Kingdom in Cornwall
Air squadrons of the Royal Navy in World War II
Flying training squadrons
Hydrometeorological Institute of Montenegro (Montenegrin: Hidrometeorološki zavod Crne Gore or HMZCG) is the national hydrological and meteorological service of Montenegro.
History
The first systematic measuring in free Montenegro was conducted on 1 September 1882 in Podgorica and was organized by Dr. Petar Miljanić. The measuring included basic climate elements, atmospheric temperature, precipitation, humidity, atmospheric pressure and wind direction. At the same time, during 1882, meteorological measuring started in towns of Bar and Ulcinj for the maritime purposes. As of 1887, the measuring also started in the towns of Cetinje and Nikšić, and later on in other urban parts of the Principality of Montenegro. A central meteorological service in Montenegro was established in 1931 and was operational until 1941.
Upon adoption of a Decree on Establishment of Hydrometeorological service in Montenegro, the Hydrometeorological Institute started with operations on 20 December 1947 as a governmental agency. Precipitation, maritime, meteorological, climatological, synoptical, agrometeorological and hydrological stations that were controlled by the army fell under the competence of the Hydrometeorological Institute.
Today, the Hydrometeorological Institute of Montenegro (HMZCG) has been organized in four sectors with 114 full-time employees. In the network of stations including 120 meteorological stations, 40 hydrological stations, 36 water quality stations and 17 air quality stations, there are 49 full-time employees, with over a 100 part-time observers being engaged in observing, measuring and collecting of meteorological, hydrological and ecological parameters. 65 employees work in expert units of the Institute in Podgorica.
References
External links
Hydrometeorological Institute of Montenegro
Environment of Montenegro
Governmental meteorological agencies in Europe
Organisations based in Montenegro
Hacımuslu, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 7, 1922. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Democrats improved considerably from their performances in 1918, with William B. Ross winning the gubernatorial election and almost all of their statewide candidates outpacing their 1918 nominees. However, Republicans held all of the other statewide offices.
Governor
Incumbent Republican Governor Robert D. Carey ran for re-election to a second term. However, they were defeated in the Republican primary by banker Frank Hay. In the general election, William B. Ross, the Democratic nominee and the former Laramie County Attorney, narrowly defeated Hay. However, Ross would not serve a full term as Governor; they died on October 2, 1924, triggering a special election the next month, which their wife, Nellie Tayloe Ross, won.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State William E. Chaplin opted to not seek re-election, and instead managed Congressman Frank W. Mondell's unsuccessful campaign for the U.S. Senate. A crowded Republican primary developed to replace him, with State Senator Frank E. Lucas, L. Curtis Hinkle, and State Treasurer A. D. Hoskins all running. The primary was quite close, and Lucas was not declared the winner over Hinkle for several weeks. In the general election, Lucas faced Cheyenne Mayor Edwin P. Taylor, the Democratic nominee. Following a close campaign, Lucas narrowly defeated Taylor to win election as Secretary of State. During Lucas's term, Governor Ross would die in office, temporarily (and briefly) elevating Lucas to the governorship.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edwin P. Taylor, Mayor of Cheyenne
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Frank E. Lucas, State Senator from Johnson County
L. Curtis Hinkle, Deputy Secretary of State, former State Representative from Laramie County
A. D. Hoskins, Wyoming State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent State Auditor I. C. Jefferis, a Republican first elected in 1918, ran for re-election to a second term. They faced a strong challenge in the Republican primary from Deputy Attorney General Vincent Carter, and narrowly lost renomination to Carter. In the general election, they faced G. H. Little, the Democratic nominee, and defeated them by a narrow margin to win their first of two terms as State Auditor.
Democratic primary
Candidates
G. H. Little
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Vincent Carter, Deputy State Attorney General
I. C. Jefferis, incumbent State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer A. D. Hoskins was unable to seek re-election due to term limits, and instead waged an unsuccessful campaign for Secretary of State. State Highway Commissioner John M. Snyder emerged as the Republican nominee, and faced former Sheridan City Commissioner Harry A. Loucks in the general election. Snyder, like most other statewide Republican candidates, ended up narrowly defeating Loucks.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Harry A. Loucks, former Sheridan City Commissioner
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
John M. Snyder, State Highway Commissioner
Jesse Crosby
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Republican Superintendent of Public Instruction Katharine A. Morton ran for re-election to a second term. They were challenged in the Republican primary by Mrs. Cyrus Beard, the former Superintendent of Schools for the city of Evanston. Morton defeated Beard by a wide margin and advanced to the general election, where they were opposed by the Democratic nominee, teacher Cecilia H. Hendricks. Unlike every other Republican candidate, Morton won their race in a landslide, improving on their performance from 1918.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Cecilia H. Hendricks, teacher
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Katharine A. Morton, incumbent Superintendent of Instruction
Mrs. Cyrus Beard, former Superintendent of Evanston Schools
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Haruka Tateishi (立石 晴香 Tateishi Haruka, born September 28, 1994 in Osaka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese actor and model who is currently represented by Hirata Office.  They are well known for their role as Amu/Zyuoh Tiger in the 40th entry of the Super Sentai series, Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger.
Biography
In 2007, Tateishi won the Grand Prix award in the 11th Model Audition for the Japanese magazine Nicola, aimed towards girls of young age. They subsequently began modeling for the magazine in the first October issue of the same year. They first got on the cover of the magazine in the September 2008 issue. Tateishi graduated from Nicola as a model in April 2011. They became an exclusive model of Seventeen from June 2011 onwards.
Tateishi graduated from Seventeen magazines in October 2013. They also left Ever Green Creative, their management company at the time, and announced their retirement from the entertainment industry. During retirement, they got a job at a general company and familiarized themselves with the environment and gained experience from working with others.
In late 2015, it was announced that they came out of their retirement and was cast as Amu/Zyuoh Tiger in Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger, the 40th entry of Toei Company's long running Super Sentai franchise. The season began airing in early February 2016.
In January 2022 they left Hirata Office. On the 8th of July 2022 they announced that they had signed up with the company "For You" as their new management.
Filmography
Magazines
Movies
Others
Dramas
Stage shows
Advertisements
Events
References
External links
Japanese female models
21st-century Japanese actores
1994 births
Living people
People from Osaka Prefecture
I Musici de Montréal is a Canadian chamber orchestra, founded in 1984 by cellist and conductor Yuli Turovsky.
About
I Musici de Montréal Chamber Orchestra has been sharing its passion for classical music for over 35 years. The 15 exceptional musicians who make up the orchestra bring to life a varied repertoire ranging from the 17th century to the present day, accompanied by their principal guest conductor and artistic advisor Jean-François Rivest. Their extraordinary amount of activity places I Musici de Montréal among the most important touring orchestras in Canada.
With a program based on tradition, originality and innovation, the Orchestra stands out for the place it gives to numerous emerging and renowned artists with whom it partners to offer you a colorful and meaningful musical experience. I Musici de Montréal has built a solid reputation thanks to its numerous international tours and 40 recordings that meet the highest standards. The Orchestra also acts as a creative catalyst within the city of Montreal and continues to strengthen its roots in the community by collaborating with various organizations and schools on its territory.
Under the dynamic and visionary direction of Maestro Yuli Turovsky, who also performed as cello soloist with the orchestra, I Musici de Montréal has performed in some of the greatest halls in the world: New York's Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall, the Gewandhaus in Leipzig, the Seiji Ozawa Hall in Tanglewood, the Tonhalle in Zürich, the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Brussels, the Kioi Hall in Tokyo and the Conservatoire de Musique in Luxembourg, among others. Public enthusiasm and critical acclaim underlining the precision, cohesion and virtuosity of their performance as well as the brilliant and distinctive sound of the orchestra confirm I Musici de Montréal's importance on the world's musical stage.
From 2011 to 2020 the principal conductor of I Musici de Montréal has been Jean-Marie Zeitouni.
In 2020, Jean-François Rivest. was appointed the role of artistic advisor and principal guest conducteur.
Awards
Since its beginnings, I Musici de Montréal has released more than 40 CDs for the Chandos and Analekta Record Labels that are distributed in more than 50 countries around the world. These recordings have won the orchestra and Maestro Turovsky many awards, including a Diapason d'Or for their 1988 recording of Dmitri Shostakovich's 14th Symphony and a 1992 Penguin Guide Rosette for their Concerti grossi, Op. 6 by George Frideric Handel. I Musici de Montréal's recording of Handel has since become a reference recording of the highest standard.
In December 1998, the Conseil Québécois de la Musique gave two Opus Awards to the orchestra for Recording Event of the Year and Best Recording - contemporary music for a CD grouping works by Henryk Górecki, Arvo Pärt and Alfred Schnittke. In 1999, I Musici de Montréal was awarded the Grand Prix by the Montreal Urban Community for their exceptional contribution to music presentation in and around Montreal.
In August 2001, BBC Music Magazine named as their CD of the Month I Musici de Montréal's 40th CD, a recording of Nikolai Myaskovsky, Schnittke and Edison Denisov, calling it a Russian tour de force. In April 2002, I Musici was nominated for another Canadian Juno Award as Best Classical Album of the Year, this after having won a Juno for their recording of Alberto Ginastera, Heitor Villa-Lobos and José Evangelista.
References
External links
Official website
L'agence d'À Côté
Canadian orchestras
Chamber orchestras
Musical groups from Montreal
Musical groups established in 1983
Juno Award for Classical Album of the Year – Large Ensemble or Soloist(s) with Large Ensemble Accompaniment winners
1983 establishments in Quebec
Night Falls Over Kortedala is the second studio album by Swedish indie pop musician Jens Lekman. Described as "a collection of recordings 2004–2007" on Lekman's website and in the album's liner notes, Night Falls Over Kortedala was released in Scandinavia on the label Service on 5 September 2007 and worldwide on 9 October 2007 through Secretly Canadian.
The subject matter includes Lekman's first kiss—supposedly at age 19 ("And I Remember Every Kiss")—and being introduced as the boyfriend of their lesbian friend to their parents ("A Postcard to Nina"), as well as songs about "sublime haircuts, out-of-office replies, avocado-related mishaps and asthma inhalers", as described in a Pitchfork write-up on the album.
Release
On 25 July 2007, Night Falls Over Kortedala was announced with a release date of 5 September through Lekman's Swedish label Service. Pre-orders for the Swedish release also include a digital bonus EP, Kalendervägen 113.D, a one track acoustic medley which, according to Lekman, includes "two unreleased songs on it 'The Rain Has Got to Fall' and 'Our Last Swim in the Ocean' as well as a couple of songs from Night Falls... and a Paul Simon song from Graceland I thought was suitable. It's me, a guitar and a loop pedal, nothing else. For those of you who prefer it more au naturale."
Prior to the album's release, the song "Friday Night at the Drive-In Bingo" was released as a limited edition 7-inch single on 14 July 2007 and as a digital single on 31 July. "Sipping on the Sweet Nectar" was released as a digital single featuring remixes of the track on 15 June 2008.
Discontinued album
On March 15, 2022, Jens Lekman announced that they will be discontinuing the album. An announcement gives no reason for the album's deletion, and simply states that it will no longer be available in any digital or physical formats after March 21, 2022. According to the press release from label Secretly Canadian, "Jens Lekman's Night Falls Over Kortedala is leaving this life and heading into eternity. Purchase the record, download the digital album, and stream it for the very last time by March 21st."
On March 21, Secretly Canadian hosted a final listening party on its YouTube channel at 11 a.m. ET.
On April 27, Lekman announced that they would reissue Night Falls Over Kortedala under the title The Linden Trees Are Still In Blossom, for a digital release on May 4 and a physical release on June 3.
Critical reception
Night Falls Over Kortedala received widespread acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 80, based on 27 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". Mark Richardson of Pitchfork felt that the album's "vinyl-crackling arrangements" and "wry, sometimes melancholic observations" make for "Lekman's best record, one likely to captivate even those who were skeptical of their previous releases". Tim Sendra of AllMusic hailed Night Falls Over Kortedala as Lekman's best album to date, calling it "witty, pretty, silly, and wise; and filled with instantly memorable melodies, thrilling moments of surprise in the arrangements, and laugh-out-loud lyrics". The Guardians Betty Clarke praised the album as "audacious and beautiful", concluding that "pop is rarely as genuinely affecting, joyful or good as this." Robert Christgau, writing for MSN Music, said of Lekman: "Loaded with talent, heart and personality, he's an eccentric who still thinks the world is their friend, and one more sweet argument for the civilized compromises of democratic socialism."
Ryan Dombal of Blender wrote that Lekman "uses their tender touch to brilliantly tease out the bumbling awkwardness that defines modern love" and described them as "a hopeless romantic unafraid to poke fun at their own hopelessness", while Adrian Begrand of PopMatters called them "a first-rate songwriter and the best lyricist this side of Jarvis Cocker and Craig Finn". Entertainment Weekly critic Leah Grenblatt praised the album's sound as "a swirl of sparkly '60s orchestration and horns – an achievement worth a thousand days of Night." The A.V. Clubs Keith Phipps was more reserved in their praise, writing that Lekman's "straight from the heart" approach is "frequently endearing and occasionally embarrassing, or sometimes both at once."
Night Falls Over Kortedala placed at number 23 on The Village Voices Pazz & Jop critics' poll. Pitchfork placed it at number 153 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s. The album also made Pastes 50 Best Albums of the 2000s, entering the list at number 43. In 2019, the album was ranked 60th on The Guardian'''s 100 Best Albums of the 21st Century list.
Track listing
Sample credits
"And I Remember Every Kiss" contains samples of "Theme from The Sand Pebbles", written by Leslie Bricusse and Jerry Goldsmith and performed by Enoch Light.
"Sipping on the Sweet Nectar" contains samples of "By the Time I Get to Phoenix", written by Jimmy Webb and performed by Willie Rosario, and "Dai Ndiri Shiri", performed by Patrick Mkwamba & the Four Brothers.
"Into Eternity" contains samples of "Hambu Hodo", written and performed by Renaldo and the Loaf.
"I'm Leaving You Because I Don't Love You" contains samples of "Take No Heroes", written and performed by The Tough Alliance.
"It Was a Strange Time in My Life" contains samples of a home recording of Lekman as a child, recorded by Lars-Eric Lindskog.
Personnel
Credits for Night Falls Over Kortedala'' adapted from liner notes.
Jens Lekman – writing, performance, production, recording
Additional personnel
Björn Almgren – saxophone
Emma Bates – backing vocals
Clare Canzoneri – harp
Magnus Carlson – backing vocals
El Perro Del Mar – backing vocals
Stefan Fält – artwork and design
Johan Forsman – mastering, mixing
Markus Görsch – drums
Lars-Erik Grimelund – drums
Ellen Hjalmarsson – violin, strings
Frida Hyvönen – backing vocals
Tammy Karlsson – drums, bongos, photography
Karin Krantz – trombone
Michael Leonhart – backing vocals
Kristin Lidell – trumpet, accordion
Ulrika Mild – backing vocals
Mikaela Robsahm – cello
Ida Rosén – viola
Viktor Sjöberg – handclaps
Stefan Sporsén – brass
Ben Swanson – handclaps
Frida Thurfjell – saxophone
Elsa Wikström – violin
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Jens Lekman's homepage
2007 albums
Jens Lekman albums
Secretly Canadian albums
Service (record label) albums
Shipton Lee is a hamlet and former civil parish, now in the parish of Quainton, in the Aylesbury Vale district, in the county of Buckinghamshire, England. In 1881 the parish had a population of 61. From 1866 to 1886 Shipton Lee was a civil parish in its own right.
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Former civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Aylesbury Vale
Alright Guy is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Gary Allan. It was released in October 2001 via MCA Records Nashville. It produced three singles. The album's first single, "Man of Me", reached number 18 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. The second single, "The One", became Allan's second Top 5 hit with a peak at number 3. The third and final single, "Man to Man", became Allan's first number one hit. Like their previous album, Smoke Rings in the Dark (1999), Alright Guy was also certified platinum by the RIAA.
The title track was written by Todd Snider and originally appeared on their 1994 album Songs for the Daily Planet. "What I'd Say" was a number 1 hit for Earl Thomas Conley in 1989 from their 1988 album The Heart of It All. "What's on My Mind" was later recorded by Blake Shelton on their 2004 album Blake Shelton's Barn & Grill. "What Would Willie Do" had been released a month prior by the songwriter, Bruce Robison, on their 2001 Country Sunshine album.
Track listing
Personnel
Gary Allan - lead vocals
Chad Cromwell - drums
Jake Kelly - acoustic guitar
Joe Manuel - acoustic guitar
Steve Nathan - keyboards
Michael Rhodes - bass guitar
Brent Rowan - electric guitar
John Wesley Ryles - background vocals
Hank Singer - fiddle, mandolin
Harry Stinson - background vocals
Robby Turner - steel guitar
John Willis - acoustic guitar
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
See also
AOL Music
2001 albums
Gary Allan albums
Albums produced by Tony Brown (record producer)
Albums produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
MCA Records albums
Suvankar Bal (born 3 November 1995) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Bengal in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. They made their List A debut on 27 February 2021, for Bengal in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Bengal cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ben Stephen Oakley (born 9 May 1982) is an Australian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 22 December 2013, for the Adelaide Strikers, in the 2013–14 Big Bash League season.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Adelaide Strikers cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The bare-cheeked trogon (Apaloderma aequatoriale) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae found in the rainforests of central Africa.
Description
The bare-cheeked trogon has bare yellow skin below its eyes and between its eyes and bill. The head, back and upper tail are green, the chest is red, and it has finely barred wings.
The vocalisations are described as a series of six to ten descending coo notes.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and Nigeria. The bare-cheeked trogon lives in interior regions of lowland rainforests.
References
bare-cheeked trogon
Birds of Central Africa
bare-cheeked trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Live by Request is a television show on the A&E Network from 1996 to 2004. On it, notable artists hold concerts where the set list would be determined by viewer phone calls. The show was created based on an idea by Tony Bennett. Bennett starred in its first episode, which ran on Valentine's Day 1996; during that episode, 1.5 million calls came in from viewers with requests. The show won the Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program in 1996. It also won a CableACE Award. Mark McEwen hosted the show.
Johnny Mathis appearance holds the record for the most viewers watching on live TV and is now available on DVD release.
Some the show's performances would be released as albums of the same name by the artists, including:
Blondie
k.d. lang (2000)
Kenny Rogers
Tony Bennett (1997)
Barry Manilow (2003)
Other performers on the show, which has run on an as-appropriate basis, have included Johnny Mathis, Chicago (band), Hall & Oates, David Bowie, Elvis Costello, Eurythmics, The Bee Gees, John Fogerty, Don Henley, Elton John, B. B. King, Lyle Lovett, John Mellencamp, Vince Gill, Santana, Gloria Estefan, Phil Collins, Michael Bolton, Neil Diamond, James Taylor, Trisha Yearwood, Reba McEntire, Earth, Wind & Fire, and Vanessa Williams.
In November 2009, PBS broadcast a John Fogerty concert under the Live By Request series as a pledge drive event.
References
External links
Episode summaries by A&E
Pop music television series
A&E (TV network) original programming
1997 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
English-language television shows
A micro lathe (also styled micro-lathe or microlathe) is a machine tool used for the complex shaping of metal and other solid materials. Micro lathes are related to (full-sized) lathes but are distinguished by their small size and differing capabilities, application, use, and locations. Sometimes referred to as desktop lathes or table-top lathes, micro lathes can be comfortably used in areas where a full-sized lathe would be impractical.
Micro lathes are well suited for use in restricted spaces where heavy machining or high accuracy are not requirements. Micro lathes find a place in homes, basements, and garages. As they are a popular tool for hobbyists, they are commonly sold through hobby catalogs and hobby websites. Micro lathes are preferred over larger lathes by some professionals, commonly locksmiths, jewelers, designers, and engineers for prototyping or fabrication work.
Despite a more available price point and lower rigidity than their larger counterparts, micro lathes still operate within the required tolerances of many tasks. This makes them particularly useful in applications where small precision pieces are needed for projects like miniature engines that require fine detail and mechanical accuracy.
Small ultra-precision and diamond turning lathes exist, but have little in common with a desktop-style micro lathe other than form factor. The smallest CNC micro lathe was made by researchers at the Mechanical Engineering Laboratory of Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Olympus Optical Co. It is 32 mm long, 25 mm wide, and 30.5 mm high, the lathe weighs just 100 grams. In test runs, the tiny lathe produced a brass needle 0.05 mm wide and 0.6 mm long and screws that are 0.05 mm thick.
Materials
Micro lathes are not commonly used to cut wood. Though accessories for woodcutting are available, a reduced work envelope limits the machine to small projects and increases difficulty. A majority of micro lathes utilize a variable speed electric motor and are usually employed to turn metals such as iron, aluminum, copper, and titanium. Delrin and other free-machining plastics can be effectively cut, but others (such as Acetate and PVC) require experience and specialized knowledge of machining, and are commonly found to be difficult to machine by micro lathe users who are not professional machinists.
References
Further reading
Jeffree, Tony (2019). The Taig/Peatol Lathe. Pub Independently published:
Lathes
Graham Addley (born 1963) is a Canadian provincial politician. They were the New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Saskatoon Sutherland until they were defeated in the 2007 election by the Saskatchewan Party's Joceline Schriemer.
Addley was first elected to the Legislature in 1999, and served as Deputy Speaker and chair of the Committee of the Whole from May 2001 to October 2005. They co-authored "Press Councils and Democracy" which they presented to the 41st Canadian Regional Conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association in New Brunswick in July 2002 and was subsequently published in the Parliamentary Review. Appointed in 2000 to the All Party Committee on Tobacco Control, Addley was instrumental in developing recommendations which transformed Saskatchewan's approach to tobacco control including the precedent setting tobacco display ban which eliminated the last legal avenue for tobacco companies to advertise to children. After the Supreme Court ruled in 2005 in Saskatchewan's favour, the law was emulated across the country and around the world. In 2006 the Lung Association of Saskatchewan presented Addley its Award of Merit for outstanding service in promoting lung health in Saskatchewan. Appointed Legislative Secretary to the Premier on Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment in January 2005, their "Healthy Choices in a Healthy Community Report" resulted in the Premier's Project Hope strategy which was honoured by the Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse (CCSA) for leadership and commitment to the field of addiction. In October 2005 Addly was appointed to the Executive Council of Saskatchewan as Minister of Healthy Living Services and Minister Responsible for Seniors. In May 2007 their Cabinet duties were expanded to include Minister Responsible for Investment Saskatchewan Inc. and Minister Responsible for Information Services Corporation of Saskatchewan.
 They are married with three children.
External links
the Lung Association of Saskatchewan
Living people
1963 births
Saskatchewan New Democratic Party MLAs
21st-century Canadian politicians
The Olten–Lucerne railway line is one of the major railway lines of Switzerland, running between Olten and Lucerne. It was built by the Schweizerische Centralbahn and opened to Lucerne in 1856. The Schweizerische Centralbahn was taken over by the Swiss Federal Railways in 1902. The line is and electrified at 15 kV 16.7 Hz and has two tracks.
Passenger services consist of a mixture of intercity, inter-regional and regional express services between Basel and Lucerne, some to or from Chiasso. There are also half-hour S-Bahn services between Lucern and Sursee (S18) and hourly services between Sursee and Olten (S22).
Notes
References
Railway lines in Switzerland
Robert T. Lackey (born 1944) is a Canadian born fisheries scientist and political scientist living in the United States.  They are best known for their work involving the interplay between science and policy, natural resource management, and assessments of the future of salmon runs. Lackey is a professor of fisheries and wildlife and adjunct professor of political science at Oregon State University. From 1981-2008, they held senior leadership posts at the United States Environmental Protection Agency research laboratory in Corvallis, Oregon.
Biography
Robert Thomas Lackey received a B.S. (fisheries) from Humboldt State University in 1967, an M.S. (Zoology) in 1968 from University of Maine, and a PhD (Fisheries and Wildlife) in 1971 from Colorado State University. They were then hired by Virginia Tech as assistant professor of fisheries and became associate professor in 1973. In 1976-77, they spent a sabbatical year in Washington, D.C., working with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service Environment Program as the national program coordinator. In 1979 they led the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's National Water Resources Analysis Group located in West Virginia. In 1981, they were a senior biologist with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency research laboratory in Corvallis, Oregon, and was deputy director from 1989 to 2000. In 1982 they became Courtesy Professor in the Department of Fisheries and Wildlife at Oregon State University, a position they continue to hold. In 1999, Lackey was awarded a senior Fulbright Fellowship and spend their tenure at the University of Northern British Columbia. They retired from the Environmental Protection Agency in 2008 to work at Oregon State University.
Contributions
Lackey had an early focus on solving practical fisheries problems, improving fish yields using various novel habitat enhancement techniques. In later years they focused on better defining the roles of scientific information and scientists in natural resource policy. Lackey's leadership in developing policy options to restore wild salmon to the west coast of the United States is well known and controversial. It has been criticized for being overly pessimistic, and is regarded by others as a blunt assessment of reality. In 2005, they completed a 4-year collaborative effort, the Salmon 2100 Project. This encouraged senior scientists and policy experts to develop practical policy options that, if implemented, would restore wild salmon runs in California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and southern British Columbia. A book of the same title was published in 2006. They have lectured widely advocating that scientists should be vigilant about keeping personal policy preferences out of scientific activities.  They are a proponent of the view that the pervasive use of normative science is undermining the credibility of the scientific enterprise. Their current work focuses on education, especially developing online graduate courses in ecological and natural resource policy.
Some publications
Books
Lackey, Robert T. 1974. Introductory Fisheries Science. Sea Grant, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, Virginia, 280 pp.
Lackey, Robert T., and Wayne A. Hubert. Editors. 1978. Analysis of Exploited Fish Populations. Sea Grant, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, Virginia, 97 pp.
Lackey, Robert T., and Larry A. Nielsen. Editors. 1980. Fisheries Management. John Wiley & Sons, New York, New York, 422 pp.
Mazaika, Rosemary, Robert T. Lackey, and Stephen L. Friant. Editors. 1995. Ecological Risk Assessment: Use, Abuse, and Alternatives. Amherst Scientific Publishers, Amherst, Massachusetts.
Lackey, Robert T., Denise H. Lach, and Sally L. Duncan. Editors. 2006. Salmon 2100: The Future of Wild Pacific Salmon. American Fisheries Society, Bethesda, Maryland, 629 pp.
Journal articles
Lackey, Robert T. 1998. Seven pillars of ecosystem management. Landscape and Urban Planning. 40(1-3): 21-30.
Lackey, Robert T. 2003. Pacific Northwest salmon: forecasting their status in 2100. Reviews in Fisheries Science. 11(1): 35-88.
Lackey, Robert T. 2006. Axioms of ecological policy. Fisheries. 31(6): 286-290.
Lackey, Robert T. 2007. Science, scientists, and policy advocacy. Conservation Biology. 21(1): 12-17.
Lackey, Robert T. 2009. Challenges to sustaining diadromous fishes through 2100: lessons learned from western North America. pp. 609–617. In: Haro, A., et al., editors. Challenges for Diadromous Fishes in a Dynamic Global Environment, American Fisheries Society.
Notes
References
Oregon State University (2018)
http://blogs.oregonstate.edu/lackey/
EPA (2011)
http://www.epa.gov/wed/pages/staff/lackey/
Humboldt State University (2008)
http://www.humboldt.edu/green/people/people/lackey.php
Oregon State University (2009)
https://today.oregonstate.edu/archives/1999/aug/lackey-selected-fulbright-scholar
Google Scholar
https://scholar.google.co.nz/scholar?hl=en&num=100&q=author%3A%22Robert+T+Lackey%22&btnG=Search&as_sdt=0%2C38&as_ylo=&as_vis=0
Oregonian Newspaper (2009)
http://www.oregonlive.com/opinion/index.ssf/2009/09/facing_the_facts_on_the_future.html
Martin (2011)
http://articles.sfgate.com/2011-07-25/bay-area/29811577_1_wild-salmon-salmon-numbers-salmon-producing
NBC (2005)
http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9239431/ns/technology_and_science-science/t/population-numbers-may-doom-salmon/#.XB7uI_ZFxG8
American Fisheries Society (2011)
http://fisheries.org/shop/x55050xm
Dunbar (2008)
http://www.modbee.com/latest-news/article3103148.html
Oregon State University (2013)
http://oregonstate.edu/terra/2013/01/normative-science/
External links
http://blogs.oregonstate.edu/lackey/
http://blogs.oregonstate.edu/lackey/research/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-lackey-792a219
https://oregonstate.academia.edu/RobertLackey
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Robert_Lackey
Fisheries scientists
Living people
Canadian political scientists
21st-century American zoologists
Canadian biologists
People from Corvallis, Oregon
California State Polytechnic University, Humboldt alumni
1944 births
Colorado State University alumni
University of Maine alumni
Oregon State University faculty
Virginia Tech faculty
People from Kamloops
20th-century American zoologists
SharkDefense is a research organization and think tank focused on shark bycatch reduction. Its core research involves chemical and electrochemical shark repellent technologies. SharkDefense's repellent experiments have been featured extensively in the US and European media.
SharkDefense is the Discover of the permanent-magnetic and electrochemical repellent effects on sharks. These findings represent the first research efforts focused exclusively at selectively repelling sharks from commercial fishing gear without affecting the target catch. The repellent effect of electropositive metals on sharks was confirmed by the National Marine Fisheries Service, notably, Stoner and Kaimmer, and studies completed by Brill et al. (2008) and Wang et al. (2008) also support the repellent effects. The preliminary research results on permanent magnetic shark repellents were reviewed, judged, and awarded the first place 2006 WWF SmartGear award. In 2008, the Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries (DPI&F) and James Cook University (JCU), Australia confirmed that permanent (ferrite) magnets technology repel grey reef sharks, hammerheads, sharp-nosed sharks, blacktip sharks, the vulnerable sawfish and the critically endangered spear tooth shark.
In 2014, SharkDefense partnered with SharkTec LLC to commercialize an aerosol semiochemical shark repellent product. Both companies are working to broaden the commercial use of SharkDefense's technologies.
History
SharkDefense was formed in September 2001 by Eric Stroud and Jean Stroud. Its research program began at the Oak Ridge Shark Laboratory with a search for trace chemical messengers present in decayed shark tissue. In 1943, Burden et al. from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) had reported that decayed shark tissue was successful at halting feeding in captive dusky smooth-hound sharks (Mustelis canis). In the efforts to develop and test a chemical shark repellent package led by Dr. Harold Coolidge of the Harvard Museum, the WHOI team selected ammonium acetate as the active in the decomposing shark tissue, however, instrumental analysis by the Oak Ridge Shark Lab in 2002 failed to find ammonium acetate. It was hypothesized by SharkDefense that ammonium acetate was an approximation of the ammonium cation (based on the ammonia-like smell of the shark tissue or a urea-urease reaction), and the acetate conjugate base (based on the acetic acid which WHOI had already found to have repellent properties). After 2002, many new compounds were found and catalogued by SharkDefense, who maintains a repellent compound database.
Milestones
1. Apr. 15, 2003 – First successful field test of a semiochemical shark repellent, Triangle Rocks, South Bimini, Bahamas
2. May 2004 – A gustatory shark repellent (“5ISO”) is isolated and successfully tested
3. Nov. 2004 – Accidental discovery of the repellent effects of a rare-earth magnet is made at the Oak Ridge Shark Lab
4. Jul 12, 2005 – Testing at Achotines, Panama on captive yellowfin tuna (T. albacares) confirms that both semiochemical mixtures and the gustation compound are selective shark repellents and do not repel a commercially-valuable fish species.
5. Sep. 15, 2005 - A 0.1ppm solution of a synthetic shark repellent compound terminates tonic immobility in juvenile lemon sharks (N. brevirostris).
6. Nov. 16, 2005 – Chemical repellents are successfully incorporated into a time-release gel matrix, providing more than 4 hours of protection time.
7. May 1, 2006 – Accidental discovery is made using an electropositive metal as an experimental control at South Bimini, Bahamas.
8. May 11, 2006 – SharkDefense is the grand prize winner of the 2006 WWF Smart Gear competition for its proposal on permanent magnet shark repellents.
9. Aug. 31, 2007 - Fish attractant qualities of the gustation compound are confirmed.
10. Jun. 2007 – SMART Hook technology developed.
Current members
2001 – Present. Mr. Eric M. Stroud (Seton Hall University, Ph.D. candidate) was the co-founder of SharkDefense and led the initial research to identify chemical repellent actives.  They are the managing partner and is researching chemical signals and necromones as part of their PhD.
2006 – Present. Dr. Patrick H. Rice (University of Miami, RSMAS), partner, joined the SharkDefense team in 2005 while researching the repellent effects of permanent magnets.  They are the director of marine sciences at Florida Keys Community College and is senior marine biogist with SharkDefense.
2006 – 2012. Mr. Craig P. O'Connell (Coastal Carolina University, Ph.D. student), partner, joined the SharkDefense team as marine biologist in 2006 while working on a contract shark repellent-sunscreen project at South Bimini, Bahamas.  They are researching magnetoreception as a shark bycatch mechanism for their Ph.D.
2010 - 2011. Mr. Conrad Eskelinen (DiveBum Studios), partner, joined the SharkDefense team as creative director in 2010.
2003 – Present. Dr. Samuel H. Gruber (University of Miami, RSMAS, professor emeritus), consultant, has assisted and supervised many SharkDefense repellent trials at the Bimini Biological Field Station.
2003–Present. Mr. Grant T. Johnson (South Bimini, Bahamas), consultant, providing field and testing support.
2004 – Present. Ms. Katie Grudecki (South Bimini, Bahamas), consultant, providing field and testing support.
2004 – 2010. Mr. Sean Williams (Bimini Biological Field Station), consultant, providing field testing support.
References
O'Connell, C.P., D.C. Abel, and E.M. Stroud. 2011. Analysis of permanent magnets as elasmobranch bycatch reduction devices in hook-and-line and longline trials. Fish. Bull. 109(4): 394-401.
O'Connell, C.P., S.H. Gruber, D.C. Abel, E.M. Stroud. and P.H. Rice. 2011. The responses of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, to a magnetic barrier. Ocean Coast. Manag. 54(3): 225-230.
O'Connell, C.P., Abel, D.C., Rice, P.H., Stroud, E.M. and Simuro, N.C. 2010. Responses of the Southern Stingray (Dasyatis americana) and the Nurse Shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum) to Permanent Magnets. Mar. Freshw. Behav. Phy. 43: 63-73.
O'Connell, C.P. 2008. Investigation of Grade C8 Barium Ferrite (BaFe2O4) Permanent Magnets as a Possible
Elasmobranch Bycatch Reduction System. In: Swimmer, Y., J.H. Wang, and L. McNaughton. 2008. Shark deterrent and incidental capture workshop, April 10–11, 2008. U.S. Dep. Commer., NOAA Tech Memo., NOAA-TM-NMFS-PIFSC-16. 72p.
Stroud, E. M., C. P. O'Connell, P. H. Rice, B. B. Barnes, M. Elshaer, N. H. Snow, J. E. Hanson (Submitted). “Chemical Shark Repellent: Myth or Fact? The effect of a shark necromone on shark feeding behavior”. Ocean Coast. Manag.
O'Connell, C.P., P. He, T.J. O'Connell, M.K. Maxwell, R.C. Reed, C.A. Smith, E.M. Stroud and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 2. The Great Hammerhead Shark (Sphyrna mokarran).
O'Connell, C.P., P.He, J. Joyce, E.M. Stroud, and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). Effects of the SMART Hook™ (Selective Magnetic and Repellent-Treated Hook) on Spiny Dogfish Catch in the Gulf of Maine.
O'Connell, C.P., E.M. Stroud, P. He, T.J. O'Connell, P.H. Rice, G. Johnson, and K. Grudecki. (Submitted). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 1. The Bull Shark (Carcharhinus leucas). Ocean Coast. Manag.
Sharks
